Chandler : So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Chandler : Sounds like a date to me. (CUT TO SAME SET)
Chandler : Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realise I am totally naked.
Chandler : Then I look down, and I realise there's a phone... there.
Chandler : That's right.
Chandler : All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. And it turns out it's my mother, which is very weird, because- she never calls me! (CUT TO SAME SET. Ross HAS NOW ENTERED)
Chandler : Cookie?
Chandler : Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (THE OTHERS STARE AT HIM) Did I say that out loud?
Chandler : And I just want a million dollars! (EXTENDS HIS Hand HOPEFULLY)
Chandler : (RE TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Chandler : Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
Chandler : Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Chandler : I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
Chandler : (DEADPAN) Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Chandler : I have no idea. (Joey CHECKS Ross IS NOT LOOKING and DUMPS IN IN A PLANT POT)
Chandler : All finished!
Chandler : Oh, man.
Chandler : Stay out of my freezer! (CUT TO THE RESTAURANT)
Chandler : That is amazing.
Chandler : Hi, Paul, is it? (Monica and PAUL WALK TO THE DOOR and TALK IN A LOW VOICE SO THE OTHERS CAN'T HEAR. THE OTHERS SHUNT Monica'S TABLE CLOSER TO TO THE DOOR SO THEY CAN)
Chandler : All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
Chandler : 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
Chandler : You're right, I'm sorry. (BURSTS INTO SONG and DANCES OUT OF THE DOOR) 'Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..' (EXIT Joey and Chandler)
Chandler : And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
Chandler : Oh, how well you know me...
Chandler : Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
Chandler : Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
Chandler : The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Chandler : Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Chandler : Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and... (sees that Monica is glaring at him) ...now I wish I was dead. (Monica starts to fluff a pillow.)
Chandler : Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
Chandler : (looking out the window) Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
Chandler : Ugly Naked Guy got a Thighmaster!
Chandler : You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
Chandler : ...Dinah?
Chandler : Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
Chandler : Boys? We're going in. (Chandler, Joey, and Phoebe start to pick through the lasagne as there's a knock on the door which Monica answers.)
Chandler : Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
Chandler : I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.
Chandler : What does she do?
Chandler : Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
Chandler : I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Chandler : Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Chandler : Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
Chandler : "So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"
Chandler : Hey, that was really good!
Chandler : Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?"
Chandler : "Smoke away." (Joey takes out a pack of cigarettes and a lighter. He fumbles and drops the lighter. Then he lights a cigarett, takes a drag, and coughs.)
Chandler : I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.
Chandler : Relax your hand! (Joey lets his wrist go limp.)
Chandler : Not so much!
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Alright, now try taking a puff. (Joey tries and visibly winces.)
Chandler : Alright.. okay. No. Give it to me.
Chandler : It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here. (Joey reluctantly gives him the cigarette.)
Chandler : Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
Chandler : Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke. (Takes a puff.) Oh.. my.. God. (He continues to smoke.) [Scene, Central Perk, everyone except Phoebe and Rachel is there.]
Chandler : Oh, Satan's minions at work again...
Chandler : I'm smoking. I'm smoking, I'm smoking.
Chandler : And this- is my reward!
Chandler : Okay, so this time I won't quit!
Chandler : All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. (He drops it in Phoebe's coffee.)
Chandler : What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
Chandler : Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? (Does the impression)
Chandler : Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
Chandler : I personally could have a gallon of Alan.
Chandler : Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
Chandler : Hey, this is so unfair!
Chandler : So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? (An awkward silence ensues.)
Chandler : Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Chandler : Really? He does? (taking the phone) Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! (He hands the phone back and stubs out his cigarette.)
Chandler : Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Chandler : Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
Chandler : (deadpan) Ooh, I'm alive with pleasure now.
Chandler : (sarcastic) Oh, she's sorry! I feel better!
Chandler : ...That's it. I'm getting cigarettes.
Chandler : (leaving) I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
Chandler : Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Chandler : You got waaaay too much free time.
Chandler : Happy birthday, pal!
Chandler : Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty".
Chandler : Eleven days before Hallowe'en.. all the good costumes are gone?
Chandler : (TRYING TO STOP Ross LEAVING) C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, (PRETENDING TO PUNCH HIM IN THE STOMACH) huh? huh? huh?
Chandler : (STOPS) I have no idea.
Chandler : You got it. (Rachel RUNS UP CLUTCHING AN ENVELOPE)
Chandler : (LOOKING) Oh, this is not that bad.
Chandler : ...Poulet passes it up to Leech! (PASSES TO Joey)
Chandler : We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
Chandler : Yes, Bunny?
Chandler : (TO Joey) Could've been a peach.
Chandler : What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
Chandler : (TO Ross) See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
Chandler : He's open!
Chandler : Hey, look, we're on that TV thing! (Chandler and Joey HOLD UP THE PUCK and WAVE AT THE TV THING) (AD BREAK) SCENE
Chandler : (TO RECEPTIONIST)'Scuse me.
Chandler : Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. (RECEPTIONIST GIVES HIM A LOOK TO FREEZE HELL)
Chandler : Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? (SHE SLIDES THE GLASS PANEL OVER. Chandler TALKS THROUGH IT IN A LOUD VOICE)
Chandler : Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. (TO THE E.R.) Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. (SHE SLIDES THE PANEL BACK. HE TURNS and IT TAKES HIM BY SURPRISE) Ba-! (CUT TO THE GIRLS ON MON+RACH'S BALCONY)
Chandler : Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Chandler : Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Chandler : Then what?
Chandler : So in your whole life, you've only been with one- (HE GETS A LOOK TOO) -oh.
Chandler : I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic..
Chandler : No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. (ENTER Ross OFF CAMERA)
Chandler : Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Chandler : You gotta do it, man.
Chandler : Thanks. (THE GUY NODS and LEAVES)
Chandler : Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.
Chandler : Alright. (TO PHONE) Yes, this is Rachel.
Chandler : To the left, to the left- aww! (THEY COLLAPSE)
Chandler : We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Chandler : So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
Chandler : Not a one.
Chandler : Oh, right, right, shut up.
Chandler : No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Chandler : Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.
Chandler : Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Chandler : Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
Chandler : It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
Chandler : Yuh-huh.
Chandler : Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear--do you want it to be dirty?
Chandler : Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Chandler : There you go.
Chandler : Where are they? Where are they?
Chandler : It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Chandler : Here we go.
Chandler : Hey, Janice.
Chandler : Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : [covering] What... did you get me there?
Chandler : Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
Chandler : That's great. [The drinks arrive, and Chandler downs his espresso in one gulp.]
Chandler : Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Chandler : That's it?
Chandler : Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.
Chandler : Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Chandler : Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, [Chandler flails his hand out and hits Janice in the eye]... boom.
Chandler : Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?
Chandler : Oh, I don't know, a million?
Chandler : I'm fine.
Chandler : I'm not fine. Here she comes.
Chandler : How do you do that?
Chandler : We should always always break up together.
Chandler : I'm free! I'm free!
Chandler : You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Chandler : (STARING AT A WOMAN ACRoss THE ROOM) Ross, ten o'clock.
Chandler : No, ten o'clock.
Chandler : (SIGHS and GESTURES TO EXPLAIN) There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
Chandler : She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Chandler : Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Chandler : Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Chandler : Thank you, buddy.
Chandler : Y'think?
Chandler : Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Chandler : Here goes. (HE WALKS OVER TO HER BUT JUST STandS THERE)
Chandler : Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... (CLEARS HIS THROAT NOISILY)...hi.
Chandler : Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. (WALKS BACK TO THE OTHERS BUT SHE CAllS HIM BACK)
Chandler : (RUNNING BACK) She said yes!! She said yes!! (TO Joey) Awful play, man. Whoah. (TO All) Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. (TO Joey) Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. (FISHES A CARD OUT OF HIS POCKET)
Chandler : Hey, kids.
Chandler : Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Chandler : It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army... (FLASHBACK OF Aurora and Chandler ON THEIR DATE IN Central Perk [denoted by italics])
Chandler : Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Chandler : We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
Chandler : Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
Chandler : Who's Rick?
Chandler : Oh, so you're divorced?
Chandler : Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
Chandler : So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Chandler : Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Chandler : So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Chandler : ...Hm.
Chandler : What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Chandler : Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good
Chandler : Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Chandler : Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Chandler : Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Chandler : Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Chandler : Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.
Chandler : C'mon, we're roommates! (HE GOES INTO THE BATHROOM, SCREAMS and RUNS OUT) My eyes!! My eyes!!
Chandler : Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Chandler : Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know.. (HE STARTS TO RAID THE FRIDGE)
Chandler : No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door? (HE HAS ARMLOADS OF STUFF)
Chandler : God, I love these fingers...
Chandler : No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Chandler : Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go.. (KISSES HER and PULLS HER BACK DOWN)
Chandler : Don't go.
Chandler : (TO HIMSELF) Too bad, she's leaving.
Chandler : Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
Chandler : What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
Chandler : I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Chandler : Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Chandler : Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
Chandler : You.
Chandler : Nono, just you.
Chandler : Lose the other guys.
Chandler : C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Chandler : ...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
Chandler : I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Chandler : ...The second guy.
Chandler : Sorry, the first guy runs the lips. (SHE LEAVES. Chandler SIGHS and FAllS BACK ON HIS BED) SCENE
Chandler : (TO Ross) 'Big guy'?
Chandler : Something so sweet and... disturbing about that.
Chandler : Oh, great. This is just... [Chandler sees that there is a gorgeous model inside the vestibule with him. He makes a gesture of quiet exuberance.] Credits
Chandler : Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
Chandler : She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! [pause] Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Chandler : Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.
Chandler : Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy. [Chandler strides proudly across the vestibule and Jill stares at him.]
Chandler : Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile! [Chandler smiles at her, she smiles back sweetly.]
Chandler : There you go! [He continues to smile like an idiot, and she looks frightened.]
Chandler : You're definitely scaring here.
Chandler : Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. [takes phone]
Chandler : Hey, it's me.
Chandler : Yeah, I'm fine. [trying to cover up what he is saying] I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
Chandler : I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr!
Chandler : [angry] Put Joey on the phone.
Chandler : I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth JLL GDCR.
Chandler : Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind.
Chandler : Um, is it sugarless?
Chandler : Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental
Chandler : You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. [Jill gives him a stick of gum, and a strange look] 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Chandler : [chewing gum] Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go. [Chandler waits until Jill is looking, then starts to blow a bubble. But instead of blow one, he accidentally spits the gum out of his mouth and hits the wall.]
Chandler : Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth. [Chandler slyly grabs the gum from the wall and slides it back in his mouth.]
Chandler : Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... [grimacing] ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking. [Chandler starts to choke.]
Chandler : [gasping] Yes... thank you. That was... that was....
Chandler : OK.
Chandler : Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
Chandler : Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Chandler : Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
Chandler : Yes please.
Chandler : He's a he?
Chandler : ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Chandler : You did?
Chandler : Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Chandler : You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Chandler : Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Chandler : Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?
Chandler : WHAT IS IT?!
Chandler : Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. [Phone rings; Mon gets it]
Chandler : I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?
Chandler : Hey, gorgeous.
Chandler : No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
Chandler : So, uh... what do you think it is about me?
Chandler : ...Quality, right, great.
Chandler : Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?
Chandler : Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll.
Chandler : No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
Chandler : Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not. [Cut to Nana's]
Chandler : Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it? [They all leave] Scene
Chandler : Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
Chandler : You're watching a football game at a funeral?
Chandler : You are a frightening, frightening man. [Rachel steps in a patch of mud]
Chandler : Oh, no-
Chandler : Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is. [They shake hands. Cut to Ross emerging from a hallway, grinning inanely. He is obviously very stoned]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Who are those people?
Chandler : Hey, Lowell.
Chandler : So how's it going there in Financial Services?
Chandler : Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
Chandler : Really.
Chandler : So- you can tell?
Chandler : So you don't think I have a, a quality?
Chandler : He is ?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
Chandler : That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Chandler : Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Chandler : Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Chandler : Yes, every single one of them.
Chandler : I thought it was $98.50.
Chandler : I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head. [Rachel enters.]
Chandler : All right, I'm nine years old.
Chandler : We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Chandler : Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
Chandler : Tonight, on a very special Blossom. Commercial
Chandler : Oh, you must stop shooping.
Chandler : No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment. [Phoebe takes a slice of pumpkin pie and waves it in front of Chandler's face.]
Chandler : Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore. [Chandler leaves.]
Chandler : The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Chandler : No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Chandler : Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Chandler : Do either of you have the keys?
Chandler : [sarcastic] For an emergency just like this.
Chandler : Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. [They walk in. Smoke fills the apartment.]
Chandler : Now this feels like Thanksgiving. [Time lapse. Everyone is upset with each other. Phoebe is at the window.]
Chandler : Shall I carve?
Chandler : Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
Chandler : I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Chandler : Here, here! Closing Credits [Joey is at the subway again. He peels off the caption on his poster, revealing more posters underneath. The captions read, as
Chandler : Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Chandler : Might wanna open with the snowman. [Enter Joey]
Chandler : Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this
Chandler : It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Chandler : Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
Chandler : [Quietly, to the others] That guy's going home with a note!
Chandler : Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Chandler : Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
Chandler : I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
Chandler : I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped! [Enter Joey. His shoes have bells on, which jingle as he walks. He is wearing a long coat.]
Chandler : Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
Chandler : Aah, y'killing me! [Marcel knocks over some kitchen tools]
Chandler : Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Chandler : Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie. [Scene
Chandler : Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
Chandler : I happen to know a Fun Bob.
Chandler : That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Chandler : Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
Chandler : With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Chandler : Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon... [Max runs in]
Chandler : You remember Janice.
Chandler : [Imitating] But you found me!
Chandler : Kill me. Kill me now. [Someone else knocks on the door. Monica looks through the spyhole]
Chandler : Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
Chandler : I'm sorry you misunderstood...
Chandler : Oh, will you give me the thing. [Snatches the camera] [David is feeding Phoebe popcorn. Max walks up]
Chandler : [To a woman who he has clearly just met] And then the peacock bit me. [Laughs] Please kiss me at midnight. [She leaves]
Chandler : Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Chandler : And the moment of joy is upon us.
Chandler : Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. [Makes kiss noise]
Chandler : Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Chandler : Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
Chandler : Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend at Bernie's is on Showtime, HBL and Cinemax.
Chandler : Exactly. Weekend at Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Chandler : Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch'.
Chandler : You can say that because she's not your mom.
Chandler : Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing
Chandler : Now why would she say that's embarrassing?
Chandler : THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!! Jay Leno
Chandler : This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone. Jay Leno
Chandler : ...And then he burst into flames. [Scene
Chandler : Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken. Mrs.
Chandler : Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
Chandler : I know I am. Mrs.
Chandler : Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen. [Cut to Mrs. Bing on the telephone] Mrs.
Chandler : What are you guys doing out here?
Chandler : Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. [Goes back inside and shuts the door]
Chandler : Oh my God.
Chandler : I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : [To Joey] You knew about this?
Chandler : I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
Chandler : [To Ross] I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
Chandler : Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
Chandler : I can't believe you did this. [Walks toward the door]
Chandler : I'm still mad at you for not telling me.
Chandler : You gotta let me slam the door! [Leaves; slams the door]
Chandler : What was that?
Chandler : Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? [Goes to the counter]
Chandler : Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Chandler : Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom! [People turn to look]
Chandler : That's very funny. We done now?
Chandler : That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Chandler : No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. Mrs.
Chandler : You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect. Mrs.
Chandler : Really stupid. Mrs.
Chandler : Yeah. No. No... [Cut to Joey listening at the door. Ross walks up]
Chandler : Yeah, okay. Mrs.
Chandler : Nice save. [She walks down the hall]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Yeah, why not. [They shake hands] So I told her.
Chandler : Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.
Chandler : Pretty good! I told her.
Chandler : No no no no, we're done. OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : And, we're done with the yogurt. [sets yogurt down on table]
Chandler : Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
Chandler : Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever! [Joey opens door, throws keys on kitchen table, table falls over]
Chandler : You think?
Chandler : Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?
Chandler : What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
Chandler : Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
Chandler : Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
Chandler : What do you mean, like, buy it together?
Chandler : You think we're ready for something like that?
Chandler : Well, it's a big--it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Chandler : I'm not moving out.
Chandler : Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip
Chandler : It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly
Chandler : Aw, don't do that Phoebe's
Chandler : Hey Phoebe!
Chandler : Fine. [Joey and Chandler walk towards the door]
Chandler : More coffee over here, please!
Chandler : Oooohhh...
Chandler : So what are you gonna do?
Chandler : Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
Chandler : That's patio furniture!
Chandler : You pick one.
Chandler : Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
Chandler : Not like that, I won't! [pauses] Kip would have liked the birds! [Joey turns and gives Chandler a dirty look]
Chandler : So, what do you think?
Chandler : I know!
Chandler : What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Chandler : My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! [Ross and Chandler look off into the distance. Joey, wondering what they are looking at, looks in the same dir ection]
Chandler : Wha-
Chandler : What is it?
Chandler : Hey! Joey &
Chandler : We already knew that! [they hug]
Chandler : Shut-out!
Chandler : Yeah--get out!
Chandler : One more game?
Chandler : I'm sorry!
Chandler : Rachel, wait, wait.
Chandler : Can I just say one thing?
Chandler : That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Chandler : Oh, yes, could I have one of those-
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
Chandler : It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Chandler : Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Chandler : Okaaay, [Gestures] rock, hard place, me.
Chandler : Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Chandler : Huh.
Chandler : Uh-huh, how did you know that?
Chandler : [Without looking up] What? [Looks up] What?
Chandler : Y'know, I don't see that happening?
Chandler : Well I'm not showing you my 'tat'. [Door buzzer goes]
Chandler : [Sarcastic] Oh, good. Rog is here.
Chandler : Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Chandler : Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.
Chandler : Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know? [Commercial] [Scene
Chandler : Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
Chandler : So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?
Chandler : C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by 'No thanks, it's late'.
Chandler : Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?
Chandler : Well, you're gonna.
Chandler : Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Chandler : Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Chandler : No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say- 'No thanks, I'm married'.
Chandler : Yeah. I really do.
Chandler : Get off! [Scene
Chandler : [Comes out of his room] What? What?
Chandler : Sorry, my- my thing was in there with me. [Scene
Chandler : Basically we just feel that he's...
Chandler : Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
Chandler : If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom. [Enter Phoebe]
Chandler : Any contact?
Chandler : Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian--I don't think we need a third...
Chandler : I think it's winning.
Chandler : She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend. [Ross walks over to the woman, egg in hand.]
Chandler : No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg. Opening Credits
Chandler : Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
Chandler : Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a--
Chandler : Yes! Way to go, man! [Chandler and Ross hug. Something crunches in Ross' shirt pocket.] Still got the egg, huh?
Chandler : Oh, uh, I... don't... care. [Joey's date shows up] Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Chandler : ...And what did you bring?
Chandler : Janice? [Lorraine leaves. Joey shakes his head as though to say, 'It can't be the same Janice.' Janice enters.]
Chandler : [angrily] Hey, it's Janice.
Chandler : Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
Chandler : Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Chandler : I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. [gets up right behind Joey and yells in his ear] Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
Chandler : That's OK.
Chandler : [disgusted] What? What can't you do?
Chandler : Tell me it's "you and me" we.
Chandler : Ok, you can not do this to me.
Chandler : I hope she throws up on you. [Joey leaves with Lorraine. Chandler sits back down with Janice.]
Chandler : So...
Chandler : Oh, what a crappy night!
Chandler : Excuse me. [gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him] How ya doin'?
Chandler : Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
Chandler : You got it. Good woman! [the waiter turns around, it's a man] Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Chandler : That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. [to Janice] I've always wanted to know...
Chandler : No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.
Chandler : Ok, well, this was very special.
Chandler : Janice is gonna go away now.
Chandler : Oh, good, Joey's home now.
Chandler : How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
Chandler : Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush. [Janice enters.]
Chandler : Hi, Just Janice.
Chandler : Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. [reading the candy] Chan and Jan Forever.
Chandler : Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Chandler : [surprised] It is?
Chandler : Oh no, you see, actually it is.
Chandler : Oh, no I don't.
Chandler : I did, but--
Chandler : Call me!
Chandler : Ms. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Chandler : Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. [Chandler tries to hide a rubber chicken from the woman.]
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : So, it's a typical day at work. I'm putting in my numbers, and then big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
Chandler : So.... I quit.
Chandler : Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
Chandler : If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Chandler : It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS. [Everyone looks at him, confused.]
Chandler : Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
Chandler : I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Chandler : Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Chandler : Thanks, Phoeb. But I just don't see myself in a big white hat.
Chandler : Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Chandler : Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. [pause] I added the "a-gogo".
Chandler : Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Chandler : Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Chandler : Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Chandler : Who are you going out with?
Chandler : And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Chandler : Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? [he taps the results and reads them] "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Chandler : Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing... something.
Chandler : Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
Chandler : [tastes it] Well.... it is amouz-ing... [Phone rings. Monica answers it.]
Chandler : You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. [dead silence] Amouz-bouche? [holds out tray]
Chandler : [smiling]....with??
Chandler : It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Chandler : Again?
Chandler : [on phone] Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor?... Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know?... Well, that's very generous... er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier?... Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection!.... No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday! [slams the phone down]
Chandler : Well?
Chandler : Look at this! [he opens the curtain to a view of New York City]
Chandler : Yes indeedy! [they look outside] With a beautiful view of...
Chandler : [walks away from window] OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
Chandler : This is great! [he presses a button on his intercom] Helen, could you come in here for a moment? [An unamused woman walks into the office.]
Chandler : Thank you Helen, that'll be all. [She leaves, obviously perturbed.]
Chandler : Last time I do that, I promise.
Chandler : [on phone] Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! [slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened] Whooooaaaa.... Closing Credits
Chandler : This is unbelievable. It's been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you'd be looking like a ham right about now.
Chandler : It's Phoebe! Hi!
Chandler : Wait, wait! Wh-What are you doing here?
Chandler : Can we start over?
Chandler : All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn't look exactly like her sister.
Chandler : They're twins!
Chandler : You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things. Let's not do that anymore.
Chandler : Your sister Ursula.
Chandler : Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh--
Chandler : Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven't talked in like years.
Chandler : Oh, and I've got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in gym.
Chandler : And (buzzing noise) to you too, Helen.
Chandler : Oh, ok. Send her in.
Chandler : Hi, Nina. Come on in.
Chandler : Uh, Yes. Yes. I've just been going over your data here, and little thing, you've been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Chandler : Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.
Chandler : WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net Usage Statistics.
Chandler : It's not just that she's cute, ok. It's just that she's really really cute.
Chandler : So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Chandler : Hey, where you been?
Chandler : Score.
Chandler : Yeah, listen. Before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by, uh--
Chandler : Mr. D, how's it going, sir?? Mr.
Chandler : And? Mr.
Chandler : So what does this mean? Mr.
Chandler : Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very-- Mr.
Chandler : Nina? Nina. Nina. Nina.
Chandler : Yes, yes I am. Listen, the reason that I called you in here today is, uh, please don't hate me.
Chandler : Would you like to have dinner sometime?
Chandler : Well, you still haven't taken down the Christmas lights.
Chandler : I'm just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Chandler : You know, once you're inside, you don't have to knock anymore.
Chandler : Wow, this is serious. I've never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
Chandler : Knit, good woman, knit, knit! (knock)
Chandler : And that's the Chrysler building right there. Mr.
Chandler : Yes, yes she is. Didn't I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, uh, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Fl---, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan, and uh, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly. In fact, he uh, mentioned the word "frenzy". Mr.
Chandler : Oh, no, no. Nina--she is whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo. In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all. Mr.
Chandler : And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself or others. Mr.
Chandler : Well, I guess that's why they call it psychology, sir.
Chandler : You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
Chandler : Uh, sure, Nina. What's up?
Chandler : Oh, well, uh, maybe that's because they're uh, jealous of us.
Chandler : Uh, well, maybe that's, uh, because you're getting a big raise.
Chandler : Sure, why not?
Chandler : Oh, you don't know. Helen, would you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinder's raise?
Chandler : Helen drinks. Will you marry me?
Chandler : Well, I ended up telling her everything.
Chandler : Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little
Chandler : You're not gonna lose him.
Chandler : What are you crazy? That's a baby!
Chandler : Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
Chandler : Well, only if you order stuff.
Chandler : There it is! So what're you gonna do?
Chandler : And your friend Phoebe?
Chandler : Man if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit. Dr.
Chandler : All right, what have we learned so far?
Chandler : Happy birthday Peehee.
Chandler : Did you see Betty? Mr.
Chandler : Ok, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father. Say your son never feels connected to you as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Chandler : You know, you'd think I would. What's up with the simian?
Chandler : Ok, who's turn is it?
Chandler : No, no, you got zero points for "idney".
Chandler : Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.
Chandler : We think he was trying to spell out "monkey".
Chandler : So, you feel like a dad yet?
Chandler : Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.
Chandler : You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Chandler : Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
Chandler : ...little playthings with yarn?
Chandler : Could you want her more?
Chandler : [sarcastically] Dee, the sarcastic sister from Whats Happening.
Chandler : We're not--we're not saying anything.
Chandler : [to the girls] We were playing poker, alright...
Chandler : And then he did.
Chandler : There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
Chandler : OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
Chandler : [changing subject] OK, so at this point, the dealer--
Chandler : OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. [holds up two cards] Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. [Joey is unamused] Alright babe, deal the cards. [Time lapse.]
Chandler : Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
Chandler : The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Chandler : Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
Chandler : Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
Chandler : Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech?
Chandler : Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Chandler : Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary? [The guys all duck under the table.]
Chandler : That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Chandler : Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!
Chandler : Couldn't be more out. [throws in cards]
Chandler : Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Chandler : Call.
Chandler : [to
Chandler : Alright, here's ten. [gives it to him]
Chandler : Good luck.
Chandler : [to
Chandler : Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79! [Timer goes off.]
Chandler : Go. [Rachel starts drawing what looks like a bean.]
Chandler : Toootal chick-flick.
Chandler : They're still just friends, right?
Chandler : I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
Chandler : I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
Chandler : I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Chandler : Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used. [Cut to Rachel taking care of Marcel. They are watching a soap opera]
Chandler : Rachel lost Marcel.
Chandler : Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Chandler : Marcel?
Chandler : Marcel?
Chandler : Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we- we were looking for something...
Chandler : Yes have you seen any? Woman
Chandler : Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Chandler : Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Chandler : Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Chandler : Marcel?! [Cut to Monica and Phoebe searching the basement]
Chandler : Eh. I thought that was an alp.
Chandler : Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
Chandler : I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.
Chandler : I feel violated. And not in a good way.
Chandler : I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Chandler : Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (THE GIRLS MAKE DISGUSTED NOISES) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (TO THE GUYS) I'm right, right?
Chandler : Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. (CAllS HER, THEN HURRIEDLY HANGS UP) I got her machine.
Chandler : No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
Chandler : Oh, no no no no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase 'Yes indeedy-o'.
Chandler : (BLUFFING) And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
Chandler : Hey Rach!
Chandler : Yes!
Chandler : I have my reasons.
Chandler : (ON PHONE; READING FROM A SCRIPT) Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. (RATTLES SOME DISHES) Bye bye. (HANGS UP) Oh God!
Chandler : Hey, I've been honing!
Chandler : Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Chandler : What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that. SCENE
Chandler : Can I use your phone?
Chandler : Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Chandler : Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
Chandler : Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad. (He calls)
Chandler : She answered.
Chandler : I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy. (ENTER Rachel)
Chandler : If it helps, I could slide over.
Chandler : Hello? Hello? (Rachel PICKS UP THEIR PHONE.. and THE RINGING STOPS. AS SHE TALKS ON THE PHONE, AN ELABORATE VISUAL GAG IS SPUN OUT WHICH IS TOO DIFFICULT TO DESCRIBE IN WORDS)
Chandler : So how's Mindy?
Chandler : Hell is filled with people like you. (ENTER Joey)
Chandler : ...And boogie!
Chandler : Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
Chandler : Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
Chandler : I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Chandler : No! (CAllS) Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. (PUTS DOWN PHONE) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. (DOES A LITTLE JIG) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
Chandler : 'S'why I'm dancing... SCENE
Chandler : Ring dammit, ring!
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : (INVESTIGATING) I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
Chandler : Nngghhh!!!!!!!
Chandler : Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.
Chandler : What are you doing here?
Chandler : ...I'm, I'm okay.
Chandler : That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : ...I dunno.
Chandler : Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Chandler : Well, that's what we said about Joey...
Chandler : How about Joey... Pepponi?
Chandler : Joey... Switzerland? [The waitress brings their coffee]
Chandler : Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?
Chandler : Well, it does not ring a bell with me...
Chandler : Might wanna try Joseph. [Joey visibly thinks 'Of course!' and writes it down]
Chandler : Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof. [Scene
Chandler : She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
Chandler : So what does this mean?
Chandler : I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Chandler : I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Chandler : Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo. [Enter Phoebe, Monica and Rachel]
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
Chandler : ...Take off their hats!
Chandler : You're kidding.
Chandler : Y'know, you'd think I would've.
Chandler : -He's in.
Chandler : Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Chandler : Tell me what?
Chandler : [sarcastically] Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won?t look at me.
Chandler : Wow!
Chandler : More importantly, was I any good?
Chandler : Interesting, cause in my dreams, I?m allways surprisingly inadequate. [Monica pats him on his lap]
Chandler : You?re okay there?
Chandler : I?m sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else?s subconscious. OPENING CREDITS [Time lapse. Chandler is sitting on the table.]
Chandler : Hi Rachel.
Chandler : Pirates again?
Chandler : [sarcasticly] Thanks Joey, that?s a good idea.
Chandler : Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It?s a whole big boob story.
Chandler : Well, you know Phoebs. I don?t know if it?s your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Chandler : A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Chandler : When we were?
Chandler : And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Chandler : Can you hear that?
Chandler : See That?ll stop when you pick up the phone.
Chandler : I?m not in a meeting. I?m right... Whoops.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Ah!
Chandler : Well, now, I actually have to get to work.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Bye bye. [The intercom buzzes]
Chandler : Ooh. [leans against the desk]
Chandler : See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. [Joey and Ross wonder what he means] Me.
Chandler : Why not?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Noho. Why doesn?t they like me?
Chandler : What are you talking about?
Chandler : I can?t belive it.
Chandler : They do me?
Chandler : I don?t sound like that.
Chandler : Okay, I don?t sound like that. That is so not true. [Joey and Chandler laughs]
Chandler : That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up! [Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs]
Chandler : Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
Chandler : Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Chandler : And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym. [Monica stares at Rachel]
Chandler : Tyrannosaurus! [They all cross they?re arms like the "Power Rangers" do]
Chandler : Work people? Nobody told me.
Chandler : You know, I don?t get this. A month aga, these people were my friends. You know, just because I?m in charge doesn?t mean i?m a different person.
Chandler : You think I should?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing "Ebony and Ivory".
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Then, I don?t get it.
Chandler : They do?
Chandler : I just wan?t to--
Chandler : But I just wa--
Chandler : Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I?m gonna need them on my desk by nine o?clock.
Chandler : You have to give ?em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who?s the guy with the moustache?
Chandler : Petrie, right, right. Okay, somebody?s gonna be working this weekend.
Chandler : Hey Ross, look what I?ve got going here.
Chandler : Yeah, like in a cab--
Chandler : Okay, hating this.
Chandler : Here we go, here we go.
Chandler : Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
Chandler : You have to pick your moments. [Phoebe arrives, guitar in hand.]
Chandler : I used to have that bumper sticker. [Everyone is amused by Chandler's comment.]
Chandler : [to Rachel] You see what I mean. Opening Credits
Chandler : Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.
Chandler : Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that. [Chandler and Monica leave. Cut to Joey, watching the Knicks/Celtics game on television.]
Chandler : You'll get one.
Chandler : All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Chandler : Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Chandler : No, no, no.
Chandler : [trapped] Uh, uh.
Chandler : Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! [throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in] [Rachel enters, in a formal dress.]
Chandler : Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
Chandler : No reason. [turns around, makes an 'Oh my God' gesture with his eyes]
Chandler : Where have you been?
Chandler : Mazel tov!
Chandler : [to Joey] You are really frightening me. [Carol suddenly screams in pain and grabs Chandler by the shirt.]
Chandler : Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. [they pull her hand off of him] Uh, that's great. [looking around] Anybody seen a nipple? Dr.
Chandler : [to nurse] Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
Chandler : I know, I still am one of these.
Chandler : And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. [The rest of the group come into the picture.]
Chandler : Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. [walks over to where Joey is seated] [Joey is looking at his check.]
Chandler : Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Chandler : [sigh]... And where's this money coming from? [gives money to Joey]
Chandler : [in a deep voice] Men are here.
Chandler : Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
Chandler : Crazy bitch.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
Chandler : Forget about her.
Chandler : Course there, they just call it food.
Chandler : I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice. [Time lapse. Melanie, Joey's girlfriend, is there with Joey, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel. Ross is gone.]
Chandler : [sarcastic] Ooooh. [looks dumbfounded at Joey's stupidity]
Chandler : [pointing out a gift] OK, this one right here is from me.
Chandler : Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die. [Rachel picks up the next gift.]
Chandler : Oh, that's Ross's.
Chandler : Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? [pats his Travel Scrabble game]
Chandler : Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck? [Everyone looks at him. He realizes he just spilled the beans about Ross's crush on Rachel.]
Chandler : [panicked] ahem... um... Crystal duck.
Chandler : [stuttering incoherently] F-hah.... flennin....
Chandler : [rubbing his temples] Oh, no no no no no....
Chandler : No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
Chandler : OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
Chandler : [quickly] H-He's in China!
Chandler : What about the time difference?
Chandler : Yes! [Rachel walks towards door] You're never gonna make it!
Chandler : Well then maybe you shouldn't go.
Chandler : Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! [she leaves]
Chandler : Hey, big--
Chandler : [quietly] --spender.
Chandler : So how'd it go?
Chandler : The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Chandler : Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Chandler : I didn't know you had another level.
Chandler : Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?
Chandler : Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
Chandler : Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.
Chandler : Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
Chandler : Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen, 'cause I like to be surprised.
Chandler : Hey, Rache, can I get--
Chandler : Not yet.
Chandler : So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Chandler : God?
Chandler : Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Chandler : Well, you owe me one, big guy.
Chandler : He said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself without any outside help whatsoever.
Chandler : You have to really wanna see it.
Chandler : Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
Chandler : No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Chandler : You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
Chandler : Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.
Chandler : What stupid thing did you do?
Chandler : People do stupid things when they're upset.
Chandler : Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Chandler : Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
Chandler : At least as long as I have the pants.
Chandler : Yo, paisan. Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man.
Chandler : Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Chandler : He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite--
Chandler : Cupping.
Chandler : Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
Chandler : That's ok.
Chandler : You know, it's...something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back.
Chandler : We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?
Chandler : Carol, Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
Chandler : So, uh, how often can you do it?
Chandler : Hey, sweetums.
Chandler : Come on, you're going to Bloomingdales with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Chandler : What did you just do?
Chandler : What did you just do?
Chandler : Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
Chandler : Howdy.
Chandler : Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
Chandler : What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Chandler : All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
Chandler : You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
Chandler : All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : I broke up with her.
Chandler : They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
Chandler : I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
Chandler : You or me?
Chandler : Maureen Rosilla.
Chandler : Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
Chandler : Ok, Phoebe.
Chandler : Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed. Mr.
Chandler : Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
Chandler : Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
Chandler : April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Chandler : Wow, he looks so normal.
Chandler : Funniest? Heckles?
Chandler : Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
Chandler : Whoa!
Chandler : Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
Chandler : I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Chandler : Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Chandler : Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Chandler : What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Chandler : How do you know that? How?
Chandler : You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
Chandler : Yeah, I understand.
Chandler : You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.
Chandler : (on phone) Hi, it's me.
Chandler : Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
Chandler : Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Chandler : Oh, my, god!
Chandler : Janice, you're--
Chandler : Is it--?
Chandler : Congratulations.
Chandler : You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?
Chandler : Neat. I'm gonna die alone.
Chandler : Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Chandler : If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y=know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Chandler : Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
Chandler : In a bad way?
Chandler : Whoa! Don't know about that.
Chandler : Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Chandler : I'll take that.
Chandler : Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Chandler : Takin' that with you, huh?
Chandler : Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
Chandler : Sure. (My god, that's a big head! It didn't look this big in the office. Maybe it's the lighting. My head must look like a golf ball at work. All right, don't get hung up on it, quick, quick, list five things you like about
Chandler : Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. (phone rings)
Chandler : No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned. Machine Joey's
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Bob here.
Chandler : (on phone) What've you been up to?
Chandler : Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. (to Ross) I love her.
Chandler : I'm back.
Chandler : Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
Chandler : Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.
Chandler : I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
Chandler : Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this.
Chandler : Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Chandler : Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.
Chandler : Look guys, I know it's a little steep.
Chandler : But it's Ross.
Chandler : I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.
Chandler : You know, I think I might just.
Chandler : Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
Chandler : We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Chandler : All right.
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
Chandler : Whoever stood you up is a jerk.
Chandler : I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
Chandler : No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today.
Chandler : Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. (to Ross) I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
Chandler : Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
Chandler : I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.
Chandler : Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
Chandler : Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
Chandler : You can tell us.
Chandler : We can talk about that.
Chandler : So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
Chandler : No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.
Chandler : Together.
Chandler : So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?
Chandler : Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?
Chandler : By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
Chandler : Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!
Chandler : If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
Chandler : Why did you look at me when you said that?
Chandler : Fine.
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
Chandler : Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Chandler : Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign. (phone rings)
Chandler : I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
Chandler : Bob here.
Chandler : So, uh, you met someone, huh?
Chandler : So, uh, how was he?
Chandler : Eh?
Chandler : Well, that makes me feel so good.
Chandler : Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
Chandler : So, let's go.
Chandler : Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.
Chandler : I can't believe the guys missed this.
Chandler : Chandler.
Chandler : Yeah, we really missed you guys.
Chandler : Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.
Chandler : I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
Chandler : I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
Chandler : Yes.
Chandler : No.
Chandler : OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
Chandler : Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
Chandler : Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?
Chandler : Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
Chandler : Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
Chandler : OK, let's do it. [Monica looks at him funny] What?
Chandler : And we're changing. [jogs back in his apartment] [Cut to the city street. Monica and Chandler are jogging. Chandler is lagging behind so he hops in a cab and takes off, leaving Monica behind]
Chandler : [weakly] No.
Chandler : One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
Chandler : [slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [Joey intercepts the cup and puts it down for him]. She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore. [Phoebe enters.]
Chandler : Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and smack her with it.
Chandler : So you really OK about all this?
Chandler : No, no, no, no, no, no [opens door to Monica] No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
Chandler : Because it's Sunday. It's God's day.
Chandler : OK, stop.
Chandler : Monica, it's
Chandler : OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.
Chandler : Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
Chandler : I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.
Chandler : You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
Chandler : And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.
Chandler : I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.
Chandler : So, you feel like goin' for a run?
Chandler : Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.
Chandler : All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Chandler : [doggedly] Games and stuff.
Chandler : Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
Chandler : Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Chandler : Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Chandler : No, Amish boy.
Chandler : Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Chandler : Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?
Chandler : I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek? [Ross enters with a melancholy look.]
Chandler : [in phone] So, Spock actually hugs his father? [Rachel enters.]
Chandler : Ohhh.
Chandler : [nervous] What? Nothing. [Chandler closes up the laptop computer screen.]
Chandler : No, no, see? See? [the printer starts to run] Hey, it's printing. [to Joey, rattled] Hey, it's printing! [Chandler rips off the sheet of paper from the printer.]
Chandler : Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.
Chandler : [through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Chandler : Good luck. [Chandler and Joey leave quickly.]
Chandler : My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.
Chandler : Oh good, I was hoping that would come up.
Chandler : [squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.
Chandler : All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?
Chandler : What are you doing out there?
Chandler : Look, maybe we should go?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Chandler : And twenty-five it is.
Chandler : Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?
Chandler : Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year. [Ross enters with several bags from shopping.]
Chandler : What's in the bag?
Chandler : Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
Chandler : Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Chandler : Who said anything about Christmas? [Monica and Ross enter.]
Chandler : So whaddya got there Monica?
Chandler : Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Chandler : Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Chandler : Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time. [Phoebe drives up in the cab]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Eeeshk.
Chandler : OK.
Chandler : OK. [reads paper] Brake left, gas right?
Chandler : [grabs for seat belt] Where's my seat belt?
Chandler : [Chandler gets in the back seat] Hey!
Chandler : Oh, so that's what this is for.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Alright.
Chandler : Alright, we're gettin' closer.
Chandler : Well, so why not go knock?
Chandler : Yeah, and someday when you're ready, you'll make it past the hedges.
Chandler : Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.
Chandler : Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!
Chandler : Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone. [Ross and Phoebe hug, Monica and Rachel hug, Chandler is left standing]
Chandler : OK, Phoebs, your turn.
Chandler : And, a lemon lime.
Chandler : And last but not least. [Chandler and Joey give Monica a pack of condoms.]
Chandler : OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs, read yours.
Chandler : Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.
Chandler : I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Guess who's back in show business.
Chandler : No, no, Phoebs. You know why? Cause he's dead.
Chandler : OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.
Chandler : Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Chandler : Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.
Chandler : [turning around] Hey Ross.... bahhhh!
Chandler : [to Phoebe] Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK. [introducing Russ and Ross] Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.
Chandler : You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.
Chandler : Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating?
Chandler : Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : [not knowing how to react] Oh my... God?
Chandler : So, what're you gonna do?
Chandler : Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
Chandler : Well is she... [reaches into the cookie jar for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with pasta sauce]
Chandler : It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Chandler : Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Chandler : Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Chandler : Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
Chandler : And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues. [Phoebe and Rachel are at the counter talking.]
Chandler : OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
Chandler : No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Chandler : Me.
Chandler : It's my game. You want the job or not? [Monica enters from her bedroom.]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant. [Joey enters.]
Chandler : So what'd you do?
Chandler : Oh, hey.
Chandler : Yeah, I'm sorry man.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : [singing to the tune of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood] Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Chandler : Whoa, she's pretty.
Chandler : Oh, ok.
Chandler : Nice!
Chandler : For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something. [Monica and Rachel's]
Chandler : That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.
Chandler : Oh, yeah.
Chandler : That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get.
Chandler : Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
Chandler : Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?
Chandler : Believe me, sometimes that happens. Mrs.
Chandler : You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Chandler : Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet. Mr.
Chandler : Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles.
Chandler : Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon. [knock at the door]
Chandler : Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding. [Wedding music starts, Phoebe noisily unwraps a piece of candy.]
Chandler : Oh, yeah?
Chandler : [to an attractive woman] I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right? [The woman walks away]
Chandler : [to the woman who just rejected him] All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people. [She walks away again.] [at Monica and Rachel's]
Chandler : Isn't Ben in this?
Chandler : Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem. OPENING TITLES
Chandler : Rhythm?
Chandler : You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion. [Rob (Chris Isaac) enters]
Chandler : Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves. [both laugh hysterically] [door buzzer goes off]
Chandler : Hello.
Chandler : [Joey grabs a frying pan] Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.
Chandler : The one time they're not home.
Chandler : That's how radio stars escape stalkers.
Chandler : Wait, wait, wait. [Opens the top of the dish soap he's holding] [Joey opens the door and sees Erica (Brooke Shields). Joey gets a huge smile and Chandler squeezed the dish soap in the air.]
Chandler : Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? Rachel and
Chandler : Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.
Chandler : Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
Chandler : Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Chandler : Very informative!
Chandler : That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales.
Chandler : And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard. [throws water in his face]
Chandler : What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre? Security
Chandler : [to guys wering yellow isolation suits] So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid. Director's
Chandler : [to an extra in fatigues] Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Chandler : Ahhhh.
Chandler : Uh, yes, yes it is.
Chandler : Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Chandler : Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Chandler : Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Chandler : Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore. [cut to Monica and Rachel walking through the set]
Chandler : No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
Chandler : OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money. [a voice in the background calls for makeup]
Chandler : Oh uh, o, OK.
Chandler : Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
Chandler : No one was around to hear that? [back to Rachel and Monica]
Chandler : Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.
Chandler : Like, when you're cooking a steak.
Chandler : Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?
Chandler : OK, then, eat me, I'm done.
Chandler : I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Chandler : Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
Chandler : Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.
Chandler : Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
Chandler : You want me to wear your panties?
Chandler : Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.
Chandler : I'm hangin in. . . and a little out.
Chandler : Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
Chandler : Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa [Susie grabs him under the table] They do have the shrimp.
Chandler : I'm going to the bathroom now. [leaves for the bathroom] [In the bathroom Susie and Chandler are kissing. She backs into a stall.]
Chandler : I can't believe we're doing this.
Chandler : Alrighty. [we see Chandler's pants drop from under the stall door]
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Oh.
Chandler : OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Chandler : Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right?
Chandler : OK. [She turns him facing the toilet and sneaks out of the stall and gathers up his clothes.]
Chandler : Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie.
Chandler : Huh? Where, whaddya mean?
Chandler : What, what's what you mean?
Chandler : That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Chandler : Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
Chandler : Joey?
Chandler : Joey!
Chandler : Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.
Chandler : Not exactly. . . I'm wearin panties.
Chandler : No, no, this is the first time.
Chandler : I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.
Chandler : No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever.
Chandler : No, no, you don't have to see.
Chandler : Alright, one of you give me your underpants.
Chandler : How can you not be wearing any underwear?
Chandler : Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants. [Some guy has entered.]
Chandler : Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you?
Chandler : How long you been waitin' to say that?
Chandler : Hey. Hold on a second. [shoots a goal] Huh?
Chandler : What's this?
Chandler : Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
Chandler : Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.
Chandler : Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an incredibly gaudy gold bracelet] Wow, I, I don't know what to say.
Chandler : I don't know. It's a bracelet.
Chandler : [reads] To my best bud. [puts it back in the case] Thanks best bud.
Chandler : Oh, now? [puts it in his desk drawer] No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion. [sets a chair in front of the drawer]
Chandler : I so am.
Chandler : Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track. OPENING TITLES
Chandler : Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Chandler : Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
Chandler : Hey, you feelin' better?
Chandler : Ya know, the man's got a point. [gestures with his arm and the bracelet falls off]
Chandler : That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
Chandler : No, I'm alright, thanks.
Chandler : [walks over to the woman] I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.
Chandler : Chandler. [waves his arm around, exposing the bracelet]
Chandler : What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Chandler : Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]
Chandler : I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. [Joey turns around and walks out without saying anything] That's actually good.
Chandler : Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? [Throws a basketball to Joey. Joey doesn't move to catch it and the ball takes out a lamp] OK, that's my bad.
Chandler : Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Chandler : OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to his room and shuts the door] Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . [notices the bracelet is missing from his wrist] wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. [he starts searching the room, lifting up the couch cushions]
Chandler : I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . . [Joey returns to his room]
Chandler : I can't believe it.
Chandler : Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay. [sits down at the bar]
Chandler : What am I gonna do, huh? [Joey walks in behind him]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Well this one's for you.
Chandler : No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, [puts bracelet on Joey] it's about you and me and the fact that we're [reading bracelet] best buds.
Chandler : That's what they'll call us.
Chandler : Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
Chandler : OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
Chandler : Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Chandler : Work on your music? [Ross is sitting on the stairs with a laptop keyboard playing 'Axel-F']
Chandler : Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.
Chandler : Sweet mother of all that is good and pure.
Chandler : Congratulations!
Chandler : Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Chandler : So uh, which one is mine?
Chandler : [sits down] Ohh yes.
Chandler : [reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?
Chandler : Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
Chandler : Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Chandler : I'll cancel the sodas.
Chandler : You got a Cheeto on your face man.[Joey removes the Cheeto and eats it] [Ross enters]
Chandler : So how'd it go?
Chandler : Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
Chandler : It's the Miracle Wax.
Chandler : Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice. [Rachel and Ross go out in the hall]
Chandler : Could you get us a couple of beers?
Chandler : She's one of us now. [Rachel and Ross enter]
Chandler : Well maybe he was nervous.
Chandler : Yeah. [feels the floor] Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time.
Chandler : That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. [Joey finishes his cereal, licks his spoon, and puts it back in the silverware drawer.]
Chandler : Waaa-aaah.
Chandler : The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
Chandler : Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheepish look] You used my toothbrush?
Chandler : Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
Chandler : Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning.
Chandler : Hey. Monica and
Chandler : Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos?
Chandler : Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?
Chandler : Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?
Chandler : I know, this is a great apartment.
Chandler : Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously. Joey's
Chandler : [being left behind] Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.
Chandler : Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.
Chandler : Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
Chandler : Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
Chandler : Well then maybe you should take it.
Chandler : Fine with me.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Yeah me too.
Chandler : Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. . .
Chandler : So I got ya something. [tosses Joey a bag of plastic spoons]
Chandler : Lick away my man.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place?
Chandler : Well I didn't think that was serious. [grabs the spoons back] Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
Chandler : Well, there you go.
Chandler : Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
Chandler : I did pay for half of it.
Chandler : Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it.
Chandler : Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
Chandler : Stop talkin' to your men. [Joey scores]
Chandler : Congratulations. [Chandler leaves]
Chandler : Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . [Chandler gives him a look] except when we are here.
Chandler : [quietly] Yeah, I remember.
Chandler : So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?
Chandler : Thanks.
Chandler : Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so. [Joey walks to the door. He stops, turns around.]
Chandler : Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Chandler : Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
Chandler : So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy. [Joey's apartment, phone rings]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.
Chandler : Yeah well, I hear the place looks great.
Chandler : Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.
Chandler : Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey.
Chandler : That's right my friend. It's time for...
Chandler : I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant.
Chandler : Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?
Chandler : See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.
Chandler : But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
Chandler : But...
Chandler : So uhh, how's the palace?
Chandler : Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.
Chandler : Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
Chandler : Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
Chandler : Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I... have it to spare.
Chandler : Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?
Chandler : Morning.
Chandler : Oh it's uh, over there on the table.
Chandler : No, Eddie likes to keep it over there.
Chandler : Oh, ooh.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
Chandler : See ya. [Eddie leaves]
Chandler : Oh, I couldn't be happier.
Chandler : There's another carton right over there.
Chandler : Alright, so what's it about?
Chandler : Well I like both eggs equally.
Chandler : Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?
Chandler : Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
Chandler : [stares in disbeliefe] Yeah o-, OK, alright. [oven timer goes off] Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.
Chandler : You don't like that show?
Chandler : Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.
Chandler : Oh o-, OK man. [Joey's place. He's watching Baywatch, lauging. He goes to say something to Chandler in the other chair but no one's there. He goes to call Chandler but decides not to.] [Chandler's. He's playing foosball by himself.] [Joey's. Playing ping pong by himself.] [All by myself is playing. Chandler is sitting in front of a window while it's raining outside. We see Joey through a rainy window. The camera zooms out to show it's just his tabletop water sculpture.] CLOSING CREDITS
Chandler : [reluctantly sings] You're obviously not their favorite pet.
Chandler : God that is good TV. OPENING TITLES
Chandler : Phoebs, play with meeee.
Chandler : Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Chandler : Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.
Chandler : No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.
Chandler : We don't need to remedy that.
Chandler : That was so lame.
Chandler : So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
Chandler : What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
Chandler : Well it's not Sean Penn.
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?
Chandler : Oh, oh, c'mon in.
Chandler : Oh.
Chandler : Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
Chandler : Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...
Chandler : Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie.
Chandler : Bye. [Tilly leaves]
Chandler : So, we gettin' a fish?
Chandler : Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.
Chandler : This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
Chandler : Buddy?
Chandler : There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Chandler : Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's shoulder] Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon? [picks up the fruit an tosses it to Eddie, it hits Eddie in the chest and falls]
Chandler : So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.
Chandler : Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.
Chandler : Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.
Chandler : Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.
Chandler : We're worried about you.
Chandler : We came over as soon as we saw.
Chandler : It's gonna be ok. You know that?
Chandler : I'm sorry man.
Chandler : Uhhhaahh.
Chandler : Yeah alright. What're these, raisins?
Chandler : [throws it across the room while Eddie's not looking] Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
Chandler : [looks in the fish bowl to see a fish cracker] Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
Chandler : Ok, good night. [walks towards his room] You big freak of nature. CLOSING CREDITS
Chandler : Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : I can't sleep now.
Chandler : No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.
Chandler : Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.
Chandler : I didn't realize that.
Chandler : GET OUT NOW!!
Chandler : Yes please.
Chandler : I want you out.
Chandler : Where did you hear it from before?
Chandler : Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?
Chandler : Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?
Chandler : Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
Chandler : Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Chandler : Your last roommate's kidney?
Chandler : Daaahhhh!
Chandler : Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.
Chandler : Uuuh.
Chandler : Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Chandler : You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!
Chandler : Uh-huh.
Chandler : This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
Chandler : You want some help.
Chandler : [enters] Ding dong, the psycho's gone.
Chandler : Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STandING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Chandler : Our next cocktail party?
Chandler : Eddie, do you remember yesterday?
Chandler : Do you remember talking to me yesterday?
Chandler : So what happened?
Chandler : Oh sweet Moses.
Chandler : May I help you?
Chandler : Well, I'm, I'm sorry...[Eddie forces his head in the door] Ahhh. Have we met?
Chandler : I, I'm sorry, I uh [unchains the door and opens it all the way] I already have a roommate. [Joey turns around in the leather recliner]
Chandler : Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
Chandler : Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.
Chandler : See ya. [shuts the door] Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Chandler : Welcome home man. [they hug and jump around]
Chandler : Absolutely.
Chandler : Ah that's a cantelope. CLOSING CREDITS
Chandler : Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
Chandler : I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
Chandler : Huh. [They all turn, sulk, and slowly walk out.] OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : Morning.
Chandler : Yeah. Like there's any way I could ever do that. [Janice walks in, holding a bottle a syrup and singing.]
Chandler : Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me?
Chandler : I cannot believe I'm going out with somebody who's getting divorced. I'm such a grown-up.
Chandler : Well, maybe I won't kiss you and then you'll have to stay.
Chandler : Nope. Not this time.
Chandler : I'm not yanking you.
Chandler : Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
Chandler : [looking directly at Joey without blinking] I'm not breaking up with her. [Joey stares at Chandler in disbelief. Then he blows in Chandler's eyes to force him to blink. Chandler jumps back.]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Of
Chandler : You know, you should really go on this show. Alright, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What do you say?
Chandler : No. Janice.
Chandler : You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you have a problem with Janice?
Chandler : Eww, that girl that I hate. Eww, drives me crazy. Eww! Eww! Ohh.
Chandler : Well, there you go.
Chandler : Yeah, well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital "R", capital "T". [Joey gets a confused look on his face.] Don't worry; those are the right letters.
Chandler : I want you to say that you like her.
Chandler : Thanks for trying. [he takes the tickets from Joey's hand and turns to leave] Oh, and by the way, there is no Count Rushmore! [slams the door]
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Girth? Why why why why why why would they do this?
Chandler : We're not gonna talk about girth, are we?
Chandler : Yeah. Okay. You go first.
Chandler : Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
Chandler : Okay. Well, you know, when you're in bed with a woman. And uh, your foolin around with her and you get all these mental images in your brain. Like Elle McPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place.
Chandler : Yeah. And then, all of a sudden, your mom pops in your head. And you're like, "Mom, get out of here." You know, but after that, you can't possibly think of anything else. And you can't stop what you're doing, so it's kind of like, you're, you know, you know. [Ross stares at him, shocked] You don't know.
Chandler : Hey. What are you guys doing together?
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : You still can't stand her, can you?
Chandler : Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
Chandler : I guess that's something.
Chandler : [unimpressed] Okay.
Chandler : Oh god.
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Taste it.
Chandler : Yeah, I know. I did that two minutes ago. [Ross walks in, wearing a tuxedo.]
Chandler : Hey, Mr. Tux.
Chandler : Alright, I took the quiz and it turns out, I do put career before men. [to Joey, sitting in the chair] Get up.
Chandler : You're in my seat.
Chandler : Cause I was sitting there.
Chandler : Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom. You knew I was coming back.
Chandler : The big deal is I was sitting there last. So, it's my seat.
Chandler : [to Ross] Alright, Ross, I just have to do one thing really quickly, it's not a big deal, [to Joey, still in the chair] GET UP! [Monica comes into the apartment carrying a couple bags.]
Chandler : Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called "Get Up."
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Honey, you did call him back cause it's really old.
Chandler : [to Joey] You know what, okay, fine, don't get up. You just sit right there. I just hope you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. [places his hand directly in front of Joey's face] Oh, look, not touching, can't get mad. Not touching, can't get mad. Not touching, can't get mad. [While Joey is moving around, Chandler is moving his hand around to get in front of Joey's face. Inadvertently, the horseplay gets rough and Joey's hand hits Chandler's arm, sending hummus toward Phoebe, landing on her dress near her left shoulder.]
Chandler : Maybe he's calling to say you're obsessive and crazy.
Chandler : [to Joey] Alright, fine. You know what? We'll both sit in the chair.
Chandler : I am so comfortable.
Chandler : Alright. [Chandler jumps up off Joey]
Chandler : Alright, fine, I'm going. But when I get back, it's Chair City and I'm the guy who's... sitting in the chair! [barges out]
Chandler : Maybe it was his sister's. You know. Maybe it was his daughter's.
Chandler : [to Joey, still sitting in the chair] Alright, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So, in the words of A.A. Milne, "get out of my chair, dillhole."
Chandler : What are you doing?
Chandler : The cushions are the essence of the chair!
Chandler : Ho-ho, he'll be back. [seeing no one around] Ho-ho, there's nobody in the room.
Chandler : [to Ross] We used them as pillows when we went camping.
Chandler : The sheep.
Chandler : He took my essence!
Chandler : Well, then it looks like somebody is going to have to give somebody back his cushions.
Chandler : What? Are you gonna show me my clothes?
Chandler : He's got nothing!
Chandler : What are you supporting?
Chandler : Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place. [Monica dials Michelle's number and switches the phone over to speaker.]
Chandler : [to Phoebe] Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he getting out of the shower, he always pulls a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Chandler : You got a phone in there, right?
Chandler : [coming out of back bedroom] Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that? [Just then, Joey barges in wearing several pairs of pants and shorts, a bunch of shirts, and a lot of ties.]
Chandler : Oh my god, that is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!
Chandler : [choked groaning] Oooohhh.
Chandler : Geez, what a baby.
Chandler : [to Joey] Stop it! Stop it!
Chandler : Excuse me. Hi. Mr.
Chandler : You're kinda sitting in my seat. Mr.
Chandler : I meant I was sitting there. Mr.
Chandler : But I never left the room. Mr.
Chandler : (to Janice) Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Chandler : What a wank!
Chandler : (leaning in) I'll go.
Chandler : See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig.
Chandler : Knock, knock.
Chandler : Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. (enters and sees the bed) Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
Chandler : Okay. (to Monica) It's a racecar.
Chandler : Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Chandler : You told him to play the boxer gay!!
Chandler : You totally screwed him over.
Chandler : Oh my God! Oh my God!
Chandler : Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Chandler : He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.
Chandler : All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
Chandler : Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it! [Monica's Bedroom, Monica and Phoebe are waxing their legs.]
Chandler : Off?!!
Chandler : Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Chandler : Oh, that's mature.
Chandler : Nothing, nothing.
Chandler : Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
Chandler : (to Joey) He has sex, and we get hit in our heads. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : Uh-oh. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : She was not good. Not good.
Chandler : Uh-oh. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : Yeah, never cheat on Rachel. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Chandler : (handing Monica the wax) Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever. [Later, Phoebe is on the phone, they're all still trapped in Monica's bedroom.]
Chandler : Oh great, food with hair on it.
Chandler : Because that would be crazy? [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : Yeah, come on, it's Ross and Rachel, they've got too.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Are you actually saying these words? [Later, in the living room, Rachel is sitting on the couch, Ross is on the chair.]
Chandler : Let's go. [Cut to Living Room, Rachel is sleeping on the couch, Ross is gone, the rest of them can finally emerge from their cell. They all wave good bye, and start to walk quietly out, as Monica goes and puts a blanket on Rachel. Joey starts walking all hunched over and bobbing his shoulders as he goes.]
Chandler : (to Joey) Is that your new walk?
Chandler : (to Monica) (in a funny voice) Hi there. (Monica turns her head away in disgust)
Chandler : (jumping up) Oh, I?ll go out and get you some.
Chandler : Nope! Because I?m not your boyfriend. (to Phoebe, who?s entering) Hey Pheebs, how did it go?
Chandler : I found a dried up seashores.
Chandler : All right, there?s a nuclear holocaust, I?m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Chandler : I?ve got canned goods.
Chandler : Excellent hole, Joe. (A wave crashes on the beach and partially fills up his hole.)
Chandler : Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?!
Chandler : We?ve got to do something!
Chandler : Y'know what, he?s right. There?s something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Chandler : Me too!!
Chandler : Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I?m gonna break up with you!
Chandler : Look, Ross, you have what you want, you?re back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you?re gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Chandler : (jumping up) Hey! Phoebe! We can talk to Phoebe!!
Chandler : I?ll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.
Chandler : (running over and joining Monica) They?ll never understand!
Chandler : (following Monica) We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn?t think we could make it. (He goes to put his hands on Monica?s shoulders but for some reason can quite complete the action and pulls back.)
Chandler : And then Joey remembered something.
Chandler : (wails loudly into his hands) Joey kept screaming at me, ?Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!? Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Chandler : (entering with Joey) (to Monica) Coffee house?
Chandler : I KNEW IT!!!! CLOSING CREDITS
Chandler : We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
Chandler : Okay. All right.
Chandler : Wow! That ripped! That ripped real nice!
Chandler : You don?t turn and slide, you throw it out! I?m tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
Chandler : All right, how about we, how ?bout we sell it.
Chandler : (nods his head) Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? (to Joey) They seem all right with it! OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
Chandler : (reading the ad) Stunning entertainment center. Fine, (pause) fine Italian craftsmanship. (Joey is very proud of himself)
Chandler : You want it? Phoebe and
Chandler : Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?
Chandler : All right look, I?m changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
Chandler : (looks at him) Nooo.
Chandler : I can?t believe you don?t know what I do for a living!
Chandler : (interrupting) Let it go!!
Chandler : Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
Chandler : You?ll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.
Chandler : Y'know, I, I really don?t think we need a canoe.
Chandler : All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
Chandler : Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he?s wrong.
Chandler : Oh-no, he?s right. COMMERCIAL BREAK
Chandler : I?m coming already!!
Chandler : OH MY GOD!!!
Chandler : Are you all right?!
Chandler : (lets him out) What happened?!!
Chandler : What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Chandler : So--You got in voluntarily?!
Chandler : BEND OVER?!!!
Chandler : Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
Chandler : Oh, they said uh, ?You don?t have insurance here, so stop calling us.?
Chandler : Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we?d really appreciate it. (Joey nods in agreement)
Chandler : Oh no-no-no, I?m, I?m paddling away!
Chandler : Wow! Really?! We get all this rusty crap for free?!
Chandler : Could we be more white trash? OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.
Chandler : Well, no, actually she uh, asked me if I wanted to get a drink.
Chandler : (laughs) No. No!
Chandler : Well, not at first.
Chandler : Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level. (Joey creaks louder)
Chandler : Oh, come on! It?s not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I?m pretty much just in there by myself. (Joey makes a sound imitating one person making a bed creak and Chandler turns and glares at him.)
Chandler : Okay, I promise, I?ll end it.
Chandler : I hope you know what I?m giving up for ya, because she?s not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
Chandler : ?it was like the Algonquin kids table. (They all laugh, but Joey only laughs not to be left out.) [Cut back to the present day.] The
Chandler : It just doesn?t?feel like we?re breaking up.
Chandler : Okay. (They start kissing again, but are interrupted by the phone.
Chandler : Thanks.
Chandler : Okay. (Starts to button up his shirt)
Chandler : I?m getting dressed.
Chandler : When I walk outside naked people throw garbage at me.
Chandler : What is it?
Chandler : Ah-ha, you?re not the boss of me. (She kisses him) Yeah, you are! (She handcuffs him to the chair) Ooh, saucy.
Chandler : You are, you?re gonna leave me like this?
Chandler : Okay. But if you don?t come back soon, (She leaves and closes the door) there?s pretty much nothing I can do about it! [Cut to Joanna?s outer office, where Rachel and Sophie work. They are both coming back from lunch.]
Chandler : Hi! (to Sophie) How are you? (Rachel and Sophie both back out and close the door without saying anything. COMMERCIAL BREAK
Chandler : Hello, Joanna?(Realises he doesn?t know her last name)??s office.
Chandler : How little?!
Chandler : Look, this isn?t funny! You get back here right now!
Chandler : Why not?!
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : (in a serious, businesslike tone) Rachel, could I see you for a moment? (Rachel goes into talk to Chandler.)
Chandler : Okay, here?s the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
Chandler : I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
Chandler : It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
Chandler : No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can?t get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I?m cold, and (Stops and looks up the skirt on a statue behind Joanna?s desk.)
Chandler : Never!
Chandler : Fine!
Chandler : I?never borrowed your Walkman.
Chandler : You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great! (Rachel goes over and unlocks the handcuffs) Ahhh! (He starts rubbing his wrist)
Chandler : No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. (He runs over to where his pants are hanging) Hello sweet pants!
Chandler : About what?
Chandler : I?ll make something up! I?m good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Chandler : Oh-ho-ho, I don?t think so! (He starts to put his pants on, but Rachel manages to drag him to the chair. When they get to the chair, Chandler drops his pants and knocks the chair away. Rachel then backs him up and locks him to the top drawer of a filing cabinet.)
Chandler : Well, this is much better.
Chandler : Hey, look, you?re in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she?s gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
Chandler : It still wouldn?t be clean. (Rachel makes an ?Eww, disgusting!? face) All I want is my freedom.
Chandler : Freedom!
Chandler : Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won?t you here me?! (Opens the door) Sophie, help me! Help me!! (Sophie stands up)
Chandler : I?m gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just? (He moves his arm which opens the drawer and hits in the back of the head, which proves his point.)
Chandler : No!
Chandler : With extra pulp?
Chandler : No!
Chandler : You don?t have it.
Chandler : How do Monica and Phoebe know?
Chandler : (intrigued) Go on.
Chandler : And Milton Berle has a?
Chandler : (hello) Hello. Joey, Rachel, and
Chandler : (to Rachel) I love you. (Kisses her on the forehead)
Chandler : (checks his watch) Two hours, that lasted!
Chandler : I think so.
Chandler : Could there be more Kims? (They all laugh and Joey joins them, not to be left out. When the laughing dies down, he has a depressed look on his face.) CLOSING CREDITS
Chandler : Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn?t say ?cool? anymore.
Chandler : Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I?ve missed the last 1200 times.
Chandler : You don?t think I?ve tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Chandler : Oh Maria. You can?t say no to her, she?s like this lycra spandex covered gym?treat.
Chandler : No!
Chandler : Oh no, you?ll have to come.
Chandler : Why don?t you just give him to somebody else?
Chandler : Because that?s the only part of you he can see when he?s on the table!
Chandler : Yes. (In a stronger voice) Yes!
Chandler : No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
Chandler : Okay. (They go inside) (To the guy at the desk) I wanna quit the gym. Gym
Chandler : I wanna quit the gym. Gym
Chandler : (He turns to Ross and Ross makes a ?Be strong? sound.) I wanna quit the gym. Gym
Chandler : (horrified at the prospect of trying to quit alone and unsure about himself) I wanna quit the gym.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : No, I almost did, couldn?t leave Ross there without a spotter!
Chandler : We?re doomed. Okay, they?re gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Chandler : You?re a genius!
Chandler : Now, there?s two reasons.
Chandler : Thank you, Joey.
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : No, we?d just like to close them. Bank
Chandler : I wanna quit the bank!
Chandler : To pay for the gym. (Phoebe enters)
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Yeah? Bunny-rabbit.
Chandler : Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
Chandler : I could die.
Chandler : I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
Chandler : Hey! (Phoebe sneezes)
Chandler : All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
Chandler : (gets up) (softly) Wish me luck.
Chandler : Wish it! (To the woman, Kathy, he likes) Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Chandler : Uh Kathy, with K or a C?
Chandler : Oh-oh-hey!
Chandler : Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Chandler : Hey! Hey, hey-hey, hey. (Joey kisses Kathy.)
Chandler : Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Chandler : (sees Kathy is up watching TV) Hi!
Chandler : Jeez, at
Chandler : Oh my God! That's why I got up too!
Chandler : Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
Chandler : So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.
Chandler : That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Chandler : Is it on?
Chandler : Hey! (Runs over and gets his wonder broom)
Chandler : Oh! It's on! It's on! (Chandler jumps into the canoe and sits down. The chick starts chirping and Chandler reaches down to pick him up.)
Chandler : There we go little fella.
Chandler : Well the duck can swim.
Chandler : Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.
Chandler : She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
Chandler : No, I don't.
Chandler : Thank you, Ross.
Chandler : All right.
Chandler : All right.
Chandler : Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy! (She doesn't hear him and keeps running, Chandler starts chasing her as the theme to The Mod Squad starts to play. First, a car almost hits him and then gets mustard splashed on him as he runs by a hot dog vendor.) Kathy! (He keeps running and gets tangled up in the leashes of five dogs, in desperation he throws his paper.) Fetch! Fetch it! (He frees himself and resumes the chase) Kathy! Kathy! Kathy! (He now trips and falls into a pile of garbage, he tries to get up and scream her name again but he has a piece of spinach in his mouth. He gets out of the garbage and starts crossing the street by running over the hoods of a couple of cabs.) Kathy! (He jumps in front of her and out of breath he says) Kathy.
Chandler : Oh, I just wanted to say, "Hey!"
Chandler : Okay. (He walks away disgusted with himself.) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Chandler : (entering) Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
Chandler : I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person. (he waits for a reaction, when he doesn't get one) No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
Chandler : Really?!
Chandler : (laughs) Right in there!
Chandler : 99...100! Ready or not, here I come! (He opens his eyes and sees that the chick and the duck are still sitting in front of him) All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Ohh, umm, y'know what, I already ate.
Chandler : Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
Chandler : You-you do?
Chandler : You got me.
Chandler : Yeah. Right.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Ohh, she's-she's not really my type.
Chandler : Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Chandler : Uhh, no-no thanks.
Chandler : Listen, I-I'm gonna grab a beer. (Leaves)
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Hey, look, what do you want from me?
Chandler : I am pretending.
Chandler : Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? (Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Chandler : Can I sleep on your couch? (Monica nods `Yes.' And they both walk to the couch looking all depressed.) CLOSING CREDITS
Chandler : Ross and the most beautiful girl in the world.
Chandler : Where did you, when did you, how did you... (Joey hits the back of Chandler's head) How did you get a girl like that?
Chandler : Okay, but that's, like, the easiest era.
Chandler : Hi. You guys have any wrapping paper?
Chandler : Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago.
Chandler : Well, I have a call in about that.
Chandler : Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
Chandler : Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
Chandler : Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
Chandler : It doesn't say that. Does it?
Chandler : Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
Chandler : It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. (Kathy goes into the bathroom.) Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
Chandler : (confused) Sure...
Chandler : I don't know... um, Grease?
Chandler : Rent?
Chandler : Okay, so when do you want to go?
Chandler : Yes, it is, at Office Max.
Chandler : A pen.
Chandler : Huh-huh! You can't give her that.
Chandler : Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!
Chandler : All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday?
Chandler : For three years?
Chandler : All right. I will go out and I will try to find something for her, okay?
Chandler : Would you like me to write her a little poem as well?
Chandler : Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.
Chandler : Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." (Motions to an imaginary pile of presents next to him.) Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
Chandler : She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
Chandler : Yeah? You don't think it's just pathetic?
Chandler : Where?
Chandler : I got something for her. (Joey picks up the package, shakes it next to his ear, can't hear anything, switches ears, shakes it again.) It's a book!
Chandler : No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
Chandler : No, it came out to an even twenty.
Chandler : Hey, how'd it go? How'd she like the gift?
Chandler : Oh yeah? That's great!
Chandler : [nodding, with mixed feelings] Aahhuuhhh.... [Kathy enters]
Chandler : Hey! Happy birthday.
Chandler : No he didn't. [Moving it back.]
Chandler : Happy birthday! I'm sorry.
Chandler : See, you think it's just a pen, but then you turn it over and it's also a clock.
Chandler : Oh, yeah... yeah.
Chandler : [to Kathy] Goodnight.
Chandler : Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exact time.
Chandler : Uh, the book?
Chandler : What do you mean?
Chandler : (tongue-tied) Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
Chandler : Oh, yeah, he's my... he's my best friend.
Chandler : Goodnight. (Goes to his room.)
Chandler : (entering in a bathrobe) I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
Chandler : It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it?s bad enough that I?m in love with my roommates girlfriend?which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we?re in the room together there?s this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I?ve seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she?s smooth! Smooth! (leaves) (Pause)
Chandler : (rushing up) Hey-Hey-Hey! Who was that?
Chandler : Goin? out, huh? Wow! Wow! (Does a little celebration dance) So things didn?t work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
Chandler : (shocked) What?
Chandler : Wait! You?re going out with Kathy!
Chandler : Well, I?m upset?for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you. (He can?t believe he just sad that.)
Chandler : Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she?s-she?s smart, and funny, and gets you.
Chandler : All right look, I think it?s time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Chandler : All right! Bring it on, you?
Chandler : (interrupting) Oh my God! Play! (Ross starts to play. He plays a key that has a back beat sound attached to it. Over the background music he plays the sound of a barking dog, a mooing cow, a laser beam, someone coughing, a jackhammer, a doorbell, a police siren, a ray gun, breaking dishes, and for a closer he plays the sound of a loud crash. Basically, the music sucks.)
Chandler : Really, bitchin?!
Chandler : You mean like, music?
Chandler : Yeah, I know what you?re thinkin?! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy. (There?s a knock on the door.)
Chandler : Come in!
Chandler : Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles.
Chandler : No-no, he?s not back yet, but he?ll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
Chandler : I like it in the stern. (Realizes what he just said.) ?of the boat. (The phone rings, and he answers it.) (on phone) Hello.
Chandler : What happened?
Chandler : Why can?t you tell her?
Chandler : Joey! Joey!!
Chandler : I thought your time ran out.
Chandler : (to Kathy) Uhh, that was Joey. He?s running a little late, he says he?s sorry.
Chandler : So I guess it?s just uh, you and me then.
Chandler : Yeah, I think it is!
Chandler : Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut?
Chandler : ?and then it got canceled.
Chandler : Really?! You do that?
Chandler : Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don?t make my tail too poofy. [Cut to later, Kathy is cutting Chandler?s hair.]
Chandler : Well, thanks. I grow it myself. (Kathy is running her fingers through his hair, and Chandler catches himself enjoying it too much.) Y?know who also has great hair is Joey!
Chandler : What-what ?cha doin??
Chandler : ?Kay.
Chandler : (jumping up to answer the phone) Oh the phone! The phone?s making sounds! (On phone) Hello!
Chandler : Hey it?s Joey!
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Oh yeah man. (to Kathy) Joey. (Hands her the phone.)
Chandler : Yeah. Yes! Yeah. (Kathy leaves and Chandler groans in agony. Kathy knocks on the door and Chandler opens it.)
Chandler : Oh. (They kiss, passionately.)
Chandler : No-no-no-no, this is bad! It?s bad! This is bad!
Chandler : Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?
Chandler : Okay!
Chandler : Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here?s what we do, we-we forget it happened.
Chandler : Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we?re unhappy forever. Sound good?
Chandler : I have to; he?s my best friend, and you?re seeing him.
Chandler : (interrupting) Oh-no-no-no! Don?t! Don?t! See-see, you?re getting me confused, I?m starting to urn.
Chandler : I-I think we have too.
Chandler : Bye. (Kathy leaves and Chandler wonders over to and leans up against the door.) Are you still out there?
Chandler : Hang on buddy! (He goes over and unlocks the door and opens it to reveal a fully furnished apartment.)
Chandler : I sure did.
Chandler : Well, I just thought it?d make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
Chandler : Oh no-no-no. This is amazing. (He goes over and presses a button on a remote control that opens the entertainment center doors revealing the TV.)
Chandler : Well, y?know I?m 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
Chandler : Oh, I don?t know.
Chandler : You mean with Casey.
Chandler : Or Casey.
Chandler : Could be Casey.
Chandler : Consider Casey.
Chandler : That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!
Chandler : I kissed Kathy.
Chandler : No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he?ll understand this?
Chandler : Oh, don?t say that! Don?t say that. That?s not true. Is it?
Chandler : Then why didn?t you tell me to do that?!!
Chandler : God!! (Sits down in disgust.) What am I gonna do?!
Chandler : Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!
Chandler : Yeah, I know.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Is that a real thing?
Chandler : Listen ah, Joe, I-I need to, I need to talk to you about something.
Chandler : It?s-it?s about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Oh uh, when?
Chandler : Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay?
Chandler : Yes, but I-I uh, don?t have too.
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
Chandler : See uh, that?s-that?s actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Chandler : It?s me. I?m the other guy.
Chandler : Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and?
Chandler : No! No! No! I just kissed her.
Chandler : How is that worse?!
Chandler : Look, I?m sorry! But there?s nothing I can do, I think I?m in love with her!
Chandler : You?re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Chandler : Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
Chandler : Probably because?
Chandler : (on phone) Hey, it?s me. I know you can?t stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I?d try and apologize over the phone. All I? (Joey hangs up the phone in disgust.) (Pause) (The phone rings again.)
Chandler : Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I?m? (Joey hangs up the phone again.) (Pause) (The phone rings yet again.)
Chandler : (entering) Aww, turkey! Aww, giving thanks! Aww!
Chandler : They couldn?t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Chandler : Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, ?cause I wanna trade for her.
Chandler : Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Chandler : Oh that?s not true! That?s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it? (notices the look on Monica and Phoebe?s faces.) Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it? (Phoebe looks confused.) Her initials?
Chandler : Op, y'know what though, it?s kind?ve a girlie briefcase.
Chandler : Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
Chandler : Thanks.
Chandler : Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Chandler : Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
Chandler : He?s really picky about his patients.
Chandler : (entering) All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once! (Ross is pleased.) I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Chandler : Oh y?know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
Chandler : I don?t know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
Chandler : Oh no-no-no, you don?t want to do that, then you?re gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
Chandler : Like?
Chandler : When was the last time you saw her wear it?
Chandler : Big dog?
Chandler : I walk into a room and he won?t even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
Chandler : Hey Joe.
Chandler : Hey! I?m sorry! That?(sees that Joey is about to leave) where are you going?
Chandler : Oh, uh, when-when are you coming back?
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I?ll stop seeing her?
Chandler : Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
Chandler : All right look, if you?re not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Chandler : What?
Chandler : All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. (Joey looks intrigued) What?
Chandler : (He is now in the box, in their living room.) Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
Chandler : The meaning of the box is three fold. One (holds a finger up through the air hole), it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two (holds up another finger), it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three (holds up a third finger), it hurts!
Chandler : Air hole! Air hole!! (Ross retracts his hand quickly.)
Chandler : How do ya do.
Chandler : What happened? What happened?!
Chandler : Gotcha! (laughs)
Chandler : Sorry!
Chandler : Okay, okay, you got it!
Chandler : You can?t tell, but I?m trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
Chandler : You?re right, and I?m sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won?t say another word tonight.
Chandler : Absolutely!
Chandler : So?
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : Man, this is? (Joey says something unintelligible and they hug.)
Chandler : Our eyes are closed and we?re about to cross the street. Very good.
Chandler : (entering) Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Chandler : No-no, I don?t think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Chandler : Kathy?s with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
Chandler : I?m gonna call and get off work tomorrow!
Chandler : This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore! Chandler and
Chandler : Oh man! I am so excited?I may vomit!
Chandler : Look you don?t understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y?know you?re never know what?s gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
Chandler : Oh yeah, it?s beautiful country up there.
Chandler : It?s not gonna be exactly like last time.
Chandler : Whoa-wh-wh-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa!
Chandler : (answering it) Hello. (listens) (to Ross) It?s Gandolf!!! (on phone) So, are you in town? (listens) (disappointed) Oh, well, well maybe next time then. (Hangs up)
Chandler : He?s not gonna make it, he?s stuck in Chicago.
Chandler : Stupid, useless Canadian money!
Chandler : Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.
Chandler : Oh-no, y?know with Gandolf we?d be out all night!
Chandler : And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again? Joey and
Chandler : All right!!
Chandler : Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
Chandler : Well, those were seals, man.
Chandler : Yeah, all right.
Chandler : Actually, me too.
Chandler : Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
Chandler : Y?know what? We?re not sad, we?re not sad, we?re just not 21 anymore. Y?know? I?m 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour! Joey and
Chandler : Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
Chandler : Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
Chandler : How can she be great if she?s from Poughkeepsie? (laughs, at they all look at him) That joke would?ve killed in Albany.
Chandler : Hey, look at this! (Holding a newspaper) They?re lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
Chandler : All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can?t believe I missed it.
Chandler : Really?! I didn?t think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Chandler : Y?know what? There?s some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Chandler : Well, I have a girlfriend, I?m-I?m happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Chandler : Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer? (Monica enters)
Chandler : Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who?s boss.
Chandler : (he glares at him for a while) Yes.
Chandler : I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? (Drew looks at him) Og-ee-op, I?m not asking for me, I?m? I mean? No, I?m-I?m not gay, I?m not asking you out. I?m not-I?m not-I?m not gay!
Chandler : See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
Chandler : Oh, y?know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
Chandler : (to Drew) Oh, by the way, that is her full name.
Chandler : Oh well, that?s uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Chandler : Well, I don?t really know what that is, but let?s!!
Chandler : (entering) Hello, children!
Chandler : (to Rachel) Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Chandler : Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They?re buying me drinks! They?re giving me stuff! (to Joey) Knicks tonight?
Chandler : Wherever! I?ve got like 20!
Chandler : Y?know what, I?m gonna uh, play the field just a little more.
Chandler : Guys are signing over their 401-K?s to me?
Chandler : (pause) Yes. (to Rachel) Okay, there?s this one guy, Patrick, I think you?re gonna like him, he?s really nice, he?s funny, he?s a swimmer.
Chandler : Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
Chandler : See, I?m not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?
Chandler : Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.
Chandler : It?s a big company, I don?t?if you?I?
Chandler : Oh yeah! With who?
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Hey, man!
Chandler : Well, like father, like son.
Chandler : Really?! I-I thought you weren?t looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
Chandler : Ummmmmmmm, no.
Chandler : Why not?! I?d be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get?oh I see.
Chandler : (interrupting) Oh, y?know, y?know what Pheebs?
Chandler : I?m not Jewish, so?
Chandler : Bad dream?
Chandler : Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe?s song about?
Chandler : Prague?
Chandler : I did! I absolutely did!
Chandler : I?m sure you?re right, but why?
Chandler : Oh, man. I?m sorry, I?m so-so sorry.
Chandler : I know! I know!
Chandler : Well, y?know, you?re-you?re gonna meet somebody! You?re a great catch! Y?know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn?t have to lie once. (He sits down on the arm of her chair)
Chandler : Yeah! You graduated Magma Ku Laude, right?
Chandler : Oh, it doesn?t matter. (Kisses her on the top of her head.) Hey, y?know what, I?ve got two tickets to tonight?s Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
Chandler : Well, actually it?s a hockey team, so it?s angry Canadians with no teeth.
Chandler : Have you ever been with a woman?
Chandler : So there is no good time to ask that question.
Chandler : I don?t know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black. (The gang is stunned.)
Chandler : Blue blazer back. He-he wants it back.
Chandler : Well, you-you know what I meant.
Chandler : So what job did you get Joe?
Chandler : You?re gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
Chandler : Oh, yeah, sure, it?s not mine anyway. It can with the pants.
Chandler : Yes. Right where?
Chandler : Yeah, you-you gotta love the talking.
Chandler : All right, we haven?t had sex yet. Okay, what?s the big deal? Y?know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
Chandler : No, he?s right, I?m totally lying. (Ross makes an "I was right, and you weren?t face." And Rachel does Ross?s little I?m-flicking-you-off-but-I?m-not-giving-you-the-finger banging of the fists.)
Chandler : Well, Kathy?s last boyfriend was Joey.
Chandler : No, I?m afraid I won?t be able to make love as well as him.
Chandler : Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
Chandler : We share a wall! So either he?s great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : All right, all right, I?ll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I?m just doing it for you guys.
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?
Chandler : Yes, yes, we had the sex.
Chandler : It was fine, y?know? But she didn?t agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I?m all right with it."
Chandler : Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y?know, I know where everything goes, it?s always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody?s killing her in there!"
Chandler : Look, you don?t have to draw an actual wo?whoa! She?s hot!
Chandler : (shocked) There are seven?!
Chandler : (Points to one) That?s one?
Chandler : Oh, y?know-y?know what, I was looking at it upside down.
Chandler : That-that?s bad?
Chandler : Well you might if it were anything like 7!
Chandler : You!
Chandler : Well the vet seems to think that?s she?s becoming a rooster. (The rooster crows.) We?re getting a second opinion. Opening Credits
Chandler : Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.
Chandler : I can check that for ya.
Chandler : Well? we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
Chandler : (to Rachel) And you? Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel?s bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Chandler : Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Chandler : (to Ross) Stop that now! (Ross reveals a bag of apples.)
Chandler : Yes!
Chandler : Diet soda.
Chandler : Orange juice.
Chandler : Oh-oh, oh, oh-oh! (Whispers something in Joey?s ear.)
Chandler : I got it! Scotch? tape. (They?re right.)
Chandler : Well, we used there?s up last night making scary faces.
Chandler : All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
Chandler : Fears and Pet Peeves.
Chandler : His legs flail about as if independent of his body!
Chandler : She has a real name.
Chandler : Althea?! What are you doing?!
Chandler : You're shooting with Althea?!
Chandler : Nice shooting! (Ross motions for the girls to pick.)
Chandler : Actually, it?s Miss Chinandolor Bong.
Chandler : Unfortunately that is correct. The
Chandler : I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we?re gonna destroy you.
Chandler : Well, I?m so confused as to what we?ve been doing so far?
Chandler : Say 200?
Chandler : (interrupting) All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds.
Chandler : But if we win, we get your apartment.
Chandler : Okay. (Starts jumping around.)
Chandler : Dangerous Liaisons.
Chandler : Oh! (Whispers something in Joey?s ear and then in Ross?s ear.)
Chandler : Fancy.
Chandler : Fancy guest.
Chandler : Thanks man.
Chandler : You can?t just call Monica?s room.
Chandler : Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It?s too nice.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Yeah, but I bet it works.
Chandler : Well believe it baby!
Chandler : I knew it!
Chandler : Cool, girl roommate. (Phoebe comes in from the bathroom as Rachel sits down in disgust.)
Chandler : Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Chandler : What?! What-what is it?!
Chandler : I can?t believe we live here! (They both sit down on the chairs and put up the foot rest.) Chandler and
Chandler : Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
Chandler : I know!! (The play starts.)
Chandler : Wow! She looks great. Doesn?t she?
Chandler : Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?! Kathy's
Chandler : Yeah, it?s like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
Chandler : I?m totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they?re gonna go to their cast parties and he?s gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it?ll be like, "So where?s your boyfriend, what?s-his-name, Chester?" And she?ll go, "No-no-no, it?s Chandler." And he?ll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
Chandler : All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
Chandler : Yeah, I know but?
Chandler : Okay, okay, but don?t worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I?m fairly certain are the same thing.
Chandler : I?m right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there?s no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Chandler : Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!
Chandler : Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you?re having sex with him.
Chandler : Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Chandler : Y?know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you?re up there every night, you?re naked, touching, kissing.
Chandler : Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Chandler : Well, that is what happened, and I don?t even see you denying this!
Chandler : Yeah, well, don?t expect that to happen anytime soon! Commercial Break
Chandler : Steps! (He opens the door to his apartment to Ross and Joey looking at the new Playboy) Slut! (Ross and Joey quickly hide the Playboy behind their backs. Chandler wonders into the girl?s apartment.) You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
Chandler : I confronted her, and she didn?t deny it! (Pause) I don?t live here! (Goes back into his apartment and they all follow him.)
Chandler : Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie?s?
Chandler : Yes! See you and I have always been like?(motions that they think the same.)
Chandler : Did she call?
Chandler : All right, maybe I should call her.
Chandler : Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
Chandler : Well y'know, what if she didn?t actually sleep with the guy?
Chandler : She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
Chandler : That?s not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Chandler : Oh my God!!
Chandler : Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I?m sorry. Y?know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Chandler : Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y?know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? ?Cause we?ve had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y?know, I know for me?(Notices a pair of men?s pants on the chair.) Nick?s pants?
Chandler : Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!
Chandler : Well, she wasn?t sleeping with him.
Chandler : She is now.
Chandler : I?m saying that she? is a devil woman! Y?know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don?t hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
Chandler : Because, I-I should?ve called! Y?know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would?ve gone out with Nick, and they would?ve ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
Chandler : Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done!? And you said it was gonna be fun! (Pause) Which it kinda is.? Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here! ?
Chandler : That's a mailman! That's our mailman! (Waves to the mailman) (Sarcastic) Hi. How are ya? ?
Chandler : Hey, you know who used to have nails like that? ?
Chandler : (entering, with Janice in tow) Hello! ?
Chandler : Isn't this amazing? ?
Chandler : Okay. Bye. ?
Chandler : Bye. ?
Chandler : Bye. ?
Chandler : B-bye! ?
Chandler : Bye. (Finally closes the door on her.) (After it's closed) I can't stand the woman! (Phoebe is shocked, Joey is relieved.) ?
Chandler : Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones! ?
Chandler : Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight. (Chandler opens the fridge and grabs something to drink.) ?
Chandler : (standing in the door of the fridge) Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen! (Closes the fridge.) ?
Chandler : Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River. ?
Chandler : (laughs) Okay, we have to talk. I'm just getting out of a very serious relationship... ?
Chandler : Right! I just think that this is happening too soon. ?
Chandler : I hear ya. (Pause) But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas! ?
Chandler : No! No! Not, Paris. ?
Chandler : Okay, could you just stop talking for a second? (Thinks) ... Yemen! ?That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen! ?
Chandler : I don't know exactly. ?
Chandler : But I do know that it's some time tomorrow. ? Appartement de Monica et Rachel. Phoebe et Monica sont plongees dans un circuit electrique. ?
Chandler : Y'know uh, you didn't really have to help me pack. ?
Chandler : Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not! ?
Chandler : Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'm-I'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow. ?
Chandler : I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her. ?
Chandler : (to Janice) Okay. (to Joey) Joey, trade lives with me! ?
Chandler : (from his bedroom) Thanks! ?
Chandler : Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport. ?
Chandler : Well, we're really not that close. (Pause) Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then. ?
Chandler : Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then. (Hands her the sign that says, Wait Here.") (To the ticket agent) Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen. ? Ticket Counter
Chandler : Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket. ? Ticket Counter
Chandler : What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with? ? Ticket Counter
Chandler : No. All right, y'know what, she's (Points to Janice) gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card. ? Ticket Counter
Chandler : (to the ticket agent) American Express? ? La partie de rugby. Ross se fait massacrer. ?
Chandler : Well, I-I guess I gotta go. ?
Chandler : Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel. ?
Chandler : Okay, good-bye. Good-bye. ? (He gives the agent his ticket and walks onto the jetway. Janice walks over and looks out the window. Chandler walks back into the terminal and tries to walk right past Janice, but she sees him.) ?
Chandler : No! ?
Chandler : Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane! ?
Chandler : Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen! (To this old woman also going to Yemen.) When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you? ? Closing Credits ? Appartement de Monica et Rachel. Monica a finalement arr?ter de chercher le but de l'interrupteur. Elle l'allume et l'eteint sans arr?t. ?
Chandler : Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
Chandler : All right.
Chandler : Wouldn?t that be Frank the III?
Chandler : Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
Chandler : Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.
Chandler : Hey, y?know what, if you?re gonna do that, if you?re gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler. (Phoebe doesn?t think so.) Oh, come on! Chandler?s funny, sophisticated, and he?s very loveable, once you get to know him.
Chandler : Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he?ll be there. And he?ll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you?re really hot.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : And now you?re giving me the message!
Chandler : You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
Chandler : Hi! Hi! You?re crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.
Chandler : Raymond Chandler.
Chandler : Okay, there are no famous Joey?s. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Chandler : Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he?ll never be President. There?s never gonna be a President Joey.
Chandler : Wow, you?re, you?re right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : No, no, you?re right, it is a ridiculous name!
Chandler : Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.
Chandler : I have no name.
Chandler : Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.
Chandler : Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?
Chandler : It?s Clint. It?s Clint! (He heads for his bedroom.)
Chandler : It?s Clint! Clint!
Chandler : (entering) Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
Chandler : All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at
Chandler : Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it?s probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o?clock tomorrow, I?m either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Chandler : (pleased) Really?!
Chandler : Okay. Thanks.
Chandler : You wanna hug it out?
Chandler : Yay!
Chandler : Okay!
Chandler : Bye, Pheebs!
Chandler : Ha! Ha! Ha!
Chandler : Ho! Ho! Ho!
Chandler : Your pants!
Chandler : Santa pants. (Phoebe still doesn?t get it.) Santa Claus?s pants.
Chandler : Uhh, a T-shirt that says, "I don?t belong here."
Chandler : Yeah we do!
Chandler : Are you serious?
Chandler : Forget it! Okay, I?m not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
Chandler : No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
Chandler : (ignoring him) Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please?
Chandler : Forget it! Okay, I?m not giving up the apartment.
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : You do know that Wham broke up?
Chandler : Where is Emily?
Chandler : Man, didn?t she like just get here?
Chandler : Easy tiger.
Chandler : So what are you going to do?
Chandler : Are you serious?
Chandler : Because you?ve only known her for six weeks! Okay, I?ve got a carton of milk in my fridge I?ve had a longer relationship with!
Chandler : And I love the milk! But, I?m not gonna some British girl to move in with me! (Realizes that made no sense.) Joey, you say things now.
Chandler : Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.
Chandler : No thank you.
Chandler : Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can?t leave in the small apartment after we?ve lived here! Didn?t you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
Chandler : Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
Chandler : Screw the Knicks!
Chandler : I didn?t mean that. I just meant that the apartment is worth so much more.
Chandler : And the Knicks rule all.
Chandler : No. No. We?re not gonna do that, y?know why? Because its not an even trade.
Chandler : No!
Chandler : Op, op, I?m convinced!
Chandler : All right, but you can?t use that again for a whole year. I?m in.
Chandler : Okay!
Chandler : Fine, let?s do it.
Chandler : Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first
Chandler : That?s a low one!
Chandler : Why are you screaming and hugging?
Chandler : Yeah baby!
Chandler : Tickets please! (Rachel hands over the tickets) That?s courtside baby!
Chandler : No they didn?t!
Chandler : Those were like the best seats ever.
Chandler : Oh yeah, that?s very nice. Plus, y?know they were free and they?re too small. (He knocks on the girls? door and walks in. Surprise! The girls, obviously using Star Trek technology, have completely moved everything in both apartments back to their original positions, all in the time it took for the guys to go to a basketball game. Wow! Anyhoo, Chandler is stunned, and Joey doesn?t even realise it.)
Chandler : Oh. Oh, God! (He starts running around like a chicken with his head cut off.)
Chandler : I KNOW!!! (They both sprint to what used to be their apartment.)
Chandler : Open up! Open up! Open up! (A very angry Monica opens the door with the security chain still on.)
Chandler : What the hell is going on?! (It?s Rachel?s turn to open the door.)
Chandler : We are switching back, right now!
Chandler : Well, you?re gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we?re switching it back! There?s nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : I don?t care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I?m getting back right now! (They open the door.)
Chandler : Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can?t offer anything to us!
Chandler : Totally worth it!
Chandler : Good night.
Chandler : Okay!
Chandler : Oh, well, that?s great!
Chandler : Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
Chandler : Oh. Oh, did-did-did I wake you? OPENING
Chandler : Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? (Gunther starts to pour him another cup.) So uh, what do you do when you?re not working here?
Chandler : Oh, okay, thanks. (He goes back to the couch and rejoins Monica, Joey, and Phoebe.)
Chandler : Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I?m exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
Chandler : It?s not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
Chandler : They don?t have those.
Chandler : Next time you snore, I?m rolling ya over!
Chandler : Hey, all right!
Chandler : Oh, she?s got you running errands, y?know, picking up wedding dresses... (Laughs and makes like Indiana Jones and his whip) Wah-pah!
Chandler : Y?know, whipped! Wah-pah!
Chandler : That?s what I did. Wah-pah!
Chandler : All right buddy, time to roll over. (Rolls him over, and discovers a surprise) (Looking down) No-no! (Covers his eyes) No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You?re going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
Chandler : It?s
Chandler : Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Yeah, well, I don?t dance at weddings.
Chandler : Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this... (Starts to dancing really, really, really badly. Ross enters behind him and he stops.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Nothing.
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : (answering for him) Yes he did. Sleep Clinic
Chandler : (waking Joey) Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot!
Chandler : You?re coming on to the entire room! (He goes over to pick up a stack of magazines next to her, and to get her attention, he throws them back down.) I?m Chandler.
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : You mind if I...
Chandler : So uh, what are you in for?
Chandler : What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.
Chandler : (entering) Hello! Little ones.
Chandler : Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me. (They?re stunned.) Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Chandler : Because I?m cooler.
Chandler : Well she?s, she?s the kinda girl-Joey was unconscious. (Joey enters, wearing a mouth guard like boxers wear.)
Chandler : Plus, you look cool. (Joey totally agrees with this statement and kicks his feet up.)
Chandler : Y?know what? It seems like all of the sudden; so much has happened.
Chandler : Phoebe is, making people.
Chandler : And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
Chandler : No-no, not something stupid, something huge.
Chandler : Why not?! I mean it?s just, it?s just climbing! It?s just, it?s just steep!
Chandler : We?re going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!
Chandler : Yeah baby!
Chandler : (dejected) Yeah, well...
Chandler : Yeah, we could do that without y?know risking our lives at all!
Chandler : (dejected) Oh, well...
Chandler : Yeeeeahhhh.
Chandler : But I?ll tell you something. One of these days we?re get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
Chandler : And I just want a million dollars! (EXTENDS HIS HAND HOPEFULLY)
Chandler : Uh-oh. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : She was not good. Not good.
Chandler : Uh-oh. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : (entering) Hello!
Chandler : (sarcastic) Noo.
Chandler : I didn?t know that.
Chandler : See, maybe that?s the one we should?ve actually hidden.
Chandler : This isn?t one of those uh, y?know "If she doesn?t come, we-we don?t, we don?t come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket...
Chandler : Oh, that's Ross's.
Chandler : Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck? [Everyone looks at him. He realizes he just spilled the beans about Ross's crush on Rachel.]
Chandler : [stuttering incoherently] F-hah.... flennin....
Chandler : I KNEW IT!!!! [cut back to the present.]
Chandler : Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you? [cut to later]
Chandler : All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there?s a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums! (Reading from the book.) "It?s almost as good as being there."
Chandler : Well, You could, but... probably just the one time.
Chandler : If we do that, we gotta get Die Hard.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : (shocked) Yes! Yes! A thousand times, yes!
Chandler : Oh, it's awkward. It's awkward. It's awkward.
Chandler : You can be the best man when I get married.
Chandler : Oh no-no-no, you-yeah, of course you get to be my best man.
Chandler : I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Chandler : I'm not even... I'm not even...
Chandler : (entering) Hey guys, what are you doing?
Chandler : Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.
Chandler : Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
Chandler : See ya. (Ross exits, and Chandler moves over next to Joey, laughing.) Have fun planning your mellow bachelor party.
Chandler : He just said, "No strippers."
Chandler : (banging a spoon against his beer bottle) Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I've decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
Chandler : Central Perk?
Chandler : (banging on the bottle again) Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh, (to the stripper) so is the position of the bride. The
Chandler : (opening the door) What?
Chandler : Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
Chandler : You slept with the stripper?
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable? (Gives Joey a little squeeze.)
Chandler : So you might say, it's a magic ring.
Chandler : Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
Chandler : Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Chandler : (to Ross) You be cool. (He opens the door and lets her in as they all turn there backs on her.) The
Chandler : Way to be cool, man. The
Chandler : Marry me. (Both Ross and Chandler hit him.)
Chandler : He will, Joe.
Chandler : Hey, come on, it's not your fault.
Chandler : No, you should.
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Thanks man.
Chandler : What a baby.
Chandler : Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica. [Cut to the girls' apartment, Monica is putting things into her purse as Phoebe and Rachel watch.]
Chandler : You got your passport?
Chandler : There it is. OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : (entering, with Joey) All right! Let's do it!
Chandler : Okay, 'cause that's not gonna get annoying.
Chandler : Hey, y'know what? I was wrong.
Chandler : Hey! (Trots over)
Chandler : Oh. (Goes and gets Phoebe's book as Rachel comes in from her room.)
Chandler : (entering, with Phoebe's book.) Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.
Chandler : I am, I'm ignoring you.
Chandler : Oh, what the hell is that?
Chandler : Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
Chandler : Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
Chandler : I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
Chandler : To Put the Camera Away!!!
Chandler : Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
Chandler : All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
Chandler : How can I answer that when I'm pretending I don't know you? The
Chandler : Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them? The
Chandler : All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Chandler : Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore! (He trips over a box, falls into a flower stand and walks away trying to be cool.)
Chandler : Hey. (He nods at the hat.)
Chandler : No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : That's... That's was...
Chandler : How did you? How? How?
Chandler : I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Chandler : That was pretty intense huh?
Chandler : (glares at him) I hope he did!
Chandler : Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Chandler : I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. (No one in the room laughs. He starts to get flustered.) Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. (Ross looks embarrassed.) And I thought things were going to work out for him..Until the day he over inflated her. (He laughs. Jack looks at Judy and no one in the room laughs.) Ohh, Dear God.. (A cellular phone rings.) Mrs.
Chandler : (Continuing his toast.) And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. (No reaction from the people.) Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily. (He sits down.)
Chandler : Out loud?
Chandler : So how are you doing?
Chandler : The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Chandler : Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Chandler : Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn't want you?
Chandler : (With the covers pulled up to his chin.) Morning, Ross.
Chandler : Yeah you are!!
Chandler : Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
Chandler : So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
Chandler : Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You?(Looking over at her. She looks back.) We did you.
Chandler : Oh yea yea, absolutely.
Chandler : I don't want to look.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : (Very defensive.) I'm not seeing Monica.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Oh my god!
Chandler : No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?! (Joey looks totally confused.)
Chandler : Oh yea, your right. It's the second one.
Chandler : What we did last night was....
Chandler : Totally crazy stupid. (He nods his head at the people seated.)
Chandler : I'm coming over tonight though, right?
Chandler : It could've been worse, he could've shot her. (Ross and Emily make it to the lobby.)
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Chandler : Seven times!
Chandler : In a foreign, romantic country...
Chandler : Bad London! (Takes a spoon and smacks the turkey.)
Chandler : Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Chandler : Y'know, I saw a wine cellar downstairs...
Chandler : Okay! (He throws down his plate and runs to the wine cellar, Monica is about to follow him but is intercepted by Rachel.)
Chandler : Forget it, that's off.
Chandler : The man's got a point. (Cut to Rachel and Ross.)
Chandler : Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me. (She laughs and opens the door to reveal Rachel sitting on the bed.)
Chandler : Oh, hello Rachel.
Chandler : Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Chandler : Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes.
Chandler : Oh, yay...
Chandler : (To Monica) Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Chandler : Wow, you look...
Chandler : Well, I've got a girl in here.
Chandler : Well, we're-we're hanging out in here!
Chandler : Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Chandler : Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
Chandler : Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Chandler : Okay! (They both run to rip the covers off the bed, but are interrupted by Ross.)
Chandler : Nope, not under here!
Chandler : Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her!
Chandler : Yeah, for about 30 minutes.
Chandler : Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice. (Monica smiles at that.)
Chandler : Yeah, we're gonna go.
Chandler : Yeah, it's a very large plane.
Chandler : But, we'll stay here with you.
Chandler : We have to leave for New York in an hour.
Chandler : We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it. (They both try to slowly extricate themselves from Ross, but there's a knock on the door that awakens him.)
Chandler : Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special. (Realizes something) Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
Chandler : 'Kay! (Monica gets up and heads for the bathroom, Chandler turns to watch her go and is startled to see Joey sitting in Monica's seat.)
Chandler : Uhh, no.
Chandler : No.
Chandler : Yes.
Chandler : Okay man. (Chandler starts to get up.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : No we didn't!
Chandler : Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
Chandler : Right.
Chandler : Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Chandler : And I'm cute too.
Chandler : Thank you! (They hug.) All right, I gotta go unpack.
Chandler : Bye. (After he closes the door, Monica starts to follow him, but thinks better of it and stops.)
Chandler : (entering) I'm still on London time, does that count?
Chandler : Oh, good! (They start kissing.)
Chandler : Ehh, you're just liquored up. (They move into kiss but are interrupted by Joey knocking on the door.)
Chandler : I've had a very long, hard day.
Chandler : Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
Chandler : For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey!
Chandler : Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Chandler : Hey Joe! (Monica goes back underwater as Joey re-enters.)
Chandler : Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke-(Yelps in pain as Monica grabs him underwater)-Diet Coke. (Joey gives him a thumbs up and heads for the chicken.) Opening Credits
Chandler : Hey, Pheebs!
Chandler : Uh, The Wheatsheaf.
Chandler : Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.
Chandler : I can't believe she can out run you man!
Chandler : Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY. (Ross bangs his fists together to tell Chandler off, like what was learned last season. Read about it here.)
Chandler : Oh that's not true.
Chandler : Okay, I gotta go to work. (He gets up and gives Monica a rather passionate kiss as Rachel and Phoebe look on in amazement. After the kiss ends, Chandler suddenly realizes what he just did, so he decides to do something rather rash.)
Chandler : And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back. (He goes over and gives Rachel the same treatment he gave Monica, only Rachel is shocked.)
Chandler : Pheebs! (He goes over and kisses Phoebe, who is also stunned.) Always a pleasure. (And he struts out leaving the girls to stare at each other.)
Chandler : All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
Chandler : I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow.
Chandler : So, thanks for having me over! Rach. (Goes over, grabs her, and kisses her.) Pheebs. (After a moment while he decides how to kiss her around her belly, grabs her and kisses her.)
Chandler : Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. (Gets up to leave.)
Chandler : I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
Chandler : Hey, Pheebs!
Chandler : Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Chandler : Atlantic City!
Chandler : Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!
Chandler : I know, it's beautiful. Amazing. (They both kiss.)
Chandler : Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
Chandler : No.
Chandler : That's right. (Both Rachel and Ross stare at her for a moment.)
Chandler : Oh no.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Hey! You okay?
Chandler : Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
Chandler : All right...
Chandler : Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
Chandler : Really? Male nurses?
Chandler : So they're going on dates? When?
Chandler : This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor? Dr.
Chandler : All right. (Dr. Harad exits.)
Chandler : (spotting her) Oh-hey-hey-hey! There you are!
Chandler : Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
Chandler : Fine! Maybe I will too!
Chandler : So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
Chandler : Oh.
Chandler : Sure. (Pause) And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way. (Retreats in defeat.)
Chandler : (to another female nurse) Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night? Delivery Room
Chandler : All right. Very good.
Chandler : Bye, momi-moo. (Everyone except Frank leaves.) Dr.
Chandler : Yes!
Chandler : Oh God, kindergarten flashback.
Chandler : Okay, keep saying it!
Chandler : So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Chandler : Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Chandler : Really? Okay, so...
Chandler : Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
Chandler : Right!
Chandler : So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
Chandler : That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?
Chandler : (entering, happily, with a bottle of champagne, thinking that Monica is the only one there) Ha-ha-ha-(sees everyone)-enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper! Opening Credits
Chandler : Oh no-no-no-no-no-no, vomit tux! No-no, vomit tux!
Chandler : Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Chandler : Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.
Chandler : Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Chandler : Really?! That's what you heard? (To Monica) You said that?
Chandler : Because I'm very happy for him! (To Monica) And you, you lucky dog!
Chandler : Yes!
Chandler : (entering) Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
Chandler : If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Chandler : Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this. (He jumps up onto the table and starts doing his happy dance.)
Chandler : Yes!
Chandler : Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
Chandler : That's true!
Chandler : That's true!
Chandler : Hey, there he is! There he is!
Chandler : How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Chandler : Expect it in 4-6 weeks. (She starts to leave.) Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Chandler : Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : What's your point?
Chandler : (entering) Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
Chandler : I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Chandler : Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Chandler : Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him. (She starts to take off her latex gloves.) Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
Chandler : Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves.
Chandler : All right, let's show them how it's done.
Chandler : Y'know that wasn't part of it?
Chandler : (quietly) Hi! (They both start kissing.) (Joey enters and Chandler pushes her away.)
Chandler : Uhh, 9. (He pushes the clock into the sink.)
Chandler : I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
Chandler : Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing.
Chandler : Okay, y'know your not though. Let's go. (He starts for his bedroom.)
Chandler : I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Chandler : What's going on?
Chandler : Uh, hey!
Chandler : We're flipping Monica's mattress.
Chandler : Aww, man! (They go into Monica's room.)
Chandler : Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?" (Joey is bent over at the waist and is looking for something under Monica's bed.)
Chandler : Condoms?
Chandler : And condoms are the way to do that? [Cut to the living room.]
Chandler : (jumping on the bed) I can't believe it! We're here!
Chandler : Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os everywhere.
Chandler : Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on! (Monica returns, carrying a glass.)
Chandler : (looks at what she's holding and shies away) Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!
Chandler : Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed! (He grabs their bags and sprints out.)
Chandler : Okay, great. (He grabs the remote and turns on the TV to the chase.) Hotel
Chandler : Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
Chandler : What? Why?
Chandler : Uh-huh. (He doesn't take his eyes off the TV.)
Chandler : (turning to face her) Yeah.
Chandler : I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch-(realizes)-have a perfect, magical weekend together with you. [Time lapse, Monica and Chandler have changed rooms yet again.]
Chandler : (watching TV, in fact, ER is on.) Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
Chandler : Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
Chandler : Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
Chandler : Do not speak ill of the dead.
Chandler : I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
Chandler : I said, "Geez, relax Monnnnn."
Chandler : Damn Rollos!
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : It was terrible. I fought with (Pause) my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this? (Throws away another Rollo)
Chandler : Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.
Chandler : Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
Chandler : Monica. (Follows her out.) [In the hall.]
Chandler : Okay, fine, $300.
Chandler : Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!
Chandler : Hi!
Chandler : Okay, Ross is in the bathroom.
Chandler : Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : Yes that was mine.
Chandler : Yes that would have made more sense.
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : I just came over to drop off...nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
Chandler : So, I guess this is over.
Chandler : Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime.
Chandler : Because of the weekend, we had a fight.
Chandler : So, this isn't over?
Chandler : Really? Okay. Great!
Chandler : (stops her) We're in a relationship?
Chandler : Okay. (They kiss.)
Chandler : Joey, can I talk to you for a second? (He grabs him and starts to drag Joey into Monica's room.)
Chandler : Yes. Yes. (Lets him up.)
Chandler : It happened in London.
Chandler : The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Chandler : No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
Chandler : Fun's over!
Chandler : Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
Chandler : Sorry. (They wait for Joey to go into his room and close the door and then start making out again.)
Chandler : Hello!
Chandler : Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour. (Phoebe stares at him wide-eyed. Chandler sees her reaction.) That didn't happen, I made that up!
Chandler : Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
Chandler : Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence...
Chandler : You're on in 5 Ms. Minnelli.
Chandler : So you're really okay with this?
Chandler : Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum. (Ross exits.)
Chandler : Okay, what is in here? Rocks?
Chandler : So, rocks. (He picks up a smaller box and carries it to the moving van as Joey returns.)
Chandler : Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
Chandler : Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
Chandler : Well, I think it's very brave what you said. (Monica pats Joey on the shoulder.)
Chandler : Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Chandler : Uh, Ross?
Chandler : Yeah, we are so sorry.
Chandler : Hi!
Chandler : Oh yeah, there-there she is!
Chandler : Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
Chandler : That's a pig.
Chandler : Hey! (Joey quickly hides the magazine under the couch.)
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Chandler : Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
Chandler : He thought you said gonad. (Joey busts out laughing.) Opening Credits
Chandler : Love what you've done with the place.
Chandler : Oh yeah!
Chandler : Oh, the tears are real.
Chandler : What are you doing?
Chandler : You built a fort didn't ya?
Chandler : (notices something) Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was (makes a humming noise.)
Chandler : I hate this thing!
Chandler : (entering) Hello children!
Chandler : Okay. (Starts to head for where the foosball table usually is.)
Chandler : Bye-bye little puppet Joey hand?
Chandler : You mean this. (Does the maneuver perfectly.)
Chandler : (gasps) All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Chandler : Okay. (They start playing.)
Chandler : No-no-no-no!
Chandler : Okay, so he's out of here.
Chandler : Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Chandler : Not even on page 7?
Chandler : What about that circled one?
Chandler : Yes, it is.
Chandler : There we go!
Chandler : Let's go quicker.
Chandler : Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Chandler : Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.
Chandler : It's a kitchen slash bathroom.
Chandler : We are bad people.
Chandler : Yes that was a nice place!
Chandler : Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
Chandler : What are we gonna do?
Chandler : About Ross!
Chandler : (grabbing the phone) Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night. (Listens.) Well, who doesn't love dogs? (Thinks.) Ah, he's a tap dancer! (Listens.) Yes, some would say that is a lost art. (Thinks.) He's a pimp! (Listens.) There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp! (Pause.) Hello? (The apartment manager hung up on him and he hangs up the phone and throws in on the chair. Joey motions, "What the hell was that?" Chandler makes a face to say, "Think about it." Joey tries to divide 136 by 13; he's confused. Suddenly, light dawns on yonder dunder head. He gets it.)
Chandler : Ohhhhh! (Joey motions, "Now, that's thinking!")
Chandler : 98. 99. 100. Okay, go!
Chandler : Here we go! Here we go! (Ross enters.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : You're kidding, no!
Chandler : Yeah!
Chandler : Yes! Ross, you have to stay!
Chandler : All right, buddy!
Chandler : Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Chandler : All right! (He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.) Isn't this a woman's hat?
Chandler : That's sweet, Joey.
Chandler : Are you aware that you're still talking?
Chandler : No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
Chandler : It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family. (And with that, we start a series of flashbacks to Thanksgiving's of years gone by.) Thanksgiving 1978
Chandler : Really? Worse than, "More turkey Mr. Chandler?"
Chandler : It's exactly like it sounds. Thanksgiving 1992
Chandler : Arghhhhhh!! (Joey turns around to taunt him, but Chandler is in the doorway and Joey is facing the kitchen.)
Chandler : I'm over here big guy.
Chandler : (laughing) You did look like an idiot.
Chandler : Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Chandler : (seeing her) Okay. Mrs.
Chandler : Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in. (As she is drinking, Monica laughs and Chandler's joke and Diet Coke comes out of her nose.) Fat
Chandler : Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef. Fat
Chandler : Emotional Knapsack?
Chandler : Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
Chandler : Dude, don't do that too me! (Monica enters behind them.)
Chandler : No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
Chandler : I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!
Chandler : I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
Chandler : I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.
Chandler : We wanna hear Monica's Thanksgiving story!
Chandler : Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. (They both quickly push their sleeves over their elbows.)
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!
Chandler : Sorry! Mrs.
Chandler : Sorry. (In the kitchen.)
Chandler : Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Are you all right?
Chandler : What? The
Chandler : Without my toe?! I need my toe!
Chandler : That's why I lost my toe?! Because I called you fat?!
Chandler : That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!
Chandler : Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail. (He storms out.)
Chandler : I can't believe this.
Chandler : Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
Chandler : Yeah, just leave me alone for a while. (He goes into his apartment.)
Chandler : Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I'm happy all the time! (There's a knock on the door and Chandler gets up to answer it. He opens the door to reveal Monica with a turkey over her head.)
Chandler : Nice try.
Chandler : Look, Monica...
Chandler : This is not going to work.
Chandler : You are so great! I love you! (Monica stops suddenly and turns around slowly.)
Chandler : Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
Chandler : No I didn't!
Chandler : No I didn't!
Chandler : No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! (Joey walks in and sees Monica. He freaks out and runs back into the hallway, screaming.) Ending Credits Thanksgiving 1915
Chandler : Top of the world? Dock of the bay? (He tries to think of another but can't) I'm out.
Chandler : Well, they're Joey's! They gotta be Joey's! (Rachel turns and stares at him.)
Chandler : See? They're Joey's! J-J-J-J-J-Joey's!
Chandler : Yeah!
Chandler : (interrupting him) All this lying has been hard on us too.
Chandler : Well, yeah actually.
Chandler : I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
Chandler : Help!
Chandler : Hi, Pheebs!
Chandler : I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
Chandler : Well, what did the police say?
Chandler : Ross, it's just a sandwich!
Chandler : (reading) Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
Chandler : Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
Chandler : What is going on here?
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your (Thinks) adult film class.
Chandler : Oh-I don't know.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : (gasps) You're naked in this picture!
Chandler : Ross?
Chandler : Which I may say, right now, is out of control.
Chandler : And you're okay with that?
Chandler : (Sees the picture) Oh no! No! No! No! (Monica gasps as well.)
Chandler : All right, look! Look. I think I can explain this. (He walks over and stands behind Joey.)
Chandler : Joey's a sex addict.
Chandler : Well let's....let's see what everybody thinks of that?
Chandler : Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
Chandler : (Answering the phone at work) Hello, Chandler Bing.
Chandler : (Angrily) Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me! (Ross and Joey laugh silently.) It's been six months! It's not funny!
Chandler : Leave me alone! For the love of God, leave me alone!!! (Joey hangs up.)
Chandler : The British are coming?
Chandler : Ohh.
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : Yes! Chandler Bing, 7! Chandler Bing, 0.
Chandler : Okay, I'll stop.
Chandler : You wanna play?
Chandler : Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
Chandler : I'm intrigued.
Chandler : Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.
Chandler : Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?
Chandler : (entering from his room carrying a fire extinguisher and wearing oven mitts) Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid-Op! Op! (He puts out a small fire which has re-ignited in his room.)
Chandler : (entering from his bedroom) Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
Chandler : Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?
Chandler : (To Ross) Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Chandler : The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Chandler : Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
Chandler : I paid for those tickets!
Chandler : Oh yeah! (Makes an unintelligible taunting sound.)
Chandler : When did that happen to you?!
Chandler : Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
Chandler : Okay, bye! (To the gang.) Oh my God!!
Chandler : I don't believe they're brother and sister.
Chandler : Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Chandler : Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game! (Pause) Last night!
Chandler : Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
Chandler : All right. (Takes a copy.)
Chandler : What is up?
Chandler : No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted.
Chandler : Could I be more sorry. (Looks at Joey.)
Chandler : (To Ross) I'm sorry too.
Chandler : I am sorry, Ross.
Chandler : This took you all day?!
Chandler : (deadpan, standing next to Monica) We're very happy for you.
Chandler : We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know...
Chandler : (To Monica) Happy New Year!
Chandler : Do you want us to leave the room, or?
Chandler : That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Chandler : I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!" (Ross looks at him.) And it starts right now!
Chandler : Nice!
Chandler : (reading it) Elizabeth Hornswoggle?
Chandler : Horn-swoggle.
Chandler : No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before. (Sits down rubbing his temple.)
Chandler : What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Chandler : (notices something) Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants? (Pause, no one speaks.) Someone comment on the pants!
Chandler : That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. (Motions to Ross's buttock.) Maybe there's something in that area. (They all speak at once in general approval of his pants selection; Joey asks where he got them. I can't pick out the rest of it.)
Chandler : Oh come on!! (Storms out.)
Chandler : (on phone) Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? (Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.)
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty. (Smells it.) Yep. (They both exit.)
Chandler : Sorry man.
Chandler : Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
Chandler : Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
Chandler : I know, I can do this. (He takes her hand.)
Chandler : I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh, (Points to Monica) this is Monica. (Points to his boss.) This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
Chandler : No, sir.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Oh, that was my work laugh.
Chandler : Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Chandler : Okay. (She walks up to where Doug is finishing another joke to another group.)
Chandler : Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!
Chandler : And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club. (She glares at him.) Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Chandler : Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks. (He starts to leave and stops an entering Rachel.) Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Chandler : Okay, good luck with that. (Exits.)
Chandler : Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.
Chandler : Let them win one.
Chandler : You're not even giving them a chance!
Chandler : Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? (Does his work laugh.) (To Monica) Please let them win!
Chandler : Oopsey, missed it!
Chandler : Long! (Gives Monica the Work Laugh.)
Chandler : Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it. (Removes a smashed racquet from his bag.)
Chandler : It was my racquet.
Chandler : If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Chandler : Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
Chandler : Just a little bit of sugar.
Chandler : Oh, you get used to it.
Chandler : So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
Chandler : Oh. (Does a double take when he realizes what she just said.)
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Well, I-I just didn't think it was funny sir.
Chandler : Well, I just...
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : I think I do! (They all laugh.) Thank you, Monica.
Chandler : Coffee in a fight! (Does the laugh again.)
Chandler : (from his bedroom) All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
Chandler : But we're not ready to tell yet!
Chandler : Man, she is really gullible. (Monica motions that it went right over Rachel's head.)
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Why would I be mad?
Chandler : (realizes what Ross just said and the implications to him) I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Chandler : I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
Chandler : Oh! Look at that, time's up! My turn!
Chandler : It's your timer. (They change places.)
Chandler : All right, then massage me up right nice! (She starts the massage, only she is doing extremely hard and Chandler is gasping in pain.)
Chandler : Ah! Ahh!! Ahh!!
Chandler : It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!
Chandler : Good-bye muscles!! Opening Credits
Chandler : I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Chandler : Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Chandler : (examining the hat) And the bunny got away. (Turns and starts looking for the bunny as Joey puts the hat on.)
Chandler : And you're gonna make them all disappear.
Chandler : Done.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Hey! (As he walks past both Chandler and Ross notice the bag and stare at each other in shock.)
Chandler : Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Chandler : Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine. (Another man, an older man, enters, looking around and bumps into Chandler.)
Chandler : Oh my God! (They all look down the hall he left from.)
Chandler : And a date with a man!
Chandler : (wincing) Yes, he is!
Chandler : I'm sorry but, ow-owww-owww!
Chandler : Hey, is Rachel here?
Chandler : (coming all the way in) Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
Chandler : (falling into that trap) I don't like your massages.
Chandler : Okay, but now see you're crying!
Chandler : What?
Chandler : It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything.
Chandler : Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
Chandler : Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Chandler : Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!
Chandler : Absolutely!
Chandler : Yeah! (They hug.)
Chandler : Hey man, how did the audition go?
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : Oh, hey! (Ross nods in agreement as well.)
Chandler : And we're done with the chicken fried rice.
Chandler : Or we can do the actual telephone thing. Opening Credits
Chandler : (entering) Hello children!
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. (Phoebe giggles uncontrollably.) Are you okay?
Chandler : Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.
Chandler : What's going on?
Chandler : Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
Chandler : Y'know that is a popular opinion today I must say.
Chandler : The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.
Chandler : I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.
Chandler : Ow!
Chandler : Oh, y'know I-I can't hear that enough.
Chandler : No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
Chandler : Well it's not flexed right now!
Chandler : Sure, I'll do it with ya.
Chandler : That new mountain bike?
Chandler : Your work makes me sad.
Chandler : (after they've left) Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Chandler : Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Chandler : Are you serious?
Chandler : (a little hurt) Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps-She knows! Commercial Break
Chandler : (entering) Joey! (Joey quickly tries to hide Hugsy by throwing it over his head.)
Chandler : Phoebe knows about us!
Chandler : Oh man!
Chandler : Ahh yes, the messers become the messies!
Chandler : Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day. (He's holding the phone so that Monica can hear it as well.)
Chandler : Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Chandler : Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Chandler : Oh yeah, they're totally gonna back down!
Chandler : (initially worried, but gets over it) Really?
Chandler : Yes.
Chandler : Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?
Chandler : How do you know?!
Chandler : At this?!
Chandler : Phoebe.
Chandler : Come on in.
Chandler : Sure. (She makes a big show out of pulling out the cork and pours the wine.)
Chandler : Me? No. You?
Chandler : So do I. (They click their glasses and take a sip. That sip turns into a gulp, which quickly progresses into their mutual draining of their glasses at once.)
Chandler : I'm gonna put on some music.
Chandler : You look good.
Chandler : Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
Chandler : Oh, do you not want to?
Chandler : (swallowing hard) Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion. [Cut to the bathroom, Chandler is entering.]
Chandler : Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Chandler : Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! (He does a little mimic of her dance.) [Cut to the hallway where Phoebe is conferring with Rachel.]
Chandler : Okay, give me a second! (Pause) Did you clean up in here?
Chandler : Oh, you're-you're going?
Chandler : (swallowing hard) It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
Chandler : Not if I kiss you first. (They move closer to together and Phoebe hesitantly puts her hand on Chandler's hip. He puts his hand on her left hip but then decides to put his hand on her left hip. Phoebe then grabs his butt. Chandler goes for her breast, but stops and puts his hand on her shoulder.)
Chandler : Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Chandler : Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Chandler : Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Chandler : Love her! That's right, I...LOVE...HER!!! I love her!! (They walk together and hug.) I love you, Monica.
Chandler : And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor. (Pause) And might I say your breasts are still showing.
Chandler : Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet. (Joey suddenly gets very angry.) Ending Credits
Chandler : (To Monica) Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! (He kisses her and starts to climb out the balcony window.)
Chandler : Oh, I'm going on the lamb.
Chandler : Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Chandler : Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
Chandler : (interrupting) Whoa-whoa-whoa! We're having kids?!
Chandler : Yeah, big zero gravity moon steps.
Chandler : Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Chandler : (To Rachel) Sounds like a fun party.
Chandler : Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
Chandler : Wh-wh-why?!
Chandler : Yeah, so, what's that supposed to mean?!
Chandler : I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Chandler : Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
Chandler : Hmm.
Chandler : Yeah, here, somewhere else, y'know where-where ever. (Gets up.)
Chandler : Yeah, I'm cool. Casual.
Chandler : I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : Well, you do want all that stuff, right?
Chandler : Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!
Chandler : Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Chandler : Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Chandler : Well, I did not know that. Commercial Break
Chandler : It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable. Ross and
Chandler : By me?
Chandler : Monica. (Goes to talk to her.)
Chandler : Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Chandler : Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Chandler : Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Chandler : I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
Chandler : Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. (He slowly and awkwardly gets down on one knee.)
Chandler : (getting out a ring box) Monica...
Chandler : Will you marry me? (Phoebe hides her eyes in shame. Rachel is starring at them wide-eyed and open-mouthed. Joey and Ross are stunned to temporary silence.)
Chandler : I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
Chandler : I'm doing this because I'm sorry?
Chandler : No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married. (Laughs.) Will you be my wife?
Chandler : Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Chandler : Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys. (Turns to look at Ross and Joey.)
Chandler : I didn't think I was! (They hug.)
Chandler : Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door. (Points at the door.) Ending Credits
Chandler : Okay, how long is this going to go on.
Chandler : That's not funny.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
Chandler : Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. (To Monica) Hey, how about maroon?
Chandler : Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. (No one laughs.) Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
Chandler : Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Chandler : Hi, Joe.
Chandler : Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
Chandler : Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? (Imitating what his famous speech would sound like.) I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
Chandler : You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! (To Monica) I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. (Seeing Monica's stare.) (To Joey) Anyway we're talking about your dream. (To Monica) I love you. (To Joey) Your dream? (Leans in to listen closely.)
Chandler : No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
Chandler : Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?
Chandler : Well there you have it!
Chandler : Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
Chandler : Oh yeah, it's actually in my bedroom. (Monica and Chandler both remember a special moment between them.)
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so...
Chandler : (looking at the sketch) Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : (straining) Okay.
Chandler : Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!
Chandler : Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!! (They set the couch down.)
Chandler : Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.
Chandler : Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?
Chandler : (stopping him) Hey, whoa-whoa! What's she like?
Chandler : Ooh, I do! I do! I do! (They all walk over to get a slice.)
Chandler : (To Rachel) He has a gun! Closing Credits
Chandler : (entering) Hey Monica, here's your broom back.
Chandler : Oh hey, how'd the interview go?
Chandler : So what happened?
Chandler : Well you coulda tried, not kissing him.
Chandler : Come on, Rach.
Chandler : I gotta check out this hot girl! (He heads to the window but realizes something, stops, turns and points at Monica.) There she is! (He dances over to her and kisses her.)
Chandler : (To Gary) So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
Chandler : Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you... (He gestures and spills some of his coffee.)
Chandler : Uh, yeah.
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : Ohh, so?
Chandler : Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat. Commercial Break
Chandler : That was amazing!
Chandler : That was amazing.
Chandler : No, you're the best.
Chandler : No, you're the best.
Chandler : Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
Chandler : Oh yeah, it's so cool. (He opens his coat and has it pinned to the lining.) Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100. (Pause, softly) That's pee-pee. (Heads for the bathroom.)
Chandler : Monica! This is the Men's room! (Pause) Isn't it?
Chandler : No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Chandler : Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
Chandler : (gasps) So?
Chandler : Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Chandler : Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Chandler : Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting. (Kisses her.)
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.
Chandler : Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Chandler : Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up! (Does a dance of joy.) (Monica glares at him.) And now we're back. Ending Credits
Chandler : (entering) You guys ready fore the movies?
Chandler : Okay. (He picks the 9 of Spades)
Chandler : Oh yes.
Chandler : (pause) Yes. (Joey laughs then realizes the trick didn't work when Chandler hands him his card back.)
Chandler : Hi there!
Chandler : That. Opening Credits
Chandler : Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Chandler : Unwilling to steal from work, interesting.
Chandler : Dude! That's my girlfriend!
Chandler : Weirder than watching his two moms make out? (Monica nods in agreement.)
Chandler : Yeah, it is the best.
Chandler : Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke.
Chandler : Yeah, I wanna go to babe.
Chandler : Hi!
Chandler : Ah sure. What's in 'em?
Chandler : Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
Chandler : Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
Chandler : (shocked) Well I mean, let me get the door first. (Goes and opens the door.) Oh, hi! No one. (Exits.)
Chandler : Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You smoked!
Chandler : Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!
Chandler : I wish I had smoked for my career...
Chandler : Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
Chandler : I think you smell great! (He sniffs her shoulder.)
Chandler : Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
Chandler : Awesome!
Chandler : There are snow cones! (Monica glares at him.) Snow cones! Yuck!
Chandler : Thank you! Thank you! (Runs to the snow cone machine.) (Rachel enters.)
Chandler : (to Kim and Nancy) Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
Chandler : Okay, great. (Kim exhales and Chandler stares at it longingly.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Chandler : Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at
Chandler : Hey Caitlin! Somebody got a haircut.
Chandler : Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
Chandler : Oh, okay. (Hands her the money.) Here you go. (The duck starts quacking.)
Chandler : Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Chandler : Okay, bye! (He closes the door and turns to see Ross glaring at him.)
Chandler : What?
Chandler : I was not flirting.
Chandler : Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
Chandler : You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. (Starts to move towards Ross.)
Chandler : I was not flirting.
Chandler : I was not and oh God, shh!
Chandler : Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin? (Ross looks at Rachel.)
Chandler : So, Joey on Law & Order, you must be very proud!
Chandler : I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother. (She just stares at him.) I've done it again.
Chandler : Happy Anniversary, 10 months! (They kiss.)
Chandler : Uhh, Joey's grandmother is right there. (Points)
Chandler : The one that doesn't.
Chandler : Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Chandler : Here you go. (Hands her the money.) Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
Chandler : You're welcome.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Thank you for that! (To Monica) I was not flirting.
Chandler : Really?!
Chandler : (starts to laugh, but then gets serious) So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time?
Chandler : Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.
Chandler : Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
Chandler : (smiling) Well, what is it?
Chandler : (smiling) If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon? Grandma
Chandler : Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One. (Phoebe gets up.)
Chandler : So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law & Order?
Chandler : See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Chandler : Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Chandler : Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
Chandler : It's true.
Chandler : Again true.
Chandler : All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
Chandler : Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back! (Tries to pantomime it for her.) Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you. (Pause.) So, you're old and small. [Time lapse, Rachel is coming back from Chandler and Joey's.]
Chandler : Okay, hold on. (Pauses as he readies himself.) Okay. (Walks away.)
Chandler : (To Monica) If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.
Chandler : Oh the humanity.
Chandler : More so than anything else.
Chandler : Almost over man.
Chandler : Why am I looking?
Chandler : You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
Chandler : (singing) Ground control to Major Tom! Commencing countdown...engines...on! (Joey and Chandler both run to shut off the tape.)
Chandler : (To Monica) Hey!
Chandler : You ready?
Chandler : You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.
Chandler : Let me see the earrings.
Chandler : (looking at them) They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?
Chandler : (To Ross) Thanks for picking out the earrings man.
Chandler : Hey man, what's up?
Chandler : Yeah, yeah! Me too!
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Well, I like danger.
Chandler : Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime. Opening Credits
Chandler : It is starting to get dark out there.
Chandler : (laughing) Okay. (Deadpan) But it is officially nighttime. (Gary reaches up to grab that little light that cops have for unmarked cop cars.)
Chandler : Your tax dollars?
Chandler : (leans in and takes a sniff of Joey's sandwich) Wow! That sandwich really does smell good.
Chandler : I can't smell your sandwich?
Chandler : Okay, I'll give them back. (Exhales strongly through his nose and Joey just glares at him.) Look! What is so great about that sandwich?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
Chandler : How do you figure that?
Chandler : Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
Chandler : Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
Chandler : Okay, y'know, we-we're safe right? I mean nothing bad can go down!
Chandler : (deadpan) Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
Chandler : What's going on?
Chandler : Uh, HELLO!!
Chandler : (pouting) It was a car backfire!
Chandler : Who jumps at loud noises!
Chandler : Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life. (He gets up and starts for the door.)
Chandler : (returning) Oh my God! (Storms out.)
Chandler : Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever...
Chandler : No. No I'm just tired. Y'know, from-from the walk.
Chandler : You dove in front of Ross! Ross!
Chandler : I do not hate Ross!
Chandler : What picture?
Chandler : Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
Chandler : When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
Chandler : From a bullet!
Chandler : Much sense?!
Chandler : So you risked your life, for a sandwich!
Chandler : So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.
Chandler : Really?!
Chandler : Thanks. (He grabs the sandwich.)
Chandler : (with his mouthful) Oh-oi-ho, yeah!
Chandler : Hm-hmm. (Goes to take another bite.)
Chandler : I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.
Chandler : Before or after you were shot by your own troops?
Chandler : Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.
Chandler : (To Monica) Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-doll can I?
Chandler : Okay. (Monica leaves and Chandler moves to talk to Phoebe.)
Chandler : Hiya doin' pumpkin?
Chandler : (terrified) Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
Chandler : Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go! (Breathes a sigh of relief)
Chandler : So, what are you gonna do?
Chandler : Me?! Why me?
Chandler : I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
Chandler : (To Phoebe, behind Monica's back) Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem. (When Monica turns back he smiles and kisses her, when she turns away he nods that he'll do it to Phoebe.) Opening Credits
Chandler : Hey ladies! What are you in here for? (Laughs at his joke.)
Chandler : Gary, I'm here to report a crime.
Chandler : It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.
Chandler : Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
Chandler : Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Chandler : You mean scared.
Chandler : Scared? Happy?
Chandler : I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Chandler : Were you're parents happy, or something?
Chandler : Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
Chandler : Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
Chandler : (pause) Yeah, you're right about that.
Chandler : Hi!
Chandler : Yes I did, and I think you should do it.
Chandler : He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
Chandler : I'm sorry. (Pause) If you ask me, I'd move in with him.
Chandler : Hey Gar!
Chandler : Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?
Chandler : All right, let me in. (He jumps off of the counter to join in the game.)
Chandler : What?
Chandler : I'm not a dropper!
Chandler : It's throwing and catching!
Chandler : Oh! Oh! That's so hard. (Starts to juggle the ball, but loses control and almost drops it and hands it to Monica.) (Rachel enters with the "cat" and the chick and the duck start to get riled up.)
Chandler : Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
Chandler : Yeah, you almost overreacted to something. Phoebe and
Chandler : Not fun anymore?
Chandler : Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
Chandler : Oh that is over!
Chandler : You guys wanna eat here?
Chandler : Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard!
Chandler : Okay, so Richard, Richard!
Chandler : What?
Chandler : How much did I love The King and I? (Oh, you get the point by now.)
Chandler : You okay there man?
Chandler : Wow umm, calm down.
Chandler : Uh, no Pheebs. What's it look like?
Chandler : You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Chandler : Yeah, I know that means buddy!
Chandler : Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.
Chandler : Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
Chandler : All right, great, road trip baby! (To Monica) This okay with you?
Chandler : Thank you.
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? (Holds up 3 of them in different colors.) (Monica stares at him.)
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
Chandler : I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
Chandler : So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
Chandler : All right, bye-bye now!
Chandler : Okay!
Chandler : We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Isn't that Ross's money?
Chandler : I don't know.
Chandler : Okay!
Chandler : Too dry.
Chandler : No!
Chandler : No!
Chandler : Yes.
Chandler : I also said, "Yes!"
Chandler : No! (Realizes) Ahhh!!!
Chandler : Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.
Chandler : They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
Chandler : Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
Chandler : Oh, you don't want me on the trip?
Chandler : All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
Chandler : All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
Chandler : You're not actually supposed to stop on the bridge.
Chandler : All right!! (Gets out and Joey speeds away.) Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here. Commercial Break ?
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!
Chandler : I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Chandler : Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Chandler : Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road. (Looks into the bag.) Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
Chandler : (who has just entered) Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
Chandler : Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Chandler : That's a good idea. I wonder where I could (Pause) get a basket of porn...
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : (To Phoebe) Is that Joey?! (She nods yes) Let me talk to him! [Cut to Joey]
Chandler : (To Phoebe) Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person. [Cut to Joey]
Chandler : (To Joey) Hey! [Cut to Joey]
Chandler : No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person! [Cut to Joey]
Chandler : Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week! [Cut to Joey]
Chandler : Uh, what was that? [Cut to Joey]
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Chandler : Huh.
Chandler : Oh, but it's not 'til tomorrow!
Chandler : Okay. (He starts taking his time opening it. Finally Monica snaps.)
Chandler : Wow!
Chandler : Do we have to?
Chandler : Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Chandler : Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Chandler : Yes.
Chandler : It's a great idea. (They kiss)
Chandler : Y'know Pheebs, it's kinda our (His and Monica's) anniversary.
Chandler : (coughing) Art lover!
Chandler : I said art lover.
Chandler : I don't know, I'm very tired.
Chandler : So it's pretty much the same Pheebs.
Chandler : Yeah, I guess it's a little better now.
Chandler : (To Monica) Happy plane-aversary.
Chandler : Can I give you a present now?
Chandler : Okay! (He grabs his carryon and starts rummaging through it.) Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
Chandler : How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Chandler : Ohh that's the worse thing that can happen on an anniversary ever!
Chandler : What-what Richard thing?
Chandler : What Richard thing?
Chandler : (talking out of the side of his mouth) I'm not mad.
Chandler : Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal. (He still ain't happy.)
Chandler : Oh my God.
Chandler : Love your condoms my man.
Chandler : Why?! What happened?!
Chandler : No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
Chandler : No! Her boyfriend Richard!
Chandler : When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it!
Chandler : Thanks. (They hug.)
Chandler : (pushing her away from another hug) Next time?
Chandler : There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again!
Chandler : That's so funny, because I think I just did!
Chandler : Fine with me!
Chandler : What are you talking...
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : (interrupting in the nick of time) Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
Chandler : Whoa!
Chandler : Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick! (Mimics it.)
Chandler : Good luck!
Chandler : I see. (Joey exits as Chandler shakes his head.) Commercial Break ?
Chandler : (totally confused) What?
Chandler : What's an identical hand twin?
Chandler : Are you sure you weren't (pause) looking at your hands in a mirror?
Chandler : (totally confused) How?
Chandler : Again I must go back to, how?
Chandler : (Pause) Y'know, I-I can't really put a price on that Joe.
Chandler : No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea! (Joey starts to leave to embark on his genius moneymaking scheme, but is freaked out slightly when as he goes to open the door, there's a mysterious knock. He calms himself down and opens the door to reveal Phoebe.)
Chandler : No!
Chandler : That was Joey!
Chandler : Yeah, well, she's probably talking to Richard.
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Okay. (He gets up and goes to find her.)
Chandler : (walking by with his luggage) See you later Mon.
Chandler : What does it look like? I'm going home.
Chandler : Come on! I was there! (He's propped up with his hand on a statute of a naked guy. He winces and pulls his hand away.) I know he's the love of your life.
Chandler : Really?!
Chandler : Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing.
Chandler : (arm-in-arm with Monica) Hey Pheebs!
Chandler : Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love. (They start kissing.)
Chandler : Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!
Chandler : Okay, ah umm, ah, a 8. Ah, a 6?
Chandler : 8. 8!
Chandler : If you get this one, we buy everybody here a steak dinner!
Chandler : Noo!
Chandler : Ahh, ooh, try a hard 8.
Chandler : Two fours.
Chandler : Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place! (Everyone cheers) Wait-wait-wait-wait! We (motions to Monica and him.) get the biggest suite in the place.
Chandler : (sees the roll) Yes!! I love you! I can't even remember what we were fighting about!
Chandler : Another hard 8.
Chandler : Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight; (pause) and we get married here tonight. Drunken
Chandler : You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.
Chandler : Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Chandler : Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
Chandler : Okay! Come on! Let's go! All right! (She rolls the dice, but one bounces out of the table.)
Chandler : (spots one) Okay! That's a four! And where-where's the other one? Drunken
Chandler : All right! (He searches to his right; she searches to her left. They're both on their hands and knees when they spot the die. It's propped up against the table leg, and it's not lying flat. Both the four and the five are showing.)
Chandler : Here it is! Here it is!
Chandler : It's a four.
Chandler : Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay! (Picks up a blue sweater.) Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
Chandler : Let's go! (Starts to leave.)
Chandler : Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
Chandler : I don't think so.
Chandler : (looks around) Here just...take this. (Hands her the sweater.)
Chandler : No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress. (She does so and it makes her look pregnant.)
Chandler : Okay, one thing at a time. (They run out to get married.)
Chandler : Hello! One marriage please!
Chandler : (singing) Dum! Dum-dum-dum! Dum! Dum! Dum! Dum-dum-dum!
Chandler : Oh, that's The Wedding March. Does, does that freak you out?
Chandler : Okay! (Stands up) This is it! (Claps his hands) We're gonna get married!
Chandler : Okay! (Stands up) This is it! (Claps his hands) We're gonna get married!
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : Oh my God!! Is everybody getting married?!! (Phoebe and Joey run back out and head towards the street.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Yes! Well that-yes.
Chandler : We actually missed it.
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : Hi!
Chandler : So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?
Chandler : It's a buffet man.
Chandler : Listen, I gotta talk to you.
Chandler : Monica and I almost got married last night.
Chandler : Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : (returning with Joey) Hi.
Chandler : Hey! (They both sit down and Rachel pours them both some coffee. They're acting like nothing's happened and everyone is just staring at them.)
Chandler : Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or...
Chandler : (not quite sure) You did.
Chandler : Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
Chandler : I don't know. But I-I-I know I love you!
Chandler : So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
Chandler : Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight (motions to the craps table) then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
Chandler : Sounds great.
Chandler : Ready!
Chandler : (deadpan) Yes, yes eight. (Monica rolls the dice.)
Chandler : That was so unlikely. Well, let's get married! I guess.
Chandler : That's right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!
Chandler : Yeah. (They go pack.) We're doing the right thing, right?
Chandler : Well you did pull his hair.
Chandler : I'm not getting into this again!
Chandler : ? Well, I told you not to walk. Here. (Picks her up.) There. Okay. (He opens the door, carries her across the threshold, stops, backs out, and lets go of Monica who is only holding on by his neck.)
Chandler : No!
Chandler : All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
Chandler : Me too!
Chandler : No!
Chandler : Jeez, relax! It's not like we're mar-ah-ah!! (Runs out.)
Chandler : (entering, slowly) Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Chandler : Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Chandler : Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
Chandler : Me asking is kind of a sign.
Chandler : Okay!!!!! (And the crowd goes wild! Well, at least the live studio audience.)
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Oh thanks.
Chandler : The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay! (Runs out.) Ready?!
Chandler : Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
Chandler : This is not a sign!
Chandler : It's an old key!
Chandler : I love you!
Chandler : Are you hugging the door right now. (Pause)
Chandler : Yeah-yeah, me neither.
Chandler : The key's stuck in the lock.
Chandler : (trying the handle) It still doesn't work.
Chandler : Oh. (Joey goes back into the apartment, runs back into the hallway, throws his shoulder against the door, and knocks it down off it's hinges.)
Chandler : Y'know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?
Chandler : No. When it comes to sweets, he's surprisingly strict.
Chandler : No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Chandler : Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
Chandler : All right.
Chandler : No-o-o! (To Monica) No? (She nods no.) No-o-o! Look Joey, here's the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I'm gonna be moving out man.
Chandler : Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : (looking down) What gave me away?
Chandler : Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
Chandler : Wow that was my scariest voice! You're very brave. (They hug as Rachel enters.)
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap. (Awkward silence ensues.) Seriously.
Chandler : Well, I-I still think you're very-very nice and very pretty...
Chandler : (To Monica) All yours babe. (Walks away.)
Chandler : Rach...
Chandler : Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?
Chandler : Well, Joey's my best friend.
Chandler : You just said... Of course you're my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
Chandler : Okay. (She grabs a tin of freshly baked cookies) Oh yes. (He reaches for one.)
Chandler : Hey-hey!
Chandler : I am now!
Chandler : Okay, bye! (Exits.)
Chandler : Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
Chandler : Not once did we do that.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Oh yeah? Well, how'd she take it?
Chandler : And you're upset because you didn't make your best friend cry?
Chandler : Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Chandler : Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday's was just our thing man! Opening Credits ?
Chandler : Who was it?
Chandler : Sure!
Chandler : Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Chandler : Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
Chandler : So, that's it?
Chandler : Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It's the oldest game!
Chandler : I don't have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
Chandler : No, I'm not mocking you, (in a mocking voice) or you beautiful guest room. (Exits.)
Chandler : Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.
Chandler : (reading the ad) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." Nice!
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you. (Monica glares at him.) Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Ohh.
Chandler : That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
Chandler : We don't have to come up with this now.
Chandler : Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Chandler : Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair. (Kisses her and heads into the living room.)
Chandler : Is that a problem?
Chandler : Oh, that's cool. Then I'll just bring them both over.
Chandler : Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
Chandler : In the game room!
Chandler : All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!! (Storms out.)
Chandler : (entering) You can call off the roommate search! (To the potential roommate) Hi! I'll be living here. (Heads for the bathroom.)
Chandler : Why did you take the shower curtain down?
Chandler : Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly! (Monica mocks him and he joins in.)
Chandler : Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
Chandler : That's laughter.
Chandler : I don't know.
Chandler : Yeah, I do.
Chandler : He's being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!
Chandler : Yeah, I'm not so worried.
Chandler : Of course!
Chandler : Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.
Chandler : Okay! (They run to the living room where Monica has moved the chair back (Towards the step), the coffee table forward (Towards the TV), and taped a square outline on the floor.)
Chandler : Oh my God! Someone's killed Square Man!
Chandler : Oh that's so sweet! I want to show you something too!
Chandler : Y'know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
Chandler : Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
Chandler : Really?!
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Oh, what's the matter?
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
Chandler : Oh hi!
Chandler : Why don't you open with a joke?
Chandler : Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not talking about Chuckles University?!
Chandler : That's the way I did it 'til I was 19.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor's Guild.
Chandler : (opens and reads it) "Benefits lapsed."
Chandler : Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
Chandler : All right.
Chandler : I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to (pauses) stop catching on fire.
Chandler : Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : That's great, but shouldn't you be on the toilet right now?
Chandler : What's wrong with you?
Chandler : This sounds like a hernia. You have to-you-you go to the doctor!
Chandler : That's a hernia.
Chandler : Hey, will you grab me a cruller? (Joey starts to groan and get up.) Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
Chandler : I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
Chandler : Listen, I'm really glad you got the part.
Chandler : But are you sure you can do this?
Chandler : Now, is that never talking about it again?!
Chandler : I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt? (He does.) Take a look at this kiddo. (Alex finally starts crying.) We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
Chandler : What are you doing?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Chandler : Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya? Opening Credits ?
Chandler : You left a shoe here?!
Chandler : Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
Chandler : (not enthused) Yeah, all right.
Chandler : Whoa-whoa-whoa! What?
Chandler : Yeah, I'm gonna pass. 'Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Chandler : Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben. (Tries to get her to drink a little more from the bottle when he suddenly smells something. It's times like these I'm glad Smell-O-Vision hasn't been invented.) Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too. (Phoebe is changing hers.)
Chandler : See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
Chandler : I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around... (He degrades into baby talk, but he means when they grab his finger.)
Chandler : Okay, I'm a rookie. I should not be in the end zone. [Time lapse, they have set up a little assembly line for diaper changes. Phoebe wipes, Chandler adds the powder, begrudgingly, and Monica puts the diaper on.]
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Shocking! Since you still have the keys.
Chandler : What equity investments?
Chandler : You don't even have a car!
Chandler : And?
Chandler : There you are.
Chandler : (entering) Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog! (He holds up this Xena-like warrior action figure.)
Chandler : He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
Chandler : They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
Chandler : Glass, sand, whatever. (Walks out as Monica and Phoebe turn to check on the babies again.)
Chandler : (entering) All right. (Clears throat) I thought about it and maybe you're right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
Chandler : I swallowed the sonic blaster gun.
Chandler : Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat. (Mimics a cat trying to cough up a hairball.) (He does it again.)
Chandler : But you found the keys to his clothes?
Chandler : That is true.
Chandler : Ahh, I think it just moved. It's really poking me.
Chandler : I think that's gum.
Chandler : Okay, listen this really hurts. Let's go.
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
Chandler : And protected them from a tornado? (Monica enters and her jaw drops in horror.)
Chandler : Was the setting of Phoebe's triumph.
Chandler : Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
Chandler : (pause) Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
Chandler : (watches Joey for a moment) Okay! (Joey quickly moves the hockey stick so that he's scratching his back with it.) Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
Chandler : First of the month.
Chandler : No, just the months you actually want to live here.
Chandler : Okay, here is the phone bill. (Hands it to Joey.)
Chandler : That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
Chandler : It's not charity, Joe...
Chandler : Okay uh, here's the electric bill. (Hands it to him.)
Chandler : Uh, yeah. (Joey runs over and shuts off the lights.)
Chandler : So, we'll do the rest of the bills later then? Opening Credits ?
Chandler : No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
Chandler : I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Chandler : Well that would help the pride thing.
Chandler : Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?
Chandler : Okay! (They kiss) So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
Chandler : Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
Chandler : Yes, but for the last time.
Chandler : He's at a dinner party.
Chandler : Oh, I wish I'd know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
Chandler : Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Chandler : Yes it would. What do you say to $50?
Chandler : Okay, let's play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently. (They start playing.)
Chandler : Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
Chandler : Oh yes!
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : No! No! No! No-(Joey looks at him)-one can beat me. (In frustration, Joey kicks the table, breaking it.)
Chandler : See? Now, that's why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
Chandler : Still broken?
Chandler : Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? (Holds up a deck of cards.)
Chandler : Okay, uh, how about, how about-y'know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it's fun.
Chandler : Cups.
Chandler : I'll teach ya! Come on, come on, it's really easy and really, really fun.
Chandler : Okay, here you go. (He deals out two cards each.) I have two queens, what do you have?
Chandler : Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!
Chandler : Oh yeah! Okay, let's play again. (He deals out two cards each again.) What do you got?
Chandler : You're kidding right?
Chandler : Well that's a full cup! (Pays him again.)
Chandler : You win.
Chandler : It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
Chandler : Not 700 exactly?
Chandler : Double it! (He does.)
Chandler : Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
Chandler : Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500. (Joey gets excited.) Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way! (He takes the top card, which is the two of clubs. Of course, any card would've won. Chandler pays him.)
Chandler : What's wrong?
Chandler : Wh-How did you lose at Cups?!
Chandler : Oh man!!
Chandler : All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
Chandler : I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
Chandler : No, but wait-what if I bought it from you, y'know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say (Gets choked up) $1,500?
Chandler : When did I try to give you money?
Chandler : I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
Chandler : (entering) Hey.
Chandler : I know. (He kisses her.)
Chandler : No problem roomie. (She turns around and hugs him.)
Chandler : Sure!
Chandler : I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.
Chandler : Exactly.
Chandler : It's not a real game! I made it up!
Chandler : At a fake game!!
Chandler : Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
Chandler : (not amused) And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open. [Monica enters]
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
Chandler : Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you. [Joey enters with his new roommate who is played by none other than Elle MacPherson.]
Chandler : So, uh, wh-where ya from?
Chandler : Unbelievable
Chandler : Hey, look at all the boxes!
Chandler : All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
Chandler : Now imagine you live at the supermarket.
Chandler : No-no
Chandler : OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man. (Turns around and sees that Joey isn't there.) Joe? (Hears giggling coming from a box) Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack. (Hears the giggling again)
Chandler : (pretending) Oh my God! You-almost-gave-me-a-heart-attack.
Chandler : Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Chandler : Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
Chandler : What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
Chandler : Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.
Chandler : Yes I'm gonna put it back (Mocking Ross) exactly where I found it.
Chandler : She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
Chandler : She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
Chandler : I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
Chandler : No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now. (Picks up the phone and wipes it off) Phone's done ehh.
Chandler : Hey Mon, how's it going?
Chandler : Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
Chandler : No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
Chandler : It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon! (To Ross) She's-she's gonna kill me.
Chandler : We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch. (He picks up one end and Ross doesn't help) I got it. (He moves it back to where he thinks it goes.)
Chandler : What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the...(Tries to rest his feet on the coffee table but they won't reach) OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
Chandler : OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Chandler : Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Chandler : Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Chandler : Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
Chandler : That's not specific to girls.
Chandler : And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.
Chandler : Man, I'm so lucky I have Monica.
Chandler : Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
Chandler : (blocks the door) No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.
Chandler : (to Ross) I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.
Chandler : Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Chandler : Bye! Thank God
Chandler : Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
Chandler : That's perfect! That's brilliant! (Starts going through the photo album)
Chandler : Uh-huh
Chandler : No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it. (Forced laughter)
Chandler : Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Chandler : Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
Chandler : Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Chandler : So, is Janine around?
Chandler : Can I check out what she did to my room?
Chandler : (The room is filled with flowers and a floral print sheet on the bed.) Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous. (Looking around the living room.) It's spreading already.
Chandler : (Picking up a pillow.) Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch?
Chandler : (Pointing to the table and picking up the box.) Is that your tiny little box, that's too small to put anything in?
Chandler : No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
Chandler : Yes talk to her. Be a man.
Chandler : Defend yourself.
Chandler : Be right there sweetums. (Monica leaves. To Joey.) A totally different situation. ? Opening Credits ?
Chandler : Hey, how was your breakfast with Hillary?
Chandler : Ohh, yeah.
Chandler : That's weird. I don't think my boss likes me either.
Chandler : Yeah let's head off to work.
Chandler : You know...Oh My God.
Chandler : (Sarcastically) Really.
Chandler : Yeah, what was wrong with your old...human teeth.
Chandler : No, no no no. You'll be fine. (turning to Monica) Hillary's bind, right?
Chandler : Yeah. (Rachel walks in.)
Chandler : What???
Chandler : I am proud of all my friends today.
Chandler : Hi, I'm Chandler. Your live-in boy
Chandler : Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish. (Phoebe walks in.)
Chandler : Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Chandler : Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
Chandler : Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
Chandler : You know when guys hang out they don't just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
Chandler : No thanks, Josephine.
Chandler : Hey Ross, I was wondering if... Oh my God!! Where are all the men???
Chandler : Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
Chandler : What is the matter with you ?!?
Chandler : You're arranging flowers! (Pointing to the dish on the table.) You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!
Chandler : You're turning into a women.
Chandler : Now I've upset you? What did I say?
Chandler : Sidney Poitier? Hehheh. [Chandler throws his coat on the couch]
Chandler : Oh! That?s great, they haven?t seen the place since I moved in! [Monica goes to fiddle with something on the table.]
Chandler : (shocked at the news) Why can?t I tell them that we live together?
Chandler : Why haven?t you told them?!
Chandler : Why haven?t you told them?! Wouldn?t they be happy?!
Chandler : Why wouldn?t they be happy?
Chandler : What? What? Why?!
Chandler : Is this why they don?t like me or why you don?t like me?
Chandler : Y?know, it?ll be okay. It?ll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we?ll tell ?em.
Chandler : Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn?t I?
Chandler : Hey! (Sees Ross is there) Oh, good, Ross! You?re parents like me, right? [Chandler goes to stand to the side of the TV.]
Chandler : Well Monica just told me that they don?t.
Chandler : (annoyed) Do you know why?
Chandler : (angry) Well if people don?t know they shouldn?t just guess! [Joey and Ross get annoyed with Chandler?s outburst.]
Chandler : This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.
Chandler : Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
Chandler : [mocks that last comment]. [Chandler starts to leave as Janine enters] Janine [to
Chandler : Hey. [Chandler exits]
Chandler : Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats! [Chandler goes to take off Jack?s coat. He then notices little white flakes on Jack?s shoulders. He begins to wipe them off.]
Chandler : Whoa, snowing out there? Mr.
Chandler : Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y?know I?ve always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father. Mr.
Chandler : (worried) He?s the headliner of a gay burlesque show. [Rachel is in the kitchen fiddling with her English trifle. Joey and Ross, anxious to leave and go to Janine?s party, are egging her on to hurry up.]
Chandler : Oh, yes. Well it?s very beautiful. It?s cream-colored and tight [Realizes what he just said and looks worried. Monica and Ross also looked shocked. Judy and Jack give Chandler a very dirty look.] I don?t mean tight, I mean it?s not too tight, not that I was looking at-[giving up all hope, he puts his head into his hands.] Mr.
Chandler : (shocked) What?
Chandler : You do? Why?
Chandler : What?! Why did you do that?
Chandler : How could it not matter?!
Chandler : What about all that ?friends forever? stuff?
Chandler : Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
Chandler : The reason we haven?t told them we?re together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Chandler : Yeah, I?m not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore. [Ross and Rachel re-enter.]
Chandler : (clearly lying and hating the dessert) Yeah, this is so good, that I?m gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert. [Chandler exits to the balcony.] Mrs.
Chandler : (lying) Yes, but if it?s any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it. [Phoebe comes back from Rachel?s old room.]
Chandler : Thank you! Mr.
Chandler : (In a parent-like tone) I?ll talk to them! Closing Credits
Chandler : Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
Chandler : I dunno what it is, it just doesn't quite feel like Christmas to me.
Chandler : See now it feels like Christmas! Opening Credits ?
Chandler : Hey Joe what's up?
Chandler : I can see why that's hard to resist.
Chandler : You are aware that she's not a monkey, right?
Chandler : Ah, you're still just a little fat girl inside aren't you? (He kisses her on the cheek)
Chandler : What, what are you laughing at?
Chandler : I don't think so.
Chandler : (To Rachel) Oh my God!
Chandler : I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.
Chandler : What? That's terrible!
Chandler : Oh well, that makes it not terrible.
Chandler : No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
Chandler : No, you don't have to, and you can't because I live here too.
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
Chandler : If I help, we can find 'em faster!
Chandler : Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
Chandler : You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything? Phoebe and
Chandler : Because that's where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I've never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen! (He does a weird clicky motion with his fingers, that kinda hard to describe.)
Chandler : I couldn't find anything at Joey--Hey-hey, oh hey!
Chandler : Those are my gifts, I got them for you.
Chandler : Those are book ends! That's a great gift!
Chandler : Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
Chandler : Oh, hey guys!
Chandler : Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Chandler : Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Oh great!
Chandler : Okay! Okay! Okay!
Chandler : Wait, we can't do this. Phoebe and
Chandler : I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Chandler : Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
Chandler : Fine! (Monica enters, and they throw the gifts behind them.)
Chandler : That's what you got me?
Chandler : That's great!
Chandler : So you kissed her, so what happened after that?
Chandler : So she's just waiting over there for ya? (Joey nods yes, but suddenly realizes what he did and runs out of the apartment and back to his place.) Opening Credits ?
Chandler : (entering) Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff. (Hands her all of her bills and stuff.)
Chandler : I'm not your garbage man. I'm your mailman.
Chandler : A pharmacist. (Rachel mocks him.)
Chandler : You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
Chandler : You made pottery?
Chandler : Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
Chandler : ...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it." (Everyone laughs.)
Chandler : Look at us, we're a couple of couples!
Chandler : Yeah all right. (They part.) Okay, good night guys.
Chandler : And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight. (Hands it to him.) You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
Chandler : Oh that's too bad.
Chandler : That's funny, I saw no phlegm. Commercial Break ?
Chandler : Then why-why is she going to a play?!
Chandler : Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?!
Chandler : So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
Chandler : And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
Chandler : No, you sh-No you said you made that up!!
Chandler : Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again. (Monica glares at him.)
Chandler : Okay. (They exit and close the door.)
Chandler : Okay, one more time.
Chandler : Perfect decibel.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Oh nothing, we're just talking. Y'know, blah-blah-blah.
Chandler : That's totally understandable.
Chandler : Oh yeah!
Chandler : And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it, (Imitating her) "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
Chandler : (To Monica) Y'know I think you can take her.
Chandler : Did you hear that?
Chandler : Yeah, I'm sorry man. (Pause) You wanna go watch?
Chandler : Hey so, did uh, did she move out?
Chandler : You okay?
Chandler : That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up.
Chandler : I made that joke up.
Chandler : Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard.
Chandler : Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?
Chandler : Seriously?
Chandler : Yeah, I guess.
Chandler : (jumping up from his chair) Hey, Joey, Playboy printed my joke.
Chandler : It's my joke.
Chandler : Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Chandler : Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
Chandler : What? No, I want to watch this. (He turns on the television and the screen is completely covered in snow). Did your cable go out?
Chandler : Joey, why is your cable out?
Chandler : If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
Chandler : Whoa ho.
Chandler : (picks up the phone) All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
Chandler : (with phone to ear, obviously hearing no dial tone) Paid your phone bill?
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
Chandler : And monkeys can't write out prescriptions. (He and Ross crack up again. Joey just sits there)
Chandler : (stops laughing, to Ross) You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
Chandler : So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
Chandler : Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
Chandler : Yeah!
Chandler : Okay (he goes to sit down). (Ross leaps out of his chair and runs out the door, with Chandler in hot pursuit.)
Chandler : (visibly upset) He took my joke, he took it.
Chandler : You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
Chandler : Yeah!
Chandler : Picking Rachel.
Chandler : Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
Chandler : So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
Chandler : I think it's great that you work here. You're going to make a lot of money, and here's your first
Chandler : It's my joke. Ross and
Chandler : It's my joke.
Chandler : Let's have Monica decide.
Chandler : Yeah!
Chandler : Mon, get out here!
Chandler : Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Chandler : Because you're the only one that can be fair.
Chandler : (to Ross) Don't try to sway her. (To Monica) (Softly) I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
Chandler : Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
Chandler : Can I finish my story?!
Chandler : So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up. (He slams his feet up on the table to emphasize his point.)
Chandler : I'm not arguing with that.
Chandler : Is not.
Chandler : Hi, oh hi.
Chandler : (starts to recite a rehearsed speech) Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady. (Pause.) Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and-(He falters and Monica prompts him.)-generosity of spirit.
Chandler : (To Chandler) I'm out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again?
Chandler : (pauses as he struggles with what he has to say) You're a little high maintenance.
Chandler : I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
Chandler : (happily) I'm off the list. (Sits on the couch.)
Chandler : Hey, buddy boy, how'd the audition go?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half. (A good-looking woman approaches.)
Chandler : Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at work?
Chandler : I'm so sorry you're sick.
Chandler : I'm gonna grab you some tissue.
Chandler : Yes? (A woman enters.)
Chandler : Oh my God, introduce us!
Chandler : Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister! (Rachel glares at him.)
Chandler : I know, let's rest and drink lots of fluids. (Holds up a glass of orange juice.)
Chandler : That would be impossible to resist if you weren't all drippy here. (Points to his nose.)
Chandler : Yeah, I don't you should say that even when you're healthy.
Chandler : Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
Chandler : That's the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
Chandler : Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup? (He gets up from the couch and goes into the bedroom to find Monica, still in the robe, lying seductively on the bed. Or at least she's trying too and as he enters the room, she takes the robe off on of her legs.) Oh-ohhhh!
Chandler : Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.
Chandler : I was asleep. (She takes off her robe and starts to shiver) Oh no! No-no honey! Y'know what's sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
Chandler : Would you please get some rest!
Chandler : Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
Chandler : No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.
Chandler : No-no-no-no-no!
Chandler : Okay. (To start this task, she lowers the top of her robe to reveal that she is naked from the waist up, well at least her back is, and starts to rub on the gunk. Chandler notices this, and has something start happening. I'll let you fill in the blank here.)
Chandler : So you're just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?
Chandler : It's nice.
Chandler : Yes! (Hangs his head in shame.)
Chandler : It's all very, very good. (She covers up and sits down.) So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
Chandler : Oh come on you big faker!
Chandler : Well that was before all the vaporizing action.
Chandler : Okay! (Runs into the bedroom.)
Chandler : (calling from the bathroom) What are you doing here?
Chandler : We got some Vap-O-Rub in some places. (We see that Ross is returning to his apartment with Jill.)
Chandler : He's taking off her coat! (We see that Ross is taking off Jill's coat.)
Chandler : I'm good.
Chandler : (looking) Is that a swing?
Chandler : Yuck!
Chandler : That was like 5 years ago.
Chandler : Joey...
Chandler : (totally not crying) Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!
Chandler : Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!
Chandler : I'm not macho.
Chandler : No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
Chandler : I'd be sad sure, but I wouldn't cry.
Chandler : Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I'm rich!
Chandler : Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
Chandler : Oh they didn't want to come!
Chandler : No! Look, I don't cry! It's not a big deal! Okay?!
Chandler : You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you? (Joey and Ross exchange looks.)
Chandler : Phoebe Buffay in
Chandler : Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don't do porn.
Chandler : Her ankle is what you're watching?
Chandler : She's just doing her job!
Chandler : Hey! (He quickly tries to hide the book by throwing it under the couch, only the couch has no back and it slides into the kitchen.)
Chandler : There's no back to this couch!
Chandler : Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y'know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn't think I was y'know, all dead inside.
Chandler : Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.
Chandler : No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we're up at the altar and I'm like this. (Makes a bored face.)
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
Chandler : Aww, I love you so...
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : So you didn't mean any of that?!
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : (To Monica) Maybe we should give them some privacy.
Chandler : (crying hysterically) I just don't see why those two can't work things out! Ending Credits ?
Chandler : Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
Chandler : Sure I would!
Chandler : What, you guys really think that I'm that shallow?
Chandler : What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
Chandler : (entering, depressed) Hey.
Chandler : Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny." Monica's
Chandler : Was his question what's more boring than him?
Chandler : Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
Chandler : Ehh.
Chandler : I could use the money; it could give me time to write.
Chandler : Okay!
Chandler : All right! (As Joey goes to the bathroom, Corporate Phoebe enters. She's wearing a business suit and carrying a briefcase.)
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Well it's kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he's not real.
Chandler : Uh-oh, it's my boss!
Chandler : (reading the list) Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : But the Kit-Kats are all right?!
Chandler : Phoebe, are you having a heart attack?!
Chandler : I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die! (Phoebe glares at him.) But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
Chandler : Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
Chandler : (approaching) Here you go Joe, here's the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for. (Hands it to him.)
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : I'm sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
Chandler : Okay, anything for you sir?
Chandler : It's not all juice! (Rachel quickly gets out of the way.)
Chandler : Who sold a story to Archie Comics?!
Chandler : Aww.
Chandler : You wanna share it?
Chandler : What's this?
Chandler : Aww, thanks man. (They hug.)
Chandler : Oh you wouldn't uh, care. It's just a stupid comic book story.
Chandler : Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy (Joey laughs), uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
Chandler : No, the doctors say it may kill her.
Chandler : (To Ross) But I think we should tell her.
Chandler : Listen Phoebe, he's right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
Chandler : Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
Chandler : I'm sorry you're here with me instead of Roger.
Chandler : Well, I could make it seem like he's here. (Imitates him.) "Here's some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn't add the second cous until 1979." (Mumbles something further.)
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : What was tonight?
Chandler : Okay. (Pause.) What was tonight?
Chandler : With Roger? (Monica shyly looks away.) Not just with Roger?! (Monica shrugs.) Oh my God!
Chandler : Four different women! I've had sex way more times!
Chandler : Nine.
Chandler : Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?
Chandler : Hey that's what I tell girls about me.
Chandler : No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.
Chandler : Okay. (They both realize what he just said.)
Chandler : So was I.
Chandler : We can't do this.
Chandler : Yeah! (Takes it.) If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
Chandler : I do like that.
Chandler : Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
Chandler : Stop it! We're doing this! Let's do it!
Chandler : Okay! (They both get up.)
Chandler : I have some moves.
Chandler : Yeah, let's just forget it.
Chandler : Okay! (She turns out the lights and in the darkened room Chandler starts to moan.)
Chandler : Oh yeah.
Chandler : (sexily) Yeah?
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : Oh, okay! (He rolls over to do that again.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
Chandler : So you uh, want to do something tonight?
Chandler : Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when... (He fakes falling asleep.)
Chandler : Yeah! Totally! Totally, and you?
Chandler : I bet he can.
Chandler : Oh yeah! Yeah! Don't worry about me, I'll be fine! (Does a kara-tay move.)
Chandler : (sticking his head in the door) Okay to come in?
Chandler : Yeah I know, guess who beeped him?
Chandler : I'm the ruptured spleen. (Laughs.)
Chandler : Because you shouldn't be with him. (Pause.) You should be with me.
Chandler : Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
Chandler : I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..." (Monica runs over and kisses him.)
Chandler : No, there were two.
Chandler : Oh yeah. Ending Credits ?
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe.
Chandler : I see where you're goin'!
Chandler : (reminiscing) Ah, finally an explanation.
Chandler : Hey-hey, is Monica here?
Chandler : Okay, look I need your help, I don't know what to get her for Valentine's Day.
Chandler : (laughs) She was working on Valentine's Day so we're celebrating it tonight.
Chandler : Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend (pause) and her brother, (the camera pans to Ross flashing Joey a very evil look; Joey gets scared) I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
Chandler : Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
Chandler : I made a... (Does one of those gibberish words.)
Chandler : Nothing!
Chandler : Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
Chandler : (admiring his work) This, this actually is a... (Does the same gibberish word from before.)
Chandler : Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine's Day gifts?
Chandler : Do we have to make the entire thing?
Chandler : Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
Chandler : (sticking his head back in) What?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : Okay, are you aware unagi (does the finger thing) is an eel?
Chandler : I can't figure out what to make Monica.
Chandler : I'm going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
Chandler : Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Chandler : Wait a minute, I can't give this to her.
Chandler : Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
Chandler : Okay. Okay. (He goes to the closet, moves the clothes out of the way, and notices an empty hanger. He takes the empty hanger and bends it all out of shape. Then he holds it out as if he's giving it to her.) Yes honey, I made it myself. (He throws it down and goes to her chest, grabs something, goes to the bed table, and takes out a pair of scissors. He turns around and holds the scissors to the crotch of the panties he just removed.) I can't do it. I can't do it. (He throws them both down and continues looking. He opens another closet door and finds a tape.) Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!! (He runs out into the living room.) [Cut to the living room, Chandler is entering as Monica finishes wrapping her present for him on the kitchen table.]
Chandler : Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts?
Chandler : Okay, come here! Come here.
Chandler : Now, it's not wrapped because I just, just finished it.
Chandler : But I made you a tape of what I think are all romantic songs.
Chandler : (momentarily terrified) Maybe we'll have to listen and see!
Chandler : Okay!
Chandler : Yeah!
Chandler : It's a sock bunny.
Chandler : Not really.
Chandler : I see. Y'know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
Chandler : Oh, it's okay. I don't...
Chandler : (thinking it over) Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape. (They both run into the bedroom.) Commercial Break ?
Chandler : Wow! (To the sock bunny still on his hand.) You are way to young to have seen that!
Chandler : You are totally and completely 100% forgiven.
Chandler : Yeah! (Takes it off his hand and throws it behind the night-stand.)
Chandler : You have done enough!
Chandler : No you don't-get it in black, not brown. (The oven dings.)
Chandler : Oop! (They both get out of bed and go get some cake.)
Chandler : Well, it's like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake. (As they approach the kitchen, the door opens and in walks in a Joey look-a-like.) Joey's
Chandler : Who the hell is Carl?!
Chandler : Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Chandler : Oh my good God.
Chandler : Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
Chandler : Oh, the mixed tape. (Monica pushes play and The Way You Look Tonight starts to play.)
Chandler : No! You're the sweetest! (He tries to kiss her but Monica backs away with a look that could kill on her face.)
Chandler : I am so, so, so, so sorry!
Chandler : And I will cook anything you want in here (points to the kitchen), and do anything in there! (Points to the bedroom.)
Chandler : Come on Monica, it's our Valentine's Day. Please? Please-please, please?
Chandler : Okay. (They hug.) Janice's
Chandler : So, are we going in there?
Chandler : Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
Chandler : A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
Chandler : Oh, is that against the rules?
Chandler : I see.
Chandler : Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
Chandler : Oh, I don't know man. I haven't talked to her in like ten years.
Chandler : You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred...
Chandler : Oh okay, I'll-I'll try.
Chandler : Yeah so, Tuesday?
Chandler : (sarcastically) Thank you.
Chandler : You just thought of that in there?
Chandler : What are you smiling about? What is so funny?
Chandler : How's your room Rach?
Chandler : Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman? Fireman
Chandler : God, it's great to catch up! I can't believe how long it's been!
Chandler : (on phone) Oh that's great! Good for you.
Chandler : Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm... (Joey mimes throwing something in the air, catching it, rolling it out, putting it in an oven and cutting it.) Can you hold for one second please? (To Joey) What?!
Chandler : (on phone) Hi! I'm back. (Goes to hang up the phone.) Yeah, that sounds great. (Listens) Okay. Well, we'll do it then. (Listens) Okay, bye-bye. (He hangs up the phone and turns around to see Joey standing close to him and screams.)
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : (To Joey) We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
Chandler : Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
Chandler : No, we only went out once.
Chandler : Not once!
Chandler : (laughs) Oh that's great, my friend Joey's in the movie business.
Chandler : (giggles) My friend's name is Joey.
Chandler : Yeah, I've always hated that Howie.
Chandler : The nerve huh?
Chandler : Refill?
Chandler : (entering) Hey.
Chandler : I couldn't do it.
Chandler : Hey, relax I just need more time. We're going to dinner tonight.
Chandler : Uh, Dana Keystone from college.
Chandler : No, that was Dana Caplin. The
Chandler : Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!
Chandler : Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!
Chandler : Oh no-no-no, that's not-No-no-no!
Chandler : No-no-Really?!
Chandler : (breaking up) Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh...
Chandler : Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
Chandler : Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Chandler : Well, the heart wants what it wants. I'll see you later. (He runs off and leaves her with the bill, which the waiter promptly delivers.)
Chandler : (entering, sees Rachel's throw) Ni-hi-ice!
Chandler : (To Joey) So, you busy Thursday?
Chandler : Okay. Okay. (Joey puts him down.) What are you gonna do to me if you get the part?
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : No! No! No! I was so careful! (Runs out.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : So?!
Chandler : It's Thursday! How was the audition?!
Chandler : Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here. (Pats Joey's arm, Joey pats Chandler's shoulder, and Chandler motions for Joey to say the same about him.)
Chandler : So he has to be a male who has at least $50.
Chandler : (laughs) Isn't she cute? (On Monica's death stare) No!
Chandler : So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
Chandler : Oh, tell her good luck with that.
Chandler : Yeah. Do we have any Fruit Roll-Ups?
Chandler : Oh that's so funny because we found someone too.
Chandler : Why would our guy be a weirdo?
Chandler : A face ass?
Chandler : No, our guy is just a floating head.
Chandler : (horrified) Wait! You look? You-you massaged me.
Chandler : Our guy has great hair.
Chandler : Our guy smells incredible.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Well, you...don't look good Joe.
Chandler : That's still in there?!
Chandler : Is this a service you're providing me?
Chandler : Our new fridge? I don't live here anymore.
Chandler : Uh-huh.
Chandler : (not quite sure where Joey's going and is a little worried) Okay...
Chandler : Just tell her the truth! Tell her you're not ready.
Chandler : Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.
Chandler : Joey, I saw you push him!
Chandler : Uh-huh.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break? (Does a little whooping/party noise.)
Chandler : I can see it now, "Look dad, it's the Sphinx!" (Does that party noise again.)
Chandler : Yeah. (Ross leaves to do so and Rachel enters with a guy.)
Chandler : Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!
Chandler : Are you funny?
Chandler : (To Monica) Turns out he is kinda funny. Commercial Break ?
Chandler : Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
Chandler : Okay, so you will meet our guys?
Chandler : Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
Chandler : (To Ross) Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
Chandler : You know the hotels?
Chandler : Well, maybe you don't marry this one.
Chandler : Good-good-good-good.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now? (Laughs) Eldad come here! (He stands up from the next table.)
Chandler : Eldad, sit down. (To Rachel) Move over! Move over now!
Chandler : There you go! There you are! (Rachel stares at Monica and Chandler)
Chandler : Hi. (To Phoebe) Okay, you're too late okay? Because she's already with our guy.
Chandler : It is the softest hair! Touch it! (Both he and Monica do so.)
Chandler : (To Rachel) Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance! (To Eldad) You dance for Rachel! (He starts to get up, but Rachel stops him.)
Chandler : So what was it for anyway?
Chandler : (To Joey) So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
Chandler : That is lucky.
Chandler : Now-now, why would you say that Joseph?
Chandler : ? Whoa, she's pretty. (Mentioning the girl on TV)
Chandler : ? Oh, ok.
Chandler : Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into show business.
Chandler : Oh, are we playing this?!
Chandler : Hey! How'd the audition go?
Chandler : So it did go well.
Chandler : Oh that's great!
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : Oh-oh, what are you doing?
Chandler : Well, it is overdue.
Chandler : (on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy! [The next flashback is from The One With The Prom Video.? Monica is at a job interview at a new restaurant.]
Chandler : Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for (struggles to get this out) Monica's allergies. (The duck quacks.) You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you. (The phone rings.) Should I get that? (Laughs, then answers the phone.) Hello? (Listens) Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message? (Listens) Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from
Chandler : (looks down at his clothes) Am I naked again?!
Chandler : Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?
Chandler : Oh right, your allergies. (Monica leaves and to the chick and duck) All her, she hates you. (Chandler leaves without finishing the message for Joey.)
Chandler : As crazy as soccer? (The phone rings and Joey answers it.)
Chandler : You mean you didn't get it from this?
Chandler : Well, maybe we can fix it y'know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
Chandler : I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
Chandler : Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right? [Joey just laughs as a third set of flashbacks featuring Chandler's mistakes starts. The first flashback is from The One With The Prom Video.? It's Chandler telling Phoebe how much he hates the bracelet Joey bought him.? They're both at Central Perk.]
Chandler : ? You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller!? The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
Chandler : ? Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]
Chandler : ? I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi! [The next flashback is from The One Where Chandler Crosses The Line.? He's telling Joey that he kissed Cathy.]
Chandler : ? Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
Chandler : ? No! No! No! I just kissed her.
Chandler : ? How is that worse?!
Chandler : ? You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Chandler : Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
Chandler : (lets him out) What happened?!!
Chandler : ? What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Chandler : ? So--You got in voluntarily?!
Chandler : ? BEND OVER?!!! [The next flashback is from The One With The Candy Hearts.? Joey and Chandler are waiting at a restaurant as Lorraine and her friend arrive.]
Chandler : Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Chandler : ...And what did you bring?
Chandler : Janice? (Lorraine leaves. Joey shakes his head as though to say, 'It can't be the same Janice.' Janice enters.)
Chandler : Janice?!
Chandler : Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Chandler : Oh come on!? He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
Chandler : Cupping.
Chandler : I can't believe I did this! What an idiot!
Chandler : Do you think he'll ever forgive me?
Chandler : Y'know what? I-I kinda have.
Chandler : You didn't see how mad he was, y'know?
Chandler : (coming out from behind the door) I KNEW IT!!!! [The next flashback is from The One After The Superbowl, Part II.? Monica and Rachel are fighting over who gets to see Jean-Claude Van Damme.]
Chandler : Oh my God!?
Chandler : Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe? (The phone rings and he answers it) (On phone) Hello? (Takes the phone away from his mouth when he realizes what he just did and yells.) Damnit! (Back on phone.) Hello? (Listens.) No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think. (Listens) He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news! (Listens) Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog. (Listens) Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you! (Hangs up and goes to write the message on the Magna-Doodle.) Yes! (Reading what he's writing) Okay, Mac audition at
Chandler : Please tell me you got the message!
Chandler : The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
Chandler : Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
Chandler : Sorry! I-I-I don't know what to say.
Chandler : (angrily) Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!
Chandler : Y'know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!
Chandler : Well that's good. Because you didn't! And I'm incredibly happy for ya!!
Chandler : Oh, we could do this all day.
Chandler : You are gonna be a huge star! I'm gonna hug ya!
Chandler : All right! [What follows is the final set of flashbacks that feature a whole lot of lovin' between Chandler and Joey. There's no words, just hugs and even the kiss from The One With The Monkey. All of this is set to the song, You've Really Got a Hold on Me!] [Cut back to the present, they are still in each other's embrace.]
Chandler : I think so. Yeah, get off me.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : (To Monica) Oh, well thank you in advance. (Kisses her.)
Chandler : Hey!!
Chandler : Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
Chandler : Are you judging them by their covers? Because you're really not supposed to do that.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not Elizabeth's dad?!
Chandler : Ross!
Chandler : There's a Mr. Bing!
Chandler : But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story... (He starts laughing then notices that Paul isn't happy.) You're roommate in college died didn't he?
Chandler : Yes, we were just... (Rachel runs in.)
Chandler : Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
Chandler : No, the little girl creeps me out.
Chandler : Why would the baby creep me out?
Chandler : This is going in your book?
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Damn those robots, they're supposed to be our faithful servants!
Chandler : So do you think uh, Joey's more charming than me?
Chandler : Yeah, you wish. (Stops to think about it and gets depressed.)
Chandler : Who?
Chandler : Hmm.
Chandler : Oh.
Chandler : Oh-oh.
Chandler : We said seven!
Chandler : The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
Chandler : Oh my good God.
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : (disgusted) What does it say?!
Chandler : Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
Chandler : (To Monica) I told you I should not wear this color. (He's wearing a reddish-orange sweater.)
Chandler : So you knew we were gonna miss the movie!
Chandler : Oh I'm so sorry man! Is there anything I can do?
Chandler : Hi, how are ya?
Chandler : (whispering in Joey's ear) The reason he just said.
Chandler : Yeah, I've been there my friend.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : I'll give up my ticket.
Chandler : And I think Ross is generous too.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Ross.
Chandler : (on machine) You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening. (to himself) Yeah we are. The Museum
Chandler : (on phone) This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! (Listens) Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!! Commercial Break ?
Chandler : (gets up) See you later. (Starts to leave.)
Chandler : (angrily) Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask! (He storms out.) (Monica puts the groceries down and goes to check the answering machine and hears.) The Museum
Chandler : (on machine) This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! (The machine beeps off.)
Chandler : I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday. (Does one of those Chandler noises.)
Chandler : Right here! (Clucks like a chicken for some reason.)
Chandler : Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Yes, if it really doesn't mean anything, because you know that I'm just not ready...
Chandler : Okay. (They hug.)
Chandler : Totally.
Chandler : Yeah, it's beautiful.
Chandler : I know. (They hug.) Ending Credits ?
Chandler : Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a (turning to each page) Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a-ah-ah! Paper cut!
Chandler : No, I don't want to tell anybody else because I don't want Monica to find out.
Chandler : Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
Chandler : Me too. (Joey and Ross enter causing Chandler to quickly hide the brochure behind his back.)
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Oh all right.
Chandler : Oh well, we don't because we got...the...other pl-place. (Joey returns with a piece of pizza as Chandler and Phoebe exit.)
Chandler : Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring! (Goes over to another display counter and starts pointing at rings.) Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring! (Notices that one of the jewelers is watching him.) It's a beautiful selection. (The jeweler walks away slowly.)
Chandler : Y'know, I'm so glad I picked you to help me with this.
Chandler : Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring. (Goes to another display counter.) Oh, this one's nice! (Pointing to another ring.) I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Chandler : Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
Chandler : Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you? Male
Chandler : (choking up) Oh my God that's it, that's the ring! How much is it?
Chandler : Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000. Male
Chandler : Uh, credit card. (Reaches for it then realizes) Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey. (To Phoebe) Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
Chandler : No. How are ya Paul? (Starts to look for his credit card.)
Chandler : No, did he hug you?!
Chandler : Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads.
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : I'm a little busy here Paul.
Chandler : Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out. (Paul rushes over and hugs Chandler tightly.) Oh hey! There you go. (The hug continues.) Okay. (The hug continues.)
Chandler : Okay! (Pushes him away.)
Chandler : Do you have my credit card?
Chandler : Thank God! (Grabs his card.)
Chandler : Oh, I can't go.
Chandler : Oh, that's uh, that's pretty nice but I'm gonna go with the one I picked first.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : They put you in jail?
Chandler : Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!
Chandler : Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
Chandler : It was the ring!
Chandler : I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
Chandler : No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye. (Does so and laughs.) Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
Chandler : I can't do that.
Chandler : Okay and he hasn't proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
Chandler : Yeah! Okay, go, go, go get him.
Chandler : (to him) Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back. (The guy isn't sure.) But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring. (Looking at the ring.) Ew.
Chandler : No-no! This is my fiancee (Phoebe) and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
Chandler : Yeah, she's dying... Of a cough apparently.
Chandler : (interrupting her) Okay, that's enough honey!
Chandler : Great! Okay, here. (Holds the ring up for him.)
Chandler : Thank you. Thank you. Thank you! (To his girlfriend) And you are about to marry a wonderful man! (She stunned and he's horrified.) Hey! I'm marrying a dead woman!
Chandler : Guys? (They ignore him.) I've got something important to tell ya. (Still nothing so he walks over and stands in front of the TV.) Guys? (They lean over to try and watch the TV, Chandler mimics them.) Guys?! (Pause) I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Chandler : Yeah, check out the ring. (Shows it to them.)
Chandler : Yep, pretty much.
Chandler : (goes to hug him and stops short) Heyyyy-What?
Chandler : Okay! (They hug.) I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
Chandler : I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Chandler : I know.
Chandler : Check out the ring.
Chandler : Okay, well tonight's the big night.
Chandler : It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : I'm not gonna mess it up.
Chandler : She's not gonna say no.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : (To Phoebe) Give me it!
Chandler : Phoebe! (She takes it out of her mouth and hands it to him as Monica returns from her room and this time forcing Chandler to put the ring in his mouth.)
Chandler : (with his mouthful) Hi Monica. (She goes into the bathroom.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : (glaring at her) Well, Monica and Chandler can't go. We're going to dinner remember?!
Chandler : I just get mad when Rachel doesn't remember where we're going.
Chandler : Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
Chandler : Oh, so you're already doing your part for the kids.
Chandler : Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn't agree to that!
Chandler : Will you marry me? Will you marry me? (Makes like a gun with his fingers.) Hey, you marry me! (He gives up as Joey, Rachel, Phoebe, and Ross slink in all excited.) What's going on little elves?
Chandler : Yeah, right here in my pocket. (Pats his pocket. Phoebe smiles, goes over to hug him, and removes the ring from his pocket.) Pheebs?
Chandler : Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she's gonna know.
Chandler : (To Monica) You are beautiful.
Chandler : (trying to cover up why his hand is over his heart) One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all. (Laughs.) I remembered it. (It's a butchered version of the Pledge of Allegiance of the United States for our foreign friends.) The champagne is here. (The waiter is delivering it and pouring two glasses.)
Chandler : Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
Chandler : Oh, yeah. (Starts to take it off and then realizes) Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Chandler : Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Chandler : Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn't imagine growing old with... (As he's talking Monica notices someone familiar has just entered the restaurant. Let's see; I seem to remember him driving a Ferrari in Hawaii solving crimes as a private investigator and as a certain eye doctor in more recent times.)
Chandler : (not knowing the true meaning of her exclamation) I know, but just let me say it.
Chandler : What?! I'm Chandler! (She nods towards the doorway, Chandler turns and looks) Oh, that's Richard!
Chandler : Hey-hey, hey! (Gets up and hugs him.) I don't know why I did that!
Chandler : (to Richard's date) And uh, you don't have a mustache which is good. (She just smiles.) I'm Chandler; I make jokes when I'm uncomfortable. Richard's
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : Richard! No one supposed to know about us! (Richard just smiles at him.) See I, did it again.
Chandler : Yeah, I'll sit down. (He slides back into his chair.)
Chandler : Yes. (Thinking he's gone.)
Chandler : I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy. (An awkward silence ensues.)
Chandler : What?! (They all drink.)
Chandler : (stopping him from going any further) Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Chandler : Richard!
Chandler : Oh you knew that. Good!
Chandler : For camp!
Chandler : Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you're not careful you may not get married at all this year!
Chandler : (after the door closes) What did you guys just do?!
Chandler : Richard was there so I couldn't do it!
Chandler : I'm gonna do it tomorrow y'know, and-and surprise her, but now you've ruined it!
Chandler : Who walks into a room and asks to see a person's hands?!
Chandler : This is terrible. What am I going to do?
Chandler : That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
Chandler : I can do that, I've had 30 years of practice.
Chandler : Okay, okay, here she comes! (Sits on the couch next to him.) How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to get married?
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites. (Joey laughs.) Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Chandler : Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Chandler : Eh...
Chandler : Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
Chandler : If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Chandler : Well, never say never but y'know probably uh yeah, never.
Chandler : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
Chandler : (to them) It's okay, I got a plan.
Chandler : I was making a coconut phone with the professor.
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : My-Oh my God!
Chandler : He's not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I'm supposed to do that!
Chandler : Well what... Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go over there; I'm gonna kick his ass! (Pause) Will you help me?!
Chandler : You're right.
Chandler : Okay. (Starts running for the bedroom) I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna get the ring! (Does so) I'm gonna go find her and (starts running for the door) I'm just going to propose!
Chandler : Okay great.
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : Where is she? I'm not scared of you! (Averts his eyes and walks in.)
Chandler : (examining the coffee table) Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
Chandler : Well where did she go?
Chandler : Oh my God, I can't believe this! Y'know, I thought...I thought you were a good guy.
Chandler : Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn't tell my girlfriend that you love her?
Chandler : Y'know what? I can't believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
Chandler : And what does she have to think about? I love her!
Chandler : But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
Chandler : It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake! (Sits down heavily.) I was gonna propose tonight.
Chandler : Yeah I even (pause) got a ring. (Puts in on the center cushion.) Did you get a ring?
Chandler : Y'know Richard...you are a good guy.
Chandler : I can't talk to you now, I gotta find Monica!
Chandler : What?
Chandler : What are you talking about?
Chandler : Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
Chandler : Well where... Where did she go?
Chandler : I can't believe I ruined this.
Chandler : Oh my God. (Monica gets down on one knee.)
Chandler : Okay! (He joins her on one knee) Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought... (Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Monica and I are engaged.
Chandler : Thanks.
Chandler : (To Ross) Okay, you get her in here. (To Joey) You bolt the door. I?ll be in the closet. Opening Credits
Chandler : It?s okay, I want this to be your night too. (Raises his class.) To Monica.
Chandler : To Monica! (They all say to Monica, clink their glasses, and drink.)
Chandler : So when you said, "Get up early," did you mean 1986?
Chandler : Okay. (They all leave and Joey comes back in quickly.)
Chandler : Know what I mean?
Chandler : There?s gonna be a wedding. You?re gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
Chandler : (motioning with his hands) I?m not worried, I?m uh, I?m fascinated. Y?know it?s like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me. (Exits as Phoebe enters from her room with her guitar.)
Chandler : Sure, you guys don?t have this problem, you?re made of wood. (Rachel comes out of the bathroom) Hey!
Chandler : You look great!
Chandler : You okay over there?
Chandler : Oh, don?t worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody. [Rachel exits into the hallway just as Ross is coming up the stairs.]
Chandler : (putting his hands up) Take whatever you want, just please don?t hurt me.
Chandler : Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Chandler : Young! You?re a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody?s ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Chandler : Joe?
Chandler : Uhh, you?ve had a lot of sex right?
Chandler : Well, it?s just the reason that I?m asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to?I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn?t?. There huh?hmm, there-there was an incident.
Chandler : It?s happened to you?
Chandler : Well, what?d you do?
Chandler : (angrily) I don?t think that?s what they were talking about Joe!!
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : Yes, you can pass for 19.
Chandler : Yes!
Chandler : Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
Chandler : Now Monica, I know you?re upset, but don?t forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there?s going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
Chandler : We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la (mumbles something).
Chandler : Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it?s romantic, but because I can!
Chandler : Okay, don?t say anything, you might scare it away. (There is a knock on the door.)
Chandler : It?s Paris, who knows we?re here!
Chandler : Pheebs, we?re not giving you a deposit for our wedding!
Chandler : Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don?t care! (Monica opens the door to Ross and Rachel.)
Chandler : What a great apology! (To Monica) And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
Chandler : (entering) Ahh, third base.
Chandler : (To Ross) Why to save your dignity my man.
Chandler : Well, somebody should. (Monica glares at him.) [Cut to Rachel?s bedroom.]
Chandler : How is that ever going to happen?!
Chandler : (To Ross) I don?t care, she slept with me.
Chandler : Thanks.
Chandler : (interrupting her just in time) Hey! Here?s a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Chandler : Okay. (Goes back to bed.)
Chandler : What's the matter honey?
Chandler : (incredulous) Already?!
Chandler : Oh, I got some thoughts on that.
Chandler : What in God's name is that?!
Chandler : Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick... (Off of Rachel and Monica's looks) And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
Chandler : Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place?
Chandler : Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Centerpieces!
Chandler : Definitely roses. (Monica and Rachel exchange a look.) Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy. (Monica holds the Lily picture closer to him.) But Lilies are the clear choice.
Chandler : Uh-huh!
Chandler : Oh yeah, I should probably call them. Mr.
Chandler : Oh, I don't think I ever heard that story.
Chandler : What a sweet story.
Chandler : Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal. (Starts to make up for lost time and takes a big swig of his drink.)
Chandler : I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to (Pause) Dollywood.
Chandler : Honey, it's gonna be okay.
Chandler : Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
Chandler : Well, I have some.
Chandler : Well, close to... (Notices Rachel leaning in to hear and decides to write it on a piece of paper and hand it to Monica as Phoebe averts her eyes.)
Chandler : Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding? Rachel and
Chandler : Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Chandler : No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Chandler : Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
Chandler : Yes, I am!
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Ehh.
Chandler : Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Chandler : Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Chandler : Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
Chandler : Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Chandler : Sure you do.
Chandler : You sure?
Chandler : I love you so much.
Chandler : Oh yeah, totally!
Chandler : Hey, you guys! Ross and
Chandler : So, what do you think?
Chandler : Are you kidding? Okay, I?ll give you a hint; I?ll give you a hint. (Points to his glasses.)
Chandler : I got glasses!
Chandler : No I didn?t!
Chandler : No!
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : (sitting down on the arm of her chair) You didn?t think I used to wear glasses, right?
Chandler : That?s okay Pheebs, we?re not having a party or anything, so you don?t have to get us?
Chandler : What we want honey.
Chandler : Dying people say the craziest things.
Chandler : Our kids are gonna be fat aren?t they.
Chandler : Hey! How?s the boat?!
Chandler : Well, it?s good that you finally have a place to do that.
Chandler : Do you know what I was thinkin??
Chandler : Nothing, I just like to go like this. (Does it again.)
Chandler : Uh why, do you have a lecture?
Chandler : Then free as a bird. What?s up?
Chandler : Well, did-did you correct him?
Chandler : Oh no problem, maybe I?ll play with my left hand.
Chandler : Does anybody know me?! (Phoebe enters, walks up to Monica, and exhales exasperatedly.)
Chandler : Don?t worry about it Pheebs.
Chandler : An old cookie?
Chandler : We can?t accept this.
Chandler : ?Cause it?s gross.
Chandler : Okay, we owe you a present.
Chandler : I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
Chandler : Daddy. All right look, here?s the story. (Flashback to Chandler about to enter the steam room as he does the voice-over.) Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy. (The flashback shows his glasses fog up and him trying to find his way around the steam filled room. He takes off his glasses.) So I take off my glasses and that?s when in happened. [Cut to the flashback, Chandler?s no longer doing the voice-over.]
Chandler : Guys?
Chandler : I know.
Chandler : Why do they put so much steam in there?!
Chandler : Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?
Chandler : Not that big a deal? There?there was touching of things.
Chandler : I don?t want him to tell this story for years.
Chandler : If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
Chandler : (getting up) All right, I?m off to see your dad.
Chandler : Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face?And by face I don?t mean his lap. And by face, I don?t mean my ass. (Exits.)
Chandler : So you understand, I?d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn?t tell people what happened. Y?know, I?m a little?I?m a little embarrassed about it. Mr.
Chandler : What did you do when they found out? Mr.
Chandler : So I guess we wear swimsuits in here! Ending Credits
Chandler : It?s your mommy. It?s your mommy.
Chandler : That was one of the worse things ever. And not just on TV.
Chandler : And say nothing?
Chandler : No-no-no-no. (Waves him away as Monica and Phoebe enter whispering to each other.) Hey! (Monica shushes him.)
Chandler : Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
Chandler : Secret? Married people aren?t supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
Chandler : No I?m serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
Chandler : Oh no-no, I can?t do that.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we?re on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
Chandler : No, he visited a little town south of throw up. (Monica laughs hysterically.) So what was Phoebe?s secret?
Chandler : That?s it?! I gave up my Disneyland story for that?
Chandler : (angrily) Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
Chandler : What about him?
Chandler : Let me see this guy. (Phoebe hands him the picture.) W-H-Wow! Don?t show this to Monica! And don?t tell her about the W-H-Wow!
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Oh it?s always nicer to here than, "Aw crap! You again!"
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Oh yeah?
Chandler : Did you not understand the story?
Chandler : Hey! What?s up?
Chandler : Huh.
Chandler : No! (The oven dings.) Shhh!
Chandler : Nancy Thompson?s getting fired! (Monica slaps him on the shoulder.)
Chandler : I had too okay?! We?re getting married! Married couples can?t keep secrets from one another!
Chandler : Du-ude!
Chandler : Did you not hear me say, "Du-ude?!"
Chandler : In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy.
Chandler : Ho-ho, so hard we had to throw out your underwear again?
Chandler : You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
Chandler : Ross came in forth and cried!
Chandler : (To Monica) Of course it is. (Mouths to Ross) Wow?whoa!
Chandler : Hey!!!
Chandler : That was you!
Chandler : (To Monica) You have no trouble telling time now right?
Chandler : Quick! What time is it?! (Holds his watch in front of her face.)
Chandler : Y?know when I said that because we?re getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
Chandler : Yeah that was stupid. Let?s not do that.
Chandler : Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn?t hang out with?all the guys in my office. (Ross storms out.) Ending Credits
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!
Chandler : What are you guys doing?
Chandler : Oooh, I?m afraid that does not exist.
Chandler : No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who?s going like this? (Makes what can only be described as a toothy frown. Henceforth, this shall be known as The Face.)
Chandler : I don?t know what it is, I just can?t take a good picture.
Chandler : Yeah, I?m not in that.
Chandler : All right, but I should warn you, I?m not going. I?m going. (Does The Face while saying that last part.) Opening Credits
Chandler : How about those three pointers?
Chandler : And those guys were this (Doing the standard "This Close" gesture) close to lettin? us play this time too. (They both get dejected and go sit down.)
Chandler : Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.
Chandler : They have that on the napkins at the club.
Chandler : Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y?know you can?t date him right?
Chandler : Dude that is so sad.
Chandler : Could I play?
Chandler : Okay. (Does The Face.) The
Chandler : No, I am.
Chandler : I do? (He smiles, beautifully.)
Chandler : Okay. (You?ll have to see it, I can?t describe the face he makes, but it isn?t good.)
Chandler : Aww! (Smiles.)
Chandler : Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
Chandler : I can?t help it!
Chandler : Borrow money from me?
Chandler : Why is there jelly on your shoe?
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : (Pause) I?m right here!
Chandler : I?m still right here!
Chandler : Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me?
Chandler : Can you people not see me?! (He waves his arms around to get their attention.)
Chandler : There I am!
Chandler : Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
Chandler : Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
Chandler : I don?t know, but don?t worry, don?t worry, because I know how to take a picture now. (They get ready) Okay, see? Look down (Looks down), look down, look down? (He falls asleep.)
Chandler : (awakens) Yeah! (Looks up and does The Face.)
Chandler : Ahhh.
Chandler : Oh yeah, that looks good.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : I?m marrying her.
Chandler : Die Hard still great!
Chandler : What?d you rent?
Chandler : (looking at the tape) Joey, this is Die Hard 1 again.
Chandler : Yeah, I just got uh, got plans.
Chandler : No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
Chandler : That?s sweet.
Chandler : So uh, what did this woman look like?
Chandler : Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
Chandler : No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive? (Thinks a little while.) Hold on one second; let me check this out. (He gets up and grabs a photo album.
Chandler : Well, let?s see? (Finding the picture he wants.) Okay uh, is that her? (Pointing to the picture.)
Chandler : Julie Grath, my camp girlfriend.
Chandler : (pause) No, we?re still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Chandler : Well, ?cause she came back the third summer and she?d gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow?
Chandler : I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow?"
Chandler : Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
Chandler : Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget. (Monica is not amused by that statement.) Seriously, good luck marrying me.
Chandler : Can you figure out what I?m doing?
Chandler : Who?
Chandler : Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
Chandler : What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
Chandler : Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
Chandler : (she opens the door) Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
Chandler : (To Monica) It?s a nickname, I?ll explain later.
Chandler : Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
Chandler : You-you-you didn?t know that. (Pause as she nods no.) Well, I guess my work here is done!
Chandler : As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I?m going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
Chandler : I would really love it if could do both.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : A hundred and forty-five pounds.
Chandler : Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Chandler : Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
Chandler : You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
Chandler : Look you have to realize I don?t think of you as a thin, beautiful woman. (Monica glares at him.) See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you?re Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
Chandler : So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
Chandler : I?d carry you around in my pocket.
Chandler : Skidmark?s still got a way with the ladies.
Chandler : ?Come on! Why are we here?!
Chandler : The hot chicks?
Chandler : Wow that?s actually pretty cool.
Chandler : Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system. (They go around the last row of bookshelves and find a couple doing what college coeds do in secluded corners of university libraries. For those of you who don?t know what I?m talking about, let?s just say that clothing is undone. Ross gasps and the couple gets up and runs away.) Female
Chandler : You didn?t bring me here to do that, did you?
Chandler : OH?MY?GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn?t tell her we were getting married, did you?
Chandler : Did she freak out?
Chandler : Right.
Chandler : (laughs) You said no right?
Chandler : You said no right?!
Chandler : Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check?s in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can?t wait to read your book Ross!!
Chandler : What do you think she?s just gonna sit there quietly? You don?t think she?s gonna want to make a toast? You don?t think she?s gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Chandler : Y?know what? It?s gonna be okay. Y?know what? She?s probably not gonna even want to come.
Chandler : No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?
Chandler : Yes!!
Chandler : Yes!!!
Chandler : Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it?s going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We?re not even sure why we?re having it.
Chandler : I say we go with Careless Whisper. (There?s a knock on the door and Janice enters.)
Chandler : (To Monica) Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
Chandler : Aren?t you just a tinsy bit curious?
Chandler : No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever!
Chandler : Is that what you?re thinking about right now?
Chandler : Janice, I?m sorry but umm, you can?t stay here tonight.
Chandler : Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not. (And she does the laugh.)
Chandler : Say again?
Chandler : Feelings, such strong feelings.
Chandler : No, no, no. No-no-no. Joey, Rachel, and
Chandler : No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
Chandler : Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen (looks over to Monica).
Chandler : Oh, okay, time's up!
Chandler : Oh that's not bad, Pheebs?
Chandler : Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in?vegetables, Joey?
Chandler : Does South Oregon have a sports-team? (Joey strikes one from his list) There you go. [Cut to the girls in the kitchen.]
Chandler : Oooh that may be a New World's record (Looks at his watch and picks up Ross' pad)
Chandler : Uh, Magellan? You got 46 states. (Smiles and hands Ross back his pad)
Chandler : I am only one man! (Monica heads out) Okay Ross, time is up!
Chandler : Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
Chandler : Okay, but if you can't?no dinner!
Chandler : Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
Chandler : I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
Chandler : Which smells delicious!
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!
Chandler : Huh! Where is the dog?!
Chandler : Phoebe, we can hear the dog barking!
Chandler : What is it doing here?
Chandler : Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
Chandler : (gasping) Really?
Chandler : Well, it still has to go, right? Monica and
Chandler : Okay, it's um?
Chandler : (to Joey) I have to! Okay? It's time! (Joey shrugs as if to say, "Do what you have to do") Okay, I hate dogs.
Chandler : They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
Chandler : (scared) Is there a puppy here?
Chandler : (to Tag) Okay, you are new!
Chandler : Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
Chandler : And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go. (An awkward silence ensues.) Oh my god!! [Time lapse, Ross is still doing Chandler's game. Tag is heading for the balcony.]
Chandler : (comes out of the bathroom) Here I am.
Chandler : How did you?know? (Heads back into the bathroom) [Phoebe waves Monica in. Monica sneaks in with the bag with Clunkers in it and heads for Phoebe's room.]
Chandler : (comes out of the bathroom) Where's Monica?
Chandler : Why not? (We can hear the dog whining at a high pitch.)
Chandler : Well, I, I should go in there.
Chandler : Why not?
Chandler : This is ridiculous. (He heads for Phoebe's bedroom)
Chandler : Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
Chandler : Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Chandler : And that doesn't scare you? (He walks out)
Chandler : No, no he went for a walk.
Chandler : Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.
Chandler : Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y?know, for you, and?(Clears his throat) I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain. (Points up and then over to the street)
Chandler : Clunkers?! Oh my god!
Chandler : (to Clunkers) It is so good to see you!
Chandler : It's up to you. [Ross whines and starts working again. The door opens and Tag enters.]
Chandler : All right.
Chandler : You got it. (Starts looking at the pad, while Ross got the turkey out of the fridge and starts to unwrap and it) You got Nevada twice.
Chandler : Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there. (Does so.)
Chandler : Okay. Okay.
Chandler : That sounds like my first bike. (They all turn and look at him.) My dad gave me his old one.
Chandler : Hey! What are you guys doing?
Chandler : I?m sorry, who?
Chandler : But we don?t know the neighbors.
Chandler : Wouldn?t it be easier if we just moved?
Chandler : Eh, somebody?s in a good mood!
Chandler : Well, either that or uh?(Motions towards Joey?s door.)
Chandler : (about to cry) Am not!
Chandler : Don?t worry, I?m brave! I am brave! I?I am brave! (They get to the door and Monica goes to open it.) No-no-no-no!! (He stops her.) (Through the door.) Can you tell me who is there please? The
Chandler : (laughs)
Chandler : I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work! (Monica looks at him) (To Monica) He does not know that I am not some of us.
Chandler : Mm! Night Gar?! (Monica closes the door.)
Chandler : Hey, you cry every time somebody talks about Titanic!
Chandler : Hey! So are you enjoying the bike?
Chandler : (with his mouth full) What happened? I?m just eating candy.
Chandler : Absolutely! Y?know, because touchie can mean both ass and good worker.
Chandler : What is the matter with you?
Chandler : Maybe, isn?t she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Chandler : Yeah, that?s her. The
Chandler : Y?know what would work?
Chandler : Stop making candy!
Chandler : You mean they like you.
Chandler : Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
Chandler : (asking a man leaning against the wall) What is going on? The
Chandler : Joey!
Chandler : What are you doing?
Chandler : Get in here! (They head for the door and Chandler sees Smokes-A-Lot Lady standing next to the door and smoking, to her) Hey, and you can not smoke in here! (Takes the cigarette and takes a drag for himself.) (Exhaling in ecstasy) Merry Christmas.
Chandler : All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down! (They settle down) What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I?ll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right? The
Chandler : No not (imitating) Candy Lady.
Chandler : All right, y?know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You?ve ruined it! Go home! You?ve ruined it! You?ve ruined it!
Chandler : You?re welcome. (They kiss.)
Chandler : No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh?are you okay?
Chandler : Buh-bye. (Hangs up the phone) I just got us reservations at Michelle?s and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
Chandler : ?betrothed couple.
Chandler : Hey! Rachel and
Chandler : Pheebs?
Chandler : Skull?
Chandler : How long have we been home?
Chandler : Lovely! Opening Credits
Chandler : Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
Chandler : Why not?
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again?
Chandler : Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
Chandler : No reason, except?she?told?me.
Chandler : No! No, she didn't say that. I-I-I think you should talk to Monica now.
Chandler : Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
Chandler : (to the Maitre d') Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please? (Laughs.)
Chandler : Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the Musicman at
Chandler : Is this because of the burrito thing?
Chandler : Give him money? It was a joke!
Chandler : Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
Chandler : Hey, I can be smooth. (Walks back to the Maitre d', very smoothly) Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it. (Shakes his hand) Maitre
Chandler : Okay. (Walks back to Monica)
Chandler : Had the money in the wrong hand. (Shows her his left hand with the money in it)
Chandler : How do you know so much about this?
Chandler : Richard used to do it, didn't he?
Chandler : Mustached bastard?
Chandler : (walks up to the Maitre d') Excuse me... [Chandler can't find his money in the pocket. In the meantime, another couple shows up, and Chandler turns away to look for his money] Male
Chandler : (finds his money) Ahh-hahaha! (Turns around to give the Maitre d' his money, but he isn't there anymore)
Chandler : Thank you Gunther, put it there. (He gets up, and shakes Gunther's hand. A bunch of coins fall out his hand. He sits down next to Monica.) Definitely not easier with coins. (Joey gets up and picks up the coins. Chandler thinks, Joey is just helping him to pick them up.) Thank you.
Chandler : Hey Pheebs!
Chandler : If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Chandler : (entering in a Santa costume) Ho, ho, ho! Merry Christmas!
Chandler : Hey! (Grunts as Ben hits him at full speed.)
Chandler : Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird?turtle-man?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : You bet I did, Ben, put it there! (He shakes Ben's hand, but the money falls out of his hands) (to Monica) Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small! (Realizes, that Ben is standing right there) Ho, ho, ho!
Chandler : You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Chandler : Fine, I'll give the suit back. [Ross turns around and walks back to Ben.]
Chandler : Santa? Really?
Chandler : Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
Chandler : Then it's okay! (They kiss.)
Chandler : Because, if Santa and the Holiday?Armadillo? (Ross nods) ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Chandler : Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
Chandler : My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt. (Glaring at Joey who?s nodding.)
Chandler : Ohh. Mmm.
Chandler : Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
Chandler : (nervously) It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
Chandler : I?no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
Chandler : Because it's too delicious.
Chandler : No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate, (Reading the label) Momma?s Little Bakery. (Pause) I feel terrible, I?m a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Chandler : So?
Chandler : Oh, what?s at
Chandler : Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie?s made some new friends.
Chandler : I used to undress my cousin Glenn. (Monica looks at him then sushes him.)
Chandler : Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
Chandler : I can?t seem to say goodbye.
Chandler : Well I?ve forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
Chandler : (closing the box) Y?know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Chandler : Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?
Chandler : Well, thank you for lunch.
Chandler : So apparently we just don?t pay for food anymore. (Rachel laughs then Chandler notices something.) Do you see what I see?
Chandler : Mrs. Braverman must be out. (They move closer to it.)
Chandler : By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don?t want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
Chandler : Well, we don?t want that.
Chandler : But we should take it.
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! (Rachel grabs the cheesecake and they take off upstairs.)
Chandler : I?m full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I?ll regret it.
Chandler : What are you doing tonight?
Chandler : Dude! Dude! (Motions that Joey should pull up his pants.)
Chandler : Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at
Chandler : That?s what Monica said.
Chandler : Are you eating the cheesecake without me?!
Chandler : I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now. (She tries to whistle and blows little chunks of cheesecake out of her mouth.) How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Chandler : Y?know what? I don?t trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I?m takin? it back! (Grabs the cheesecake and heads for his apartment.)
Chandler : Oh yes!
Chandler : Oh yes!
Chandler : Oh yes! Oh yes!
Chandler : Well that?s not fair, you?ve already had some!
Chandler : What do we use to split it?
Chandler : (examining the cake) Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh? There?s more crust on this side. Y?know? So, maybe if I measured?
Chandler : All right, I?ll pick that one. (Points.)
Chandler : (gloatingly and holding his piece) Ohhh!
Chandler : Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don?t come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my? (Rachel knocks the plate from his hand and it falls on the floor. That process leaves just the forkful Chandler has, Rachel starts to go after that little bit and Chandler retreats into his apartment.)
Chandler : Stick to your side!
Chandler : (looking up with her) That?s a plane!
Chandler : (with a quivering voice) No, I?m not!
Chandler : Because it?s flattering! (Shivers harder) Come on Monica! Come on Monica! (He goes inside.)
Chandler : (whispering) Monica!
Chandler : I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Chandler : Sorry, I just?can?t sleep. Ooh! (Turns on the light and Monica groans.) Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I?m like?(Fake snores.)
Chandler : What?! (Monica kicks him in the shin.) Ow! (He gets out of bed and heads into the living room.)
Chandler : Shhhhhhhhh!!! (Monica enters) I?m sorry, I thought maybe I?d make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
Chandler : It got interesting! Damn you Oprah!
Chandler : Hey, y?know what we can do? Y?know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y?know like we did when we were first going out. It?d be fun!
Chandler : Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
Chandler : (Pause) No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
Chandler : That?s correct.
Chandler : (startled) What? What? What?
Chandler : Yeah! You?
Chandler : (intrigued) Yeah? (Monica nods yes.) I hope you?re not thinking about cleaning the living room.
Chandler : Do you know what just happened?
Chandler : No. We were in the middle of sex?and you fell asleep.
Chandler : (turning the light back on) Monica?
Chandler : I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Yeah! (Monica falls asleep) No! No! No! Don?t fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee. (Monica doesn?t move as he gets out of bed and as he?s heading for the door.) And I probably won?t spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
Chandler : Hm-hmm, I told you! (Looks at the clock) I can?t believe that I?ve only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
Chandler : Well, you?re not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes?
Chandler : Do you wanna?
Chandler : Couldn?t I just say, "This is Ross?"
Chandler : (knocking on the window while outside) Sorry! (Runs off.)
Chandler : Joey! Joe! (Sees that he?s not here and starts investigating. He picks up the bag of chips.) Full bag. (He picks up the beer.) Beer?s still cold. Something terrible must?ve happened here! (He decides it?s not that important; sits down on Rosita, and the back falls off causing him to flip over.) Oh no-no-no-no-no-no! (Runs over to Stevie.) Stevie, I was never here! (Runs out.)
Chandler : My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita! (He runs out the door, grabs the back of Rosita, and we can hear Joey and Rachel talking as they are coming up the stairs. Neither of them have reached the landing yet.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Yeah, I?d love to but I?ve tried that so many times they won?t even let me in the store anymore.
Chandler : (excitedly) Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
Chandler : That?s awesome! That?s great! What made you do it?!
Chandler : Whoa-whoa-whoa! You broke Joey?s chair?
Chandler : I thought I broke Joey?s chair! That?s why I replaced it with mine!
Chandler : Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it?
Chandler : I?m gettin? my chair back! (Heads for Joey and Rachel?s.)
Chandler : Joey you broke my chair!!
Chandler : I think I should get the chair! (Rachel and Joey both laugh at that suggestion.)
Chandler : Because you (Points to Joey) broke a chair and you (Points to Rachel) broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn?t broke a chair, is me!
Chandler : Well, where?s the logic in that?!
Chandler : So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing! (Joey whispers in Rachel?s ear to confirm his response.)
Chandler : What are you guys? Like a gang or something?! (They confer again.)
Chandler : (To Monica) She?s not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
Chandler : No Rach, it?s not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn?t that much fun. [Flashback to Chandler?s thirtieth birthday party. It is also being held in Monica and his apartment. He is about to blow out the candles on his birthday cake.]
Chandler : Ross, a sports car? Wouldn?t it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
Chandler : (To Joey) Would you put that back on?! Monica?s gonna be here any minute!
Chandler : (frustrated) Okay, for the last time. It?s not named for each individual man. (Joey walks away and Mr. and Mrs. Geller walk up. Mr. Geller is wearing this ancient velvet tuxedo.) Mrs.
Chandler : Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can?t believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter! (To Mr. Geller) And you! I can?t believe that you would have a tux that?s thirty years old! (Puts his hand on Mr. Geller?s shoulder.) Mr.
Chandler : Ohh! (He quickly removes his hand and looks at it.)
Chandler : Okay! Okay! Everybody down! Everybody down! (Rachel turns off the lights and everyone crouches. As everyone crouches, a ripping noise erupts from the assemblage.) Mr.
Chandler : (getting up to investigate) Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out what?s going on. (He goes out into the hall and finds a very drunk Monica lying up against Joey and Rachel?s door.)
Chandler : Hey-hey are you drunk?
Chandler : Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Chandler : Yes!
Chandler : Yes!!
Chandler : Okay, here?s the thing. We?re gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you?re drunk.
Chandler : Yeah, I?ll take care of it.
Chandler : (laughing) Okay we have to do something about your breath.
Chandler : That?s still yours. Okay, now remember it?s a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
Chandler : Okay. (Chandler opens the door and Monica sneaks up on it. They go inside.)
Chandler : Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
Chandler : See? (Does his laugh.) Here we go. (Starts walking her to their room, and has to pass in front of Mr. Geller who?s sitting at the table and Mrs. Geller who?s standing next to him.) Mr.
Chandler : (correcting her) Phil.
Chandler : Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed. (Monica stumbles on the steps.) Okay, (catches her) you?re doing great. You?re doing great. You?re doing fine. (Phoebe approaches as they almost get to their room.)
Chandler : Monica?s a little drunk.
Chandler : (To Monica) Go change! (To Phoebe) She doesn?t want her parents to know she?s drunk.
Chandler : Monica?s wasted.
Chandler : (To Rachel) Okay, will you just go help her change please!
Chandler : Okay, open ours next. Open ours next!
Chandler : For my last birthday you gave me a hug! (To Rachel) Okay, read the card! Read the card!
Chandler : No-no-no-no! That was the joke!
Chandler : No, because you?re not a grandmother!
Chandler : (to a waiter) Oh that?s great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please? (The waiter comes over) There we go.
Chandler : (To Monica) How are you feeling?
Chandler : (To Monica) Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don?t talk to anyone.
Chandler : Pheebs!!
Chandler : I think it?s necessary. (Backs away anyhow.)
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Okay, here we go.
Chandler : Hey! How?d it go?
Chandler : Well, here we are, just a bunch of thirty year olds.
Chandler : (To Ross) Monica said wedding.
Chandler : Do you think you could get through a poem?
Chandler : Too?
Chandler : Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking. (Winks in a spy-type manner.)
Chandler : That?s great!
Chandler : So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Chandler : Don?t do it.
Chandler : I think it?s the dying cat parade.
Chandler : (turning around and looking) Oh my God!
Chandler : Y?know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You?re half Scottish right?"
Chandler : Yes!! [Cut to Ross?s apartment, he his playing the Bagpipes, badly. He?s worse than that whole keyboard thing a few years ago.] Commercial Break
Chandler : Why is your family Ross?!
Chandler : If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
Chandler : Well, I feel like a snack!
Chandler : Oh no thanks. I don?t like any thing from my Scottish heritage.
Chandler : Well it?s just my entire family was run out of Scotland by?Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories. (Makes a few unintelligible noises.)
Chandler : We heard you play all the way from your apartment!
Chandler : That?s not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don?t feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
Chandler : Because we hate them.
Chandler : We have heard you play.
Chandler : No! (Ross throws the bagpipes down in disgust.)
Chandler : You mean the spitter?
Chandler : Easy for you to say; you?ll be wearing a veil.
Chandler : You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
Chandler : Sorry, I just don?t like the idea of when I say, "I do," he?s thinking, "Yeah, I?d do her too!"
Chandler : Yeah!
Chandler : Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
Chandler : We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
Chandler : No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
Chandler : Joe?
Chandler : (To Monica) Y?know, we haven?t found anybody else.
Chandler : Yeah you can do it.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Our minister?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : (To Monica) Should we call the spitter? Commercial Break
Chandler : Yeah. O-okay.
Chandler : See Joe, not that that?s not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y?know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
Chandler : No, not us? (Motions Joey and him.) Us! (Motions Monica and him.)
Chandler : See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y?know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Chandler : Joe?
Chandler : Isn?t that what happened with you and the bride?s maid?
Chandler : And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
Chandler : But then later that night?
Chandler : (answering the door) Hey!
Chandler : Well I was? I was exactly expecting company after?(He looks at his watch.)
Chandler : Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride?s maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you?re not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Chandler : Well, look it?s been a really emotional time y?know, and you?ve had a lot to drink. And you?ve just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
Chandler : You kidding? You?re the most beautiful woman in most rooms? (She jumps up and kisses him.) (Breaking the kiss.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What?s going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Chandler : But we don?t do that.
Chandler : How drunk are you?
Chandler : (thinks) That?s the perfect amount!
Chandler : What?
Chandler : I know.
Chandler : Well, I have kissed over four women. (They kiss again.) Do you wanna get under the covers?
Chandler : Okay! (They do so and they take off their clothes.)
Chandler : It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
Chandler : Yep!
Chandler : Count of three?
Chandler : Two!
Chandler : Three! (They lift up the covers and check each other out, then come back up with silly grins on their faces.)
Chandler : Well I think it?s safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Chandler : Eh! (They start making out again, and it takes Joey trying to enter to stop them.)
Chandler : Joey! Joey! Joey! J-J-Joey-Joey-J-Joey! (Monica hides under the covers as Joey enters. Remember?)
Chandler : Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e? (Notices that the TV is turned off.)
Chandler : No! No! No!
Chandler : They?re in my bag over there. (Points.)
Chandler : Uh, could you leave me one?
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : No I-I-I?m fine.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Who did you originally want to hook up with?
Chandler : (To Monica) So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Chandler : Oh, it?s not important? It?s not important?! If it wasn?t for a bride?s maid you?d be marrying him (Points to Joey) not me!
Chandler : I don?t believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I?m runner up.
Chandler : (To Joey) Look there is no way you?re doing this wedding now. Okay?
Chandler : Okay, it?s just weird! Okay? I don?t want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need?I don?t know what I need. I need a walk.
Chandler : It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin. (Walks out and slams the door.)
Chandler : Hey. Do you want this scone? (Holds up his plate) It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Chandler : Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding?
Chandler : How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
Chandler : That?s what you should say.
Chandler : When you?re marrying us; that?s what you should say.
Chandler : I?d love it if you would do it.
Chandler : But those are the words! Those exact words!
Chandler : Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
Chandler : So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we?re trying to get to play at the wedding?
Chandler : Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Chandler : Gap commercial. (To Monica) So did you book them? Did you call?
Chandler : Do you want me to call?
Chandler : Staying out of the way.
Chandler : Sure! That?s one of the great things about being engaged. I?m not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore. The
Chandler : (To Ross) Smooth.
Chandler : So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Chandler : Huh.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Uh Joe, when it?s one o?clock in the morning and you don?t come by? That?s okay!
Chandler : Really? Right across the street?
Chandler : When?d you meet her?
Chandler : Excellent! Y?know Ross met somebody too!
Chandler : Hi! How?d it go?
Chandler : (sarcastically shocked) Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross?s situation?
Chandler : So this is nice! I wish I didn?t have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to. (He gets up and Joey moves over next to Ross.) Oh uh, by the way, what?s the name the girl you?re dating? Joey and
Chandler : Bye! (Exits.) Commercial Break
Chandler : Joey got meat sauce on the banister again! (He goes into the bathroom to wash his hands.)
Chandler : (returning) What are you guys talking about?
Chandler : But I love swing music!
Chandler : Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there?s another reason too.
Chandler : I don?t want to say.
Chandler : Well it?s just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was?the first time I knew that?you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
Chandler : Hi, honey! I?m home!
Chandler : Why? Do you another boyfriend in there or something?
Chandler : Y?know it?s funny I started it but, now it?s scary me. So could you come out here please?
Chandler : Oh you got a wedding dress? That?s great!
Chandler : Well then why can?t I see it?
Chandler : Okay I promise. I?ll-I?ll hate it. (She enters.) Wow! You-you look?hideous.
Chandler : Yeah, that?s like the most ugliest dress I?ve ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Chandler : Oh that?s great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it?s like yuck! It?s terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
Chandler : Okay! Ending Credits
Chandler : (without turning around) I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
Chandler : Oh totally! (Holds up his finger.) Pull my finger.
Chandler : Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
Chandler : Kinda. They?re really big.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : No. No, see when I first meet somebody it?s uh it?s mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Chandler : Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I?m afraid even more sweating.
Chandler : I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship. (Monica laughs.) Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Chandler : Well yeah! But now that I know that you?re having these thoughts, I?m back to panic, anxiety, and uh I?m definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Chandler : (hoarsely) Water! Water! Water!
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Y?know I?m-I?m really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.
Chandler : Y?know I was thinking if we had a?a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours?
Chandler : Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
Chandler : That?s me! Come on!
Chandler : Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.
Chandler : (transfixed) Hi! Nice to meet you!
Chandler : I?ll be right with you.
Chandler : I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It?s called being a good conversationalist. Watch. (Stares at Monica?s eyes.) Say something.
Chandler : Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
Chandler : This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins.
Chandler : Y?know I think we should invite them.
Chandler : Well this is just sad!
Chandler : Well, thanks a lot for hookin? me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
Chandler : (sees another rack) Well, what?s the deal with these? These-these look nice.
Chandler : You mean like for award shows?
Chandler : You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
Chandler : Okay, who wore those? (Points to the tuxedos.)
Chandler : Not bad.
Chandler : Who?s that?
Chandler : Pierce Brosnan?
Chandler : Are you serious?
Chandler : 007?! This is James Bond?s tux?!
Chandler : Oh, I have to get married in James Bond?s tux!
Chandler : Oh, it?s not just that, I would be England?s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty?s secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill. (Worried.) Would Monica let me wear this?
Chandler : A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : You can?t wear that! I?m wearing the famous tux! James Bond?s tux!
Chandler : So?If you wear that you?ll make mine less special.
Chandler : Please, don?t take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!
Chandler : Look, it?s my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
Chandler : That was pretty 007.
Chandler : Ross is Batman!
Chandler : Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
Chandler : Batman has a utility belt!
Chandler : Batman has the Batmobile!
Chandler : Batman has Robin! (Pause) We get ESPN right?
Chandler : Actually, I don?t like martinis.
Chandler : Ooh, yum! (Runs into the bedroom.)
Chandler : I would but mine doesn?t fit. The pants are a little tight.
Chandler : Well, does that mean that you?re not going to wearing yours?
Chandler : (standing up) Let me try it on!
Chandler : (trying on the jacket) Okay. Holy double-vented comfort Batman! (Finds something in the pocket) What?s this?
Chandler : An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn?t wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
Chandler : The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell. (Hands him the jacket and walks away.)
Chandler : Well, you?re welcome. And tell them we?re really glad they?re coming.
Chandler : (yelling from the changing room) All right! I found one that fits!
Chandler : Whose is it?
Chandler : Whose is it?
Chandler : Oh, come on! I don?t care! Come on! Whose is it?
Chandler : Do you realize you get louder each week?
Chandler : I figured I?d buy those. Pat, I?d like to buy a vow. (Laughs)
Chandler : Right. So uh, have you written yours yet?
Chandler : Do you happen to know what I?m going to say?
Chandler : (watching in her) (in his head) Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What?s wrong with me? Ooh, don?t open that door. Opening Credits
Chandler : (writing) Monica, there are no words? (To Joey and Ross) There are no words! This should not be this hard!
Chandler : I?m so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should?ve seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
Chandler : Yeah, I?m not sure I can do that. [Flashback to when Chandler was introduced to Monica in The One With The Thanksgiving Flashbacks.]
Chandler : (seeing her) Okay. [Cut to the girls.]
Chandler : All right, there?s a nuclear holocaust, I?m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Chandler : (shocked) There are seven?! (Points to one) That?s one?
Chandler : Oh, y?know-y?know what, I was looking at it upside down.
Chandler : (writing) Monica?
Chandler : (writes what Joey said and waits for him to go on) Yeah?
Chandler : You'll get one.
Chandler : All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Chandler : Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Chandler : No, no, no.
Chandler : (trapped) Uh, uh.
Chandler : Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! (throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in) [Cut to Ross leaping into Chandler?s Hotel room in London in The One With Ross?s Wedding.]
Chandler : Nice try.
Chandler : Look, Monica?
Chandler : This is not going to work.
Chandler : You are so great! I love you! (Monica stops suddenly and turns around slowly.)
Chandler : Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
Chandler : No I didn't!
Chandler : No I didn't!
Chandler : No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! (Joey walks in and sees Monica. He freaks out and runs back into the hallway, screaming.) [Cut to Chandler trying to hint to Monica that he wanted to move in with her in The One After Vegas.]
Chandler : Y?know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Chandler : Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Chandler : Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I?m saying? [Cut to Chandler entering his and Monica?s apartment alight with a thousand candles in The One With The Proposal.] (He walks dejectedly into his apartment to find it lit with about a thousand candles and Monica standing in the living room.)
Chandler : Oh my God. (Monica gets down on one knee.)
Chandler : Okay! (He joins her on one knee) Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought? (Starting to cry, pauses) Wait a minute, I-I can do this. (Pause) I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you, (Pause) you make me happier than I ever thought I could be. (Starting to cry again.) And if you?ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way. (Pause as he gets out the ring.) Monica, will you marry me?
Chandler : I've had a very long, hard day.
Chandler : Ahh, no thanks. No chicken, bye-bye then.
Chandler : Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Chandler : Hey Joe! (Monica goes back underwater as Joey re-enters.)
Chandler : Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke?(Yelps in pain as Monica grabs him underwater)?Diet Coke. (Joey gives him a thumbs up and heads for the chicken.) [Cut back to Central Perk.]
Chandler : It happened in London.
Chandler : The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Chandler : No-no-no-no-no! You can't!
Chandler : (on phone) Laundry. Huh. Is that my new nickname? (Rachel is absolutely stunned, she opens her mouth in absolute amazement.)
Chandler : (after they've left) Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Chandler : Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Chandler : Phoebe knows about us!
Chandler : Ahh yes, the messers become the messies! [Cut to later in that episode. Phoebe is telling Rachel in Monica and Chandler?s that Chandler wants to make a date with Phoebe.]
Chandler : Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Chandler : Look, she's not backing down! She went like this! (He does a little mimic of her dance.) [Cut to the hallway where Phoebe is conferring with Rachel.]
Chandler : Okay, give me a second! (Pause) Did you clean up in here?
Chandler : Oh, you're-you're going?
Chandler : (swallowing hard) It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
Chandler : Not if I kiss you first. (They move closer to together and Phoebe hesitantly puts her hand on Chandler's hip. He puts his hand on her left hip but then decides to put his hand on her left hip. Phoebe then grabs his butt. Chandler goes for her breast, but stops and puts his hand on her shoulder.)
Chandler : Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Chandler : Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Chandler : Because I'm in love with Monica!!
Chandler : Love her! That's right, I?LOVE?HER!!! I love her!! (They walk together and hug.) I love you, Monica.
Chandler : Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet. [Cut to later in that episode. Ross is showing his boss his new place and notices something in the window.]
Chandler : Who are those people?
Chandler : What?s going on?
Chandler : So we both finished our vows.
Chandler : Don?t worry honey, we?ll make yours funnier. Ending Credits
Chandler : Okay, what do you guys think?
Chandler : You really like it?
Chandler : I stole Monica?s and changed the name.
Chandler : Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that?s because I didn?t send him an invitation.
Chandler : I don?t even know the man. Okay? We?re not the close. I haven?t seen him in years.
Chandler : Well he doesn?t have to know! It?s not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Chandler : Trust me, you don?t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
Chandler : What?s this?
Chandler : Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers?Think of the money we?ll save!! (Monica just looks at him.) We?re not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
Chandler : Y?know we already went over this and I won!
Chandler : Look forget it okay? I don?t want to go. I don?t want to see him. I don?t wanna.
Chandler : No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you?d have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y?know it?s hard enough to be fourteen. You?re skinny. You?re wearing speedoes?That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there?s your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Chandler : He had sex with Mr. Girabaldi!
Chandler : Does it matter?!
Chandler : Yeah o-okay, but I?m just doing this for you.
Chandler : So I really never get to win anymore?
Chandler : Yeah, I just ordered a beer! (Pounds the table.) Waiter in
Chandler : No! No! I don?t want him to know we?re yet! I?m not sure I?m ready for that. And besides he?s not gonna be too happy to see me either.
Chandler : I don?t know if I?ve told you this, but he?s kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
Chandler : Yeah, he?s made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y?know it?s all very Cats in the Cradle?I don?t want to get into it. (The show starts.) Here we go.
Chandler : And there?s daddy! Commercial Break
Chandler : Believe me, I?ve been saying that for years. Oh my God!
Chandler : That?s Mr. Girabaldi playing the piano.
Chandler : He?s coming into the audience. He?s coming into the audience.
Chandler : It can?t happen like this. Okay? I?ll meet you back at the hotel. (He gets up to walk out, but Helena spots and stops him.)
Chandler : (resigning himself to his fate) Chandler. (He quickly sits down.)
Chandler : Oh, they?re a hoot.
Chandler : Actually Monica and I are engaged.
Chandler : Wait! Wait! We?d really love it if you could be there.
Chandler : I know it would make me happy, ma?am.
Chandler : Yeah. Thanks for making me do this.
Chandler : (To Monica) When I was growing up I?played the one on the far left.
Chandler : Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
Chandler : The young hot ball and chain.
Chandler : What?s up?
Chandler : Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I?m buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
Chandler : But you?re still my friend?
Chandler : During this time?are you, are you still my best man?
Chandler : Do I still call you Ross?
Chandler : (smiling) Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
Chandler : So are we?friends again?
Chandler : Okay. (Pause) You won?t believe what Monica?s older brother just said to me! Opening Credits
Chandler : (entering from the bedroom) Okay. Here?s a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
Chandler : Yes, include more people in this.
Chandler : Wait a minute! I have a date tomorrow night.
Chandler : Well you don?t have to sound so surprised.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Honestly? Me too.
Chandler : Yeah. Y?know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I?ll go all?Chandler. But nothing has.
Chandler : Okay. I?ll be right there. (She exits and as Chandler picks up his coat, the phone rings and the answering machine gets it.)
Chandler : We?re the Bings. (Phoebe and Rachel walk up.)
Chandler : Mr. and Mrs. Bing! (Walks away.)
Chandler : Hi. Mrs.
Chandler : Mom. Thanks for wearing something. (They hug.) (She?s wearing a tight dress with a lot of cleavage showing.) Mrs.
Chandler : Hi?dad.
Chandler : Oh my God! (He and Monica walk away.) [Cut to Mr. and Mrs. Geller talking to Ross.] Mr.
Chandler : How did you guys find me? I knew I should?ve hid at the gym!
Chandler : Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I?m related to Monica. How is she?
Chandler : No! No! No! I can?t do that!
Chandler : Because if I go home, we?re gonna become the Bings! I can?t be the Bings!
Chandler : The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
Chandler : No.
Chandler : It?s not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody?s! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I?ve met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don?t race cars! I don?t make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
Chandler : I want to. I love her so much, but I?m afr?It?s too huge.
Chandler : Well yeah, but then?
Chandler : Depends on what you mean by we.
Chandler : No.
Chandler : Yeah okay. Well, what?s the next little bit?
Chandler : Yeah. You?re right. Hey I-I can do that.
Chandler : Okay, excuse me for a minute. (Starts to leave)
Chandler : Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
Chandler : Okay. (Chandler goes out into the hall and lights up a cigarette.)
Chandler : Oh fresh air! (He hears Phoebe and Rachel coming and hides in the ice machine room.)
Chandler : What? (Ross runs over and tackles him.)
Chandler : Ross! (He starts to get up.)
Chandler : (standing up) That?s right! I?m not!
Chandler : I know about Monica.
Chandler : Yeah, I heard you and Rachel talking.
Chandler : You don?t know?
Chandler : Monica?s pregnant.
Chandler : Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes? Phoebe and
Chandler : Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that?s when I uh, saw this. (He holds up a little, tiny baby jumper that reads I (heart) New York.) Yeah, y?know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can?t be scary.
Chandler : But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she?d know I was okay.
Chandler : You look beautiful mom. (His dad clears his throat.) You look beautiful too dad. I love you both. (He kisses his dad on the cheek) I?m so glad you here. (He kisses his mom.) (He walks up onto the altar and notices the Priest.) The
Chandler : Are you Joey? (Ross walks down the aisle with Phoebe and Rachel on his arms.)
Chandler : You look beautiful. Is this new? (Her dress.)
Chandler : Okay. (They both step up onto the altar and she notices the Priest.)
Chandler : (in Monica?s ear) He?s Greek Orthodox.
Chandler : (To Ross) No, that?s okay. (Ross nods and retreats.) Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it?s okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I?m sure? (He leans in and kisses her.)
Chandler : I do.
Chandler : (To Monica) I love you. And I know about the baby.
Chandler : Our baby.
Chandler : Phoebe found your pregnancy test in the trash.
Chandler : Then?who did? [Cut to Phoebe and Rachel.]
Chandler : What?! What are you talking about?
Chandler : Who?s the father?
Chandler : Why not?
Chandler : As in Barbara Streisand?s husband James Brolin?
Chandler : Y?know I am the groom right? I was told it was kinda big deal.
Chandler : Before we go out there I?ve got a present for ya.
Chandler : No?
Chandler : I?ve been taking dancing lessons.
Chandler : Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.
Chandler : So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
Chandler : I don?t know, it?s these new shoes, they?re all slippery.
Chandler : Not well. (They start dancing and Chandler starts slipping around.)
Chandler : Thank you. Mrs.
Chandler : Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so. Dennis
Chandler : 
Chandler : What size shoes do you wear?
Chandler : Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
Chandler : (looking at Joey?s feet) Those aren?t eleven and a half.
Chandler : And the world will never know.
Chandler : Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives.
Chandler : But you?re not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor with freakishly tiny feet.
Chandler : Did it turn into sand?
Chandler : (sliding up behind her) No. No, I won?t. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn?t want to be embarrassed to be seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot.
Chandler : Why? Mr.
Chandler : What?! What are you talking about?
Chandler : Who?s the father?
Chandler : Why not?
Chandler : As in Barbara Streisand?s husband James Brolin?
Chandler : Y?know I am the groom right? I was told it was kinda big deal.
Chandler : Before we go out there I?ve got a present for ya.
Chandler : No?
Chandler : I?ve been taking dancing lessons.
Chandler : Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.
Chandler : So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
Chandler : I don?t know, it?s these new shoes, they?re all slippery.
Chandler : Not well. (They start dancing and Chandler starts slipping around.)
Chandler : Thank you. Mrs.
Chandler : Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so. Dennis
Chandler : 
Chandler : What size shoes do you wear?
Chandler : Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
Chandler : (looking at Joey?s feet) Those aren?t eleven and a half.
Chandler : And the world will never know.
Chandler : Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives.
Chandler : But you?re not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor with freakishly tiny feet.
Chandler : Did it turn into sand?
Chandler : (sliding up behind her) No. No, I won?t. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn?t want to be embarrassed to be seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot.
Chandler : Why? Mr.
Chandler : Hey! Babe! Aren?t you excited we?re going on our honeymoon?
Chandler : (singing) Bermuda, Bahama, come on pretty mama?
Chandler : I?d better go pack.
Chandler : A Speedo? Uh, I don?t have a Speedo. I?m gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit. (Goes into the bedroom.)
Chandler : (entering) Hey, what was that all about?
Chandler : (in a high pitched voice) What?! I didn?t even know that?Why didn?t you tell me?! (Pause) Why am I talking like this?!
Chandler : (in the high pitched voice) What?! (Normal voice) I am an excellent secret keeper. I have kept all of our secrets.
Chandler : Oh no-no Joey, I am not going to tell you because I am an excellent secret keeper. (The girls walk away.)
Chandler : You already know. Opening Credits
Chandler : Oh honey, leave them alone, they?re in love.
Chandler : We are on our honeymoon.
Chandler : 25J and K, any chance those aren?t together?
Chandler : No.
Chandler : Just act like you belong.
Chandler : Shh! (To the guy behind the counter) Nice to see you again. (They tries to walk past him.) Airline
Chandler : Yes, of course. (Shows him the tickets.) Airline
Chandler : Oh that?s all right, I have it memorized. It?s 1A. Airline
Chandler : Apology accepted. Excuse us. (They try to enter again.) Airline
Chandler : Oh you?ve got to be kidding me.
Chandler : We?re you just ten seconds later!
Chandler : (looks at Monica then at them) We need the stuff.
Chandler : What else is new?
Chandler : Wait. Before we go in, I just want you to know I love you. I had a great time on our honeymoon, and I can?t wait to go in there and spend the rest of our life together.
Chandler : They?re terrific, and they live right here in the city.
Chandler : I?m sorry, we?re just kinda excited because we finally have a couple to hang out with.
Chandler : Listen, they are really great. If you just got a chance?
Chandler : We really?didn?t get a chance to?
Chandler : Ross! It?s got your wavy black lines!
Chandler : Y?know who has a great video camera?
Chandler : Let?s call ?em.
Chandler : Here you go. (Shows her the number again.)
Chandler : What?
Chandler : I don?t know! You were a delight to talk to. You asked all those insightful, great questions.
Chandler : Yeah, we?re gonna need to see that tape. (They rest of them agree.)
Chandler : I still don?t get it, we didn?t do anything wrong.
Chandler : I thought you said those jokes were funny. Joke! Joke! Joke!
Chandler : Well maybe it was all of your questions.
Chandler : The sheer volume, it was like flying with the Riddler!
Chandler : (angrily) Was that another question?
Chandler : Did you do it on our invitations?!
Chandler : So, just the ones gave back to us and we had framed! (Slams the framed invitation down onto the table.) (Rachel stops fast forwarding.)
Chandler : That?s the magic story you use when you wanna have sex!
Chandler : Jenny! That is so Jenny!
Chandler : You know me sir. Oh ah, I do have a question for ya. Do you know how I get around the office computer network so I can access the really good Internet porn? Mr.
Chandler : What?s funny about that?
Chandler : Hey that?s okay. So, where do you want to go?
Chandler : The Hard Rock Cafe?
Chandler : Again?!
Chandler : You like the Purple Rain display! (A guy walks up.) Hey Bob.
Chandler : Yeah, he thinks that?s my name.
Chandler : Oh it?s been going on way to long now. Y?know, I mean the first time he said it we were just passing each other in the hallway, so I didn?t say anything. And then the next time he said, "Hey Toby, do you want a donut?" And I-I wanted a donut. And now it?s five years later, the donut?s gone and I?m still Toby.
Chandler : No! That would be so awkward! Look?Besides, we work in different departments. He?s on the sixth floor y?know? So he calls me Toby once in a while. What?s the big deal? It could be worse, it?s not like he?s calling me Muriel. (Chandler suddenly freezes into place.)
Chandler : Shh! It is a family name!
Chandler : Hey Bob.
Chandler : If I see him, I?ll ask.
Chandler : Yeah! Mr.
Chandler : We?re on a semi-first name basis. Mr.
Chandler : Bob? Ooh, working here with us? Everyday? Yeah, I don?t know if he has what it takes. Mr.
Chandler : But this is eleven. It?s almost twice as hard up here. Mr.
Chandler : I think it?s best sir. Mr.
Chandler : Y?know what you should do, just toss ?em in the shedder and claim you never got ?em. Mr.
Chandler : What does a guy have to do to be taken seriously around here?!
Chandler : Sure, what?s up?
Chandler : Hey Bobby.
Chandler : Uhh yeah. Yeah, it?s (Points down the hall) right, right down there. (When he has Bob looking down the hall, he turns around and knocks his nameplate off of his door.) Right there, yeah. Can I ask you why?
Chandler : Okay Bob listen uhh, I?m the reason you didn?t get the job up here.
Chandler : Bob!
Chandler : Well that puts me in a difficult position.
Chandler : (entering) Bob. Bob! Bob!!! (He turns around) What the hell are you doing?!
Chandler : You?re an actor!
Chandler : (entering from the bedroom wearing a big, pink bunny costume) Monica! Can I talk to you for a second? Listen, I appreciate you getting me the costume?
Chandler : The Velveteen Rabbit was brown and white!
Chandler : No bunny at all!! Always no bunny at all!!!
Chandler : How is that me?
Chandler : When have I ever done that?!
Chandler : Wow! I don?t have the worst costume anymore!
Chandler : Oh! Hi!
Chandler : Joey?s gonna be thrilled! He was hoping you?d come by as a slutty nurse.
Chandler : You?d think that would embarrass me, but you see I?m maxed out.
Chandler : (To Ross) Marry her. [Cut to Joey and Monica.]
Chandler : Howdy doody.
Chandler : Oh relax man, relax. You?re looking a little flushed.
Chandler : What question?
Chandler : There?s no question.
Chandler : (To Monica) You picked Ross?!
Chandler : I cannot believe you didn?t pick me.
Chandler : Oh really?! You think you?re stronger? Why don?t you prove it? (He pushes Ross who starts to fall backwards until Mona catches him.)
Chandler : (To Ross) You?re going down.
Chandler : That means nothing to me. (To Ross) Come on!
Chandler : And dignity.
Chandler : Nope! I can do this all day.
Chandler : God, I?m exhausted.
Chandler : No way! If anything you?ve gotta let me win! My wife thinks I?m a wimp!
Chandler : You?re Spudnik.
Chandler : Fine. (He lets Ross win.) Oh no!
Chandler : Listen, I?ve got a secret for ya. I let him win.
Chandler : No, I let him win?Ross!
Chandler : Would you tell her I let you win please?
Chandler : I am strong! I?ll show you! (He sits down at the table.)
Chandler : Oh what?s the matter? Are you scared?
Chandler : Hey. (Monica notices something.)
Chandler : Y?know uh, I didn?t actually do this.
Chandler : No, it wasn?t you.
Chandler : I got a maid. Yay!
Chandler : Uh honey, I know you don?t like to relinquish control?
Chandler : Look, she?s really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the sponges.
Chandler : Yes, I distinctly remember ?cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay?
Chandler : What?s the matter?
Chandler : See? I told you.
Chandler : (pause) What?
Chandler : So she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you?
Chandler : She must?ve been planning this for years!
Chandler : Honey, isn?t it possible that the company that sold the jeans made more than just the one pair?
Chandler : So, shouldn?t we go give her the benefit of the doubt before we go?snooping around her crotch?
Chandler : Out of curiosity, what is your secret ingredient?
Chandler : (entering) Hi!
Chandler : How come?
Chandler : To see her pants?
Chandler : Are you sure? Did you see the stain?
Chandler : God! She is not stealing from us! Okay, will you let this go?
Chandler : Oh dear God!
Chandler : And yet you don?t recognize that you?re crazy.
Chandler : Here?s another plan?No!
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : I fear a jury will see it the same way!
Chandler : You see that?
Chandler : All right. Yes. Okay. I get your point. But if it?s not your bra will you just let the woman clean the apartment?!
Chandler : You need new clothes.
Chandler : I?m leaning. This is where I lean.
Chandler : Brenda a bee!
Chandler : Yes! It?s flown into your blouse and you?d better undo your buttons lest it sting you!
Chandler : You do?
Chandler : I totally understand. (They both laugh.) Can I just see your bra?
Chandler : Her what?!!
Chandler : You had a bachelorette party?!
Chandler : I thought we weren?t gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y?know, we agreed that it was a silly tradition.
Chandler : You went home with the waitress.
Chandler : I can?t believe you didn?t tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and honesty!
Chandler : My God! You must be good in bed!
Chandler : She?s okay with Rachel and the baby?
Chandler : Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that you?re going down the same path, but you?re really going down different ones.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Honey! That?s crazy! I don?t want you to get me a stripper?
Chandler : Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it?s a little creepy. Y?know? I?m not a bachelor anymore.
Chandler : All right fine! But I?m only doing this for you!
Chandler : And Joey.
Chandler : Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is embarrassing enough.
Chandler : I
Chandler : What are you doing?
Chandler : Okay. I can?t believe tomorrow?s the big day.
Chandler : You?re right, this is more fun. (There?s a knock on the door.)
Chandler : Hi. (Joey blows on a noisemaker.)
Chandler : That?s me.
Chandler : Yeah, yeah right over there.
Chandler : That was weird.
Chandler : So she?s a?
Chandler : I can?t believe there is a naked hooker in there!
Chandler : Could be. I mean technically she did strip, we just, we just missed it. (Walks towards the bedroom.) Ma?am, are you also a stripper?
Chandler : That is funny, maybe for my birthday she?ll murder someone.
Chandler : Oh actually, I?d rather you?Yeah, go ahead. We?re gonna have to burn that room down anyway.
Chandler : Why would she do that?
Chandler : This is the worst bachelor party ever!
Chandler : (To Joey) In a minute? What?s gonna happen in a minute?!
Chandler : Why me?!
Chandler : Which is why you should do it.
Chandler : You do it!
Chandler : All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave! (Joey smirks.) What?
Chandler : I don?t think we?ve actually done this before!
Chandler : Well we?we still hang out.
Chandler : Well y?know, things are different. I?m?I?m married now.
Chandler : Yeah, I miss that too. I tell you what; from now on we?ll make time to hang out with each other.
Chandler : Her ass print is still on your grandmother?s quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking?
Chandler : Monica! Wait!
Chandler : (puts on his crown) Carry on. (She does so by taking off her jacket seductively, only she has trouble getting one hand out and slams the jacket on the chair angrily to remove it.)
Chandler : Could you not narrate?
Chandler : I have no idea.
Chandler : Yeah! I?m just pretending to watch the game so I don?t have to help out with stuff.
Chandler : Nope! Every once and a while I just scream stuff at the TV. (Monica enters and Chandler screams stuff at the TV.)
Chandler : Yeah! Anderson just scored again! (To Phoebe) There?s no Anderson.
Chandler : Oh hey. I?d shake your hand but uh; I?m really into the game. Plus, I think it?d be better for my ego if we didn?t stand right next to each other.
Chandler : I?m watching the game, but I?m not deaf!
Chandler : (To Phoebe) Y?know, it?s been a while since we?ve screamed something. Maybe we should.
Chandler : Oh come on!
Chandler : Good game!
Chandler : Yeah. Solid effort. Solid effort.
Chandler : (simultaneously) Detroit.
Chandler : Everybody at my school heard it! You were the hermaphrodite cheerleader from Long Island?!
Chandler : I?m sorry. When you were in high school you made out with a 50-year-old woman?
Chandler : Did she look 16?
Chandler : Well, she probably wasn?t familiar with the process having spent most of her life sitting for oil paintings!
Chandler : Yes, I believe we can expect a call from the President any moment now.
Chandler : New haircut? (Monica nods ?No.?) Necklace? (No) Dress? (No) Boots? (Monica nods ?Yes.?) Boots!
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : I?m gonna miss being able to afford food.
Chandler : She had a point. (Shows her the receipt.)
Chandler : Yeah well, too bad we?re gonna have to return them.
Chandler : I have you.
Chandler : Hey-hey.
Chandler : You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them. (Goes and gets some coffee at the counter.)
Chandler : (returning to his seat) Hey!
Chandler : (spinning around looking for him) I don?t think you did a very thorough job!
Chandler : (opening the door) What?s wrong?
Chandler : Oh don?t forget, my office holiday party is tonight. (They go into the apartment.)
Chandler : Now sweetie, I know you don?t like my office parties, but you can wear your new boots. See? Every cloud has a?supple leather lining.
Chandler : Why not?
Chandler : Do you think I work at some kind of boot pricing company?
Chandler : You said that you paid all that money because those boots go with skirts, dresses, and pants!
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Y?know, that party wasn?t bad.
Chandler : I don?t see any uh, cabs. Maybe we should just walk?
Chandler : What honey, it?s like fifteen blocks to the subway. Let?s go.
Chandler : What?s going on?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right. (Pause) It?s oddly unsettling.
Chandler : Hop on.
Chandler : Honey, I know you?re in pain right now, but I?m a little turned on.
Chandler : Okay, ten blocks down. Five to go.
Chandler : Oh I?m sorry! Do you need a break?
Chandler : I can see it from right here. It?ll cost you one husband.
Chandler : (pause) I don?t have your boots.
Chandler : Well, why don?t you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!
Chandler : Honey, are you seriously ever gonna wear the boots again?
Chandler : Y?know what? You can say goodbye to the tan ones.
Chandler : Okay. (Moves closer to the window.)
Chandler : Honey, you remember my boss Doug right?
Chandler : I didn?t know you and Carol were getting divorced, I?m sorry.
Chandler : No.
Chandler : Oh yeah. Boy, urine cuts right through an ice sculpture doesn?t it?
Chandler : Oh uh, as it turns out, we can?t do it. Monica has to work.
Chandler : Oh uh well tomorrow?s no good for her either.
Chandler : It?s the semi-finals?of her?botchy ball tournament.
Chandler : Well now-now you?re just talking crazy.
Chandler : Because uh?we-we?we split up. Monica and I split up. Hold me.
Chandler : Y?know what would really help me through this tough time is choking something. Can I choke ya?
Chandler : Oh no-no-no, Monica would freak. (Doug looks at him.) But to hell with that bitch.
Chandler : Oh that?s all right sir, and that?s just one girl.
Chandler : It?s a hand. It?s a thing you use as a Jack and Coke holder.
Chandler : Oh no-no-no!
Chandler : Hi honey I?m home.
Chandler : It was awful. To get out of going to dinner with Doug I told him that you and I split up. So then he took me to all these strip clubs and sleazy bars, and then when I wouldn?t give him my wedding ring, he threw a soda can at a bird!
Chandler : Y?know what the worse part was? I got to see what my life would be like without you. It was like It?s a Wonderful Life with lap dances. Please promise that you will never leave me, that we will grow old together, and be with each other for the rest of our lives.
Chandler : Ooh, I don?t know if we?re there yet.
Chandler : Oh my goodness! Where did you hide it?
Chandler : Pheebs you didn?t have to get us anything for our wedding you already sang?
Chandler : Oh, okay.
Chandler : I kinda like it here.
Chandler : Well what did it do?
Chandler : A vending machine?
Chandler : Who cares? It?s a stupid game.
Chandler : I don?t suck. It?s sucks. You suck.
Chandler : Why do you want to play this game so bad?
Chandler : You are not going to believe what I did today!
Chandler : I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler. (Pause) Although I-I hope they don?t.
Chandler : Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the board! High five! (Holds up his hand to give Monica a high five, only he can?t straighten his fingers.)
Chandler : Well I?ve been playing it for like eight hours, it?ll loosen up. Come on, check out the scores. Oh, and also look at the initials, they?re dirty words.
Chandler : Because it?s awesome.
Chandler : Well y?know, they only give you three letters, so after A-S-S it is a bit of a challenge.
Chandler : It is when you put it together with that one.
Chandler : Come on, he won?t even know what they mean.
Chandler : Have you talked to him lately?
Chandler : No-no-no, if you unplug it, I?ll have nothing to show for my day! It would be like I was at work. (She unplugs it.) No! (And plugs it back in.) Hey look at that! Look at that, it?s still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM (Read Only Memory, it?s a memory chip.) Chip in it or something!
Chandler : With the claw?!
Chandler : (smiles) Pull my finger?(Looks at his hand)?My hand is messed up.
Chandler : I did. (Looks at his still deformed hand) But it came at a price.
Chandler : Oh come on, by age seven kids have already seen orgies. (They both look at him.) Was it just me?!
Chandler : One more score to go! You can do it! (Touches her shoulder.)
Chandler : All right! Go left! Go left! Go right!! Go right!!
Chandler : Are you, are you high?
Chandler : Really? I don?t like baths.
Chandler : Honey, it?s not the bath I enjoy, it?s the wet, naked lady.
Chandler : Really? What do you do? You just sit in there stewing in your own filth.
Chandler : Honey, it?s
Chandler : Oh! Uh, yeah! Is this a cold pizza talk or a leftover meatloaf talk?
Chandler : Oh my God, what?s up?!
Chandler : Oh no-no, no you don?t, just come back.
Chandler : Do you?
Chandler : In London?
Chandler : Yes. When Monica and I were in London, we were both in London.
Chandler : If that.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Sex on the balcony?
Chandler : What is it?
Chandler : Honey, I don?t like baths! Could you draw me a picture of us having sex on the balcony?
Chandler : Well, this does butch it up a bit.
Chandler : All right, if I do this, can we at least discuss sex on the balcony?
Chandler : (thinking) All right, this isn?t so bad. I like the flower smell! Which is okay, because I?ve got my boat.
Chandler : Oh my God.
Chandler : I?m going to need a bigger boat.
Chandler : I?m in the bathroom, can you come in here? I think there?s something wrong.
Chandler : I?m in the bathtub.
Chandler : I drew my own bath, but I did it wrong! The water?s tepid. The salt didn?t dissolve and is now? lodged places. And the scents I used don?t compliment each other. Eucalyptus and chamomile?Oh!
Chandler : The bath salts! They?re starting to effervesce! It?s different. (Pause) It?s interesting.
Chandler : Yeah! Sure, sure. So, what was going on with you today? Oh-oh-oh!
Chandler : I had the exact same conversation.
Chandler : I don?t know! Joey hasn?t had this much trouble getting out words since we saw him in Macbeth!
Chandler : All right, let?s break this down. What exactly did he say to you?
Chandler : Uh-huh.
Chandler : He didn?t say anything about that to me.
Chandler : He was asking all these questions about you, me, and London. And, of course the glue that holds this all together, the rules.
Chandler : But what did he mean by rules?
Chandler : Because he was looking at her differently.
Chandler : My God! He wants to do it with Phoebe in London!
Chandler : You don?t say anything.
Chandler : I?m not going to let you say anything.
Chandler : Oh, God! (Monica runs out to Phoebe, who is in the kitchen)
Chandler : Do I smell essential oils?
Chandler : Okay. (As soon as Monica leaves the room, Chandler takes off his jacket and runs to the bathroom. Monica enters the bathroom to find Chandler in the bathtub.)
Chandler : L-leaving my troubles behind?
Chandler : Oh, it?s so hard to care when you?re this relaxed.
Chandler : (upset) Hey!
Chandler : (To Monica) You told her?!
Chandler : (sarcastically) Because it?s a relaxing and enjoyable time!
Chandler : You like Rachel?!
Chandler : (sarcastically) Yes we?re all in here and we would love for you to join us!
Chandler : I?ll?I?ll get you later!
Chandler : Yeah. And what you?re doing feels so good.
Chandler : You?re not?
Chandler : Oh, sweet Lord. New realms of pleasure!
Chandler : Hey Pheebs, what?s up?
Chandler : Buy stamps, pick up dry cleaning?Don?t let Phoebe in.
Chandler : Well, Phoebe I thought I?d?(Off Phoebe?s look)?Yeah, what the hell. (Exits with Phoebe.) Opening Credits
Chandler : Hey babe.
Chandler : Who says you can?t get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? Maybe we can take it back?
Chandler : How about to the street say from the balcony?
Chandler : Okay. How about in that cabinet?
Chandler : How about the closet by the bathroom? (The secret green door by the bathroom.)
Chandler : Oh no-no-no, I will do it. Honey, you have to learn to sit down and relax and let your husband take care of things once and awhile. (Tries the door.) It?s locked, you have to help me. Why is it locked?
Chandler : Oh y?know, I?ve been living here a while and I?ve never seen what?s inside that closet. What is, what is in there?
Chandler : Don?t try to make me uncomfortable with feminine stuff!
Chandler : Fine.
Chandler : (walking casually away) Love you.
Chandler : Phoebe if it helps Alexandra has only been massaging Monica for like three years. (Phoebe rolls her eyes and walks away and Monica glares at him.) If! I said, "If it helps!" (Goes to the bedroom.)
Chandler : I wasn?t trying to open your closet! I wasn?t trying to open your closet! I swear! (Running into the kitchen and sees its Joey.)
Chandler : Monica has a secret closet and she won?t let me see what?s in it.
Chandler : I don?t know! What could she possibly be hiding in here that I can?t see?!
Chandler : Why would Monica be keeping Richard in here?
Chandler : And here we go?
Chandler : There has got to be a way!
Chandler : Yeah. (Checks his hair.) Oh no wait, I?m not an nine-year-old girl.
Chandler : Maybe Monica has a bobby pin.
Chandler : So, how?s the hideously inappropriate crush on Rachel coming?
Chandler : That?s a good idea.
Chandler : Okay. (They switch places and Chandler gets out a credit card.) So uh, Ross is kinda bummed huh?
Chandler : Well, it?s not your fault. What are you gonna do? Not take her to the hospital? Y?know? You?re doing nothing wrong. (Pause) Except for harboring an all consuming love for the woman whose carrying his baby. (He loses his card behind the door.) Richard? If-if you?re in there, could you pass me my credit card?
Chandler : Not to shabby, I got this all off myself?using my wife?s tools. (He takes the door off the frame and we finally get to see what?s behind the green door! It is stacked, floor to ceiling, with junk.) Oh my God!
Chandler : (laughs) You?re messy.
Chandler : I married Fred Sanford!
Chandler : No, honey you?re not sick! Look, I don?t love you because you?re organized, I love you in spite of that.
Chandler : Yes! And look, now that I know if I got some extra stuff lying around can we, can we share the closet.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : So Rachel?s all moved out huh? How are you taking it?
Chandler : Are you okay?
Chandler : Happy Valentine?s!
Chandler : (picking up a video from the table) ?Candy and Cookie?. ?Candy and Cookie?? Monica got me porn?! Girl-on-girl porn?! She really must love me!! (Chandler runs over to the TV, puts the tape in, and sits down to enjoy some "porn") (A woman on TV breaths hard) Man on
Chandler : I love you, St. Valentine. (The woman groans, moans, grunts, and screams. Chandler?s eyes get huge!)
Chandler : Woah, woah, that?s not pretty! Man on
Chandler : Worst porn ever! Worst porn ever! (Chandler starts to press buttons on the remote control, frantically.) Woman on
Chandler : I am trying!
Chandler : (pointing at the video) Why did you get me this?
Chandler : It?s yelling?bleeding?dilating. Oh, the dilating?
Chandler : I thought?maybe?you got me porn for Valentine?s Day.
Chandler : Well, I?m not really in a sexy mood right now.
Chandler : Well, remember the first time we saw Jaws?
Chandler : How long it took to go back in the water?
Chandler : You don?t know. You didn?t see it.
Chandler : Oh, beautiful? Really? Beautiful? You think this is beautiful? (picks up the remote and presses a button, and he immediately makes a face that just looks like he?s going to throw up!)
Chandler : See, honey, there?s?(puts his hand on her leg)
Chandler : 90 seconds.
Chandler : You know, it haunts me? Up ?til now, the worst thing I ever saw, was my father doing tequila shots off the naked houseboy. After this, I would gladly make that my screensaver!
Chandler : I can do that.
Chandler : Okay. Now all we?ve got to do is get rid of this chair. (Chandler crawls over to Monica and they move in to kiss, but they can?t do it and back up. They move in to kiss again, and kiss very awkwardly for a second, until someone knocks on the door.)
Chandler : Oh, I know!
Chandler : Poor Ross. (Monica and Chandler both look at each other and run over to the window to watch the action in Ross? apartment)
Chandler : Oh, great. We have to watch him do yoga in his underwear, but for this he closes the drapes!
Chandler : Oh, and we should warn you, before you watch
Chandler : Well, let?s just say it?s ironic how footage of someone being born can make you want to kill yourself.
Chandler : (with his arm all the way under the cushion, moving it around) This reminds me of a very specific part of the tape. (Chandler puts the tape in, and they all sit down) Okay, here we go.
Chandler : Why have I seen this thing three times?!
Chandler : Wait, you guys, look!
Chandler : No, the baby?s out! Look, look!
Chandler : And look how happy the mom is now!
Chandler : Oh! (Puts his hand on her belly.) She?s growing inside you.
Chandler : Oh! (Pulls his hand away.)
Chandler : I think that?s the youngest girl ever to reject me.
Chandler : Oh hey!
Chandler : No. I mean I believe that uh, certain people are more suited for each other and I believe in falling in love, but soul mates, I don?t think they exist.
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Come on, don?t be crazy. (To Rachel) You don?t think there?s someone out there better suited for Monica than me, do ya? (Rachel looks at him.)
Chandler : A tall guy with hair similar to mine, oh unknowable universe!
Chandler : Luckily, the guy she settled for can?t hear what you?re talking about.
Chandler : You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and you?re still gonna date him?
Chandler : (mouths to Phoebe) What?
Chandler : What?s wrong with sun-dried tomatoes? (Everyone stares at him.) On a barbecue chicken pizza? (Still there?s staring.) No?
Chandler : What are you doing?!
Chandler : I believe in tall, handsome strangers who hit on my wife!
Chandler : Cheese you say? That?s some pretty smelly work, huh Don?
Chandler : Cheese, it?s smelly. You must smell a lot of the time too.
Chandler : Is it made of cheese?
Chandler : (disgusted) Oh come on! (To Phoebe) Are you listening to this?
Chandler : What do we do?
Chandler : Sure, why don?t you set it up. I?ll just be over here, browsing through the personals.
Chandler : Yeah, fine. Fine. Not perfect!! But good enough.
Chandler : I?m sorry, did you say cheese?
Chandler : Phoebe thinks you and Don are soul mates, and I don?t believe in that kind of stuff. But then you two totally get along. So look, I won?t stand in your way if you want to run off with Don and live in a house of cheese.
Chandler : No. But I?m sure (mimics Don) ?tomatoes? does.
Chandler : You don?t?
Chandler : So you?you don?t want to live with Don in a cheese house?
Chandler : I love you.
Chandler : Y?know what? I am going to take you out to dinner tonight. I found this place that makes the greatest mozzarella sticks and jalepino poppers . (Monica doesn?t look impressed.) No? Really? They taste so good.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : I don?t see him. (To Monica) Do you see him?
Chandler : What?! No! No!
Chandler : (incredulous) I don?t know what that?s like?! Up until I was 25 I thought the only response to, "I love you," was, "Oh crap!"
Chandler : (interrupting him) We didn?t play it!! Opening Credits
Chandler : I didn?t know you read tea leaves.
Chandler : What does yours say Pheebs?
Chandler : Well, I?m sure you get another one at Ann Taylor?s.
Chandler : Phoebe, did you see that?! He totally checked you out! He is so cute! (Looking at his tea.) Mine has a picture of The Village People, what does that mean? (Joey enters.)
Chandler : I know it?s tough now, but things will get better.
Chandler : I?m not great at the advice, can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Some cheese?
Chandler : Let?s just say if I can?t find the right CD case I just put it in the nearest one.
Chandler : In the James Taylor case.
Chandler : Honey, I?m gonna save you some time, 200 CDs, not one of them in the right case.
Chandler : Well, if we?re gonna do that we should come up with some kind of order. Y?know alphabetically or by genre?
Chandler : They were just giving those away at the store (off Monica?s look) in exchange for money.
Chandler : Oh my God, honey we are so meant to be together. We both have copies of the Annie soundtrack.
Chandler : What problem did you tell him you had?
Chandler : (singing) The sun?ll come out?tomorrow! Bet?your bottom dollar that tomorrow? (The girls start laughing, and in a deep voice) ?there?ll be sun.
Chandler : You can always sell your baby.
Chandler : Wow, Ralph Lauren is really going out of there way to show they?re not in the baby buying business.
Chandler : Oh I?m sorry, you?re kicking me out of my own living room?
Chandler : I?ll be in there. (Goes into the bedroom.)
Chandler : Oooh, did he put a little starch in your bloomers? (Sits up) Who said that?
Chandler : And you wonder why Ross is their favorite?
Chandler : What are you doing?
Chandler : It?s a dog.
Chandler : It?s your parents? anniversary and you?re going to talk about their dead pet?
Chandler : Yeah, sure. What do you need? We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt, (Pause) and I think my testacles may be in here too.
Chandler : Ha!
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : I don?t think the flash went off.
Chandler : Somewhere there is someone with a tranquilizer gun and a huge butterfly net looking for that man.
Chandler : What are you doin??
Chandler : Ya know if you want to, I can just hold them down and you could (Punches the air). (Cut to Rachel and Ross)
Chandler : If only there was something in your head to control the things you say. (Joey nods his agreement.)
Chandler : Is that gal pal spelled L-O-S-E-R?
Chandler : No, we?re just four people with neck problems. You talk like this. (Out of the sides of their mouths.) [Cut to the interview.] The
Chandler : Nice work my friend.
Chandler : And a bagel with only?
Chandler : (entering) Hey!
Chandler : Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Chandler : All right! (He joins them in the fort and comes up putting on a bonnet.) Isn't this a woman's hat?
Chandler : Y?know what, we have to turn off the porn.
Chandler : All right, ready?
Chandler : Two.
Chandler : Yeah, that?s kinda a relief.
Chandler : You wanna see if we still have it?
Chandler : FREE PORN!!!
Chandler : We have free porn here!!! [Cut to the interview.]
Chandler : What?s wrong with you?
Chandler : This sounds like a hernia. You have to?you-you?Go to the doctor!
Chandler : That?s still in there?!
Chandler : Stick to your side!
Chandler : Mento?
Chandler : Thanks.
Chandler : Well this one's for you.
Chandler : No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, (Puts bracelet on Joey) it's about you and me and the fact that we're (Reading bracelet) best buds.
Chandler : That's what they'll call us. [The next one is from Episode
Chandler : It hurts me. It physically hurts me. [Cut to the interview.] The
Chandler : You?re turning into a woman.
Chandler : Now I?ve upset you? What did I say?
Chandler : Oh my God, introduce us!
Chandler : Hey Joe! You wanna shoot some hoops?
Chandler : That?s great.
Chandler : You?ll be perfect for this! That?s already your name!
Chandler : Okay, I guess we can lose to junior high girls some other time.
Chandler : Bamboozled?
Chandler : (simultaneously with Ross) No!
Chandler : Well Joey, I?m a headhunter. I hook up out of work Soviet scientists with rogue third-world nations. Hi Rasputin! (Waves.)
Chandler : Bogota.
Chandler : What does a Wicked Wango card do?
Chandler : Higher or lower than what?
Chandler : (To Ross) Can you believe how lame this is?
Chandler : This is ridiculous, he?s not gonna hold his breath? (Ross cuts him off by taking a deep breath and holding it.)
Chandler : Let me see that.
Chandler : Triscadecaphobia.
Chandler : Fear of Triscuts?
Chandler : This game makes no sense!
Chandler : Oh come on Ross, I think we?re all losers here.
Chandler : Let me think. Let me think?Oh! I don?t care.
Chandler : Either, it makes no difference.
Chandler : I?ll take a card.
Chandler : This game is kinda fun.
Chandler : I don?t think the contestants are supposed to speak to each other.
Chandler : Treasure of the Sierra Madre!
Chandler : Madre Sierra the of Treasure!
Chandler : I?d like to go up the ladder of chance to the golden mud hut please.
Chandler : Six!
Chandler : (disappointed and simultaneously as Ross) Hungry monkey.
Chandler : Tell it to the Time Turtle!
Chandler : (annoyed) Oh come on!!
Chandler : I?d like a Google Card.
Chandler : Yes! (Pause) No! (Pause) Google!
Chandler : Nooo!!
Chandler : This is the best game ever!!!
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : I?m so sorry.
Chandler : I have a job interview I have to get ready for.
Chandler : And people say you don?t pay attention. No, this is a much better job. It?s vice-president of a company that does data reconfiguration and statistical factoring for other companies.
Chandler : That?s what I do now.
Chandler : The front page? You really do live in your own little world, don?t ya?
Chandler : (entering) Hey Phoebe! (To Rachel) Fatty!
Chandler : Well, I got a job interview. It?s kinda a big deal too. Its a lot more money and I?d be doing data reconfiguration and statistical factoring.
Chandler : Me! I do that. So? Seriously, do I look okay? I?m little nervous.
Chandler : Why not?
Chandler : What about it?
Chandler : (shocked) What?!
Chandler : Are you serious?!
Chandler : What is it that I do?
Chandler : (To Rachel) Did you like me when we first met?
Chandler : I can?t even believe this! I really come off that badly?
Chandler : Oh good. Good, because I?m sure this interview is gonna last a couple of weeks.
Chandler : An hour.
Chandler : Phoebe!
Chandler : Chandler Bing.
Chandler : Well you should meet my uncle, Bada. (Pause) I?ll let myself out.
Chandler : ?I think you?ll find if I come to work here, I don?t micro-manage. I don?t shy away from delegating.
Chandler : (suppressing a smile) What I do do?is manage to uh, create an atmosphere of support for the people working with me.
Chandler : Hardest thing I?ve ever done in my life.
Chandler : Oh! (Stands up.)
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : ?also I was the point person on my company?s transition from the KL-5 to GR-6 system. The
Chandler : That I did. That I did. The
Chandler : (nervous) My duties? (Trying not to crack a joke) All right. The
Chandler : (trying not to laugh) I see. The
Chandler : (really try not to laugh) Good to know. The
Chandler : No don?t I beg of you! The
Chandler : (relieved) Really?! The
Chandler : Yeah I gotta say thank you, I was really nervous. Y?know I?ve been told I come on to strong, make to many jokes, and then it was really hard to sidestep that duty thing. (The interviewer doesn?t understand) Duties. (Still doesn?t.) Duties! (Still doesn?t.) Poo. (Still doesn?t.) The
Chandler : Oh my God this doesn?t count! Okay? The interview was over, that was the real Chandler Bing in there, this is just some crazy guy out in the hall! Call security! There?s a crazy guy out in the hall! The
Chandler : I?ll look forward to your call. (Walks away.)
Chandler : Let?s. (Everyone gets up and leaves Rachel.) Opening Credits
Chandler : Hey! Did you have the baby yet?
Chandler : He?s not snoozing, he?s teaching a class.
Chandler : I haven?t seen this dress.
Chandler : You really want to take me?
Chandler : So you?re never actually going to pay me back?
Chandler : I always knew you were gonna make it. I?m so proud of you.
Chandler : (in a manly voice) Yeah well, I?m gonna go spit. (He goes into the bedroom. On his way out, Joey gives Rachel a wide berth.)
Chandler : This is so exciting! It?s so glamorous! People taking our picture. How do I look?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : It?s just so glamorous.
Chandler : Good job Joe! Well done! Top notch!
Chandler : Oh-ho-ho, yeah!
Chandler : The whole thing! Can we go?
Chandler : I love the specifics, the specifics were the best part!
Chandler : I was surprised to see a kangaroo in a World War I epic.
Chandler : Don?t go! I?m sorry. I?m so sorry! (Sees another guy who is still asleep.) Look! This guy fell asleep! He fell asleep too! Be mad at him! (Looks at him more closely.) Or, call an ambulance.
Chandler : Where have you been?! I tried to call you! I want to talk to you! I still feel so bad!
Chandler : I?m so sorry.
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : You don?t owe me anything, I don?t want you money?
Chandler : I don?t know, five hundred dollars?
Chandler : Well then there was the second set, the infamous booger head shots.
Chandler : Do you want a calculator?
Chandler : Here! (Hands him one. Joey adds it up and discovers that he was right.)
Chandler : Well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes?
Chandler : Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accent. Which after twenty hours of lessons still came out Jamaican.
Chandler : Yes, money well spent!
Chandler : Okay, two, three years of rent, utilities, food?
Chandler : Hi!
Chandler : Man, if only you?d gotten here sooner. (Ross turns and glares at him.)
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Okay. I?ve been thinking about it too, and I, I think we?re ready.
Chandler : But you said you were ready too.
Chandler : Yes, but haven?t you wanted a kid like forever?
Chandler : I?m not crazy about babies. I?m crazy about us.
Chandler : Look, we?ve always talked about having babies someday. I?m not saying it has to be right now, but I?m starting to think that we can handle it. We?re good. We?re really good.
Chandler : But nothing has to happen until your ready.
Chandler : What?! It?s not right! We?re not ready to have a kid now!!
Chandler : I?m kidding. This is going to be fun.
Chandler : We?re trying to get pregnant. (They start kissing, but Chandler stops it.) Y?know I?m not really comfortable doing this in front of the babies. So, when do you want to start trying?
Chandler : Period math?
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Right here?
Chandler : Wait a minute, it?s perfect. We got a lot of time to kill and we?re in a building that?s full of beds!
Chandler : Okay. (They start kissing.)
Chandler : Okay. Uh, we?ll dim the lights, dim the lights. (He goes to the light switch and finds it?s not a dimmer switch when he flips the lights off.) Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candles. Okay here. Here we go. (He sprays an aerosol air freshener above her.)
Chandler : Yes, 98.6. You?re gonna be fine.
Chandler : Should we tell Rachel there?s an empty private room right next door to hers?
Chandler : Well let me think about that, while I remove my pants! (They start making out again.)
Chandler : If it?s not, then there?s two of them. And that would mean it?s the end of the world!
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : Weirdest thing. Did I hear?(A nurse opens the privacy screen and Chandler sees Janice)?Mother of God it?s true!
Chandler : Jan-Janice!
Chandler : Janice I didn?t even know you were pregnant! Who?s the unwitting human who?s essence you?ve stolen?
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : That?s funny. Does it-does it hurt? Does the labor hurt?
Chandler : It?s incredible, I mean one minute she?s inside you and then 47 hours later here she is.
Chandler : So, do you know what you?re gonna call her yet?
Chandler : So then I guess Ferdinad is out.
Chandler : You do?
Chandler : Oh no, it?s gonna be named after some snack or baked good isn?t it?
Chandler : That was amazing.
Chandler : And if not, we got to do it on a bucket.
Chandler : He pulled a quarter out of my ear!
Chandler : Okay. Wow.
Chandler : Sure.
Chandler : That was you?! I thought it was Jack!
Chandler : What?! Why does she think that?
Chandler : Again, what?!
Chandler : As we all are at some point during the day.
Chandler : Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose?
Chandler : And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!
Chandler : Well, what did she say?
Chandler : Does Ross know?
Chandler : Well maybe you don?t have to tell him anything.
Chandler : If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
Chandler : Honey, we?ve been over this. I need to be facing the other way.
Chandler : I?m so tired. (She starts kissing him.) Yeah okay, but no foreplay.
Chandler : Hello sir, you know Monica.
Chandler : Look, we can?t stay in here forever.
Chandler : This is okay. We?re all adults here; there?s nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let?s put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door. (They do so and find Mr. Geller leaning against a wall stunned.)
Chandler : I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, that wasn?t for fun.
Chandler : (To Monica) Why? Why-why-would you?Wh-why? (To Mr. Geller) Look, I just don?t want you to think that we?re animals who do it whenever we want. Mr.
Chandler : That?s funny, this conversation?s how I got the bullet hole in my head. Mr.
Chandler : Seriously sir, my brains? All over the wall.
Chandler : You still haven?t told Rachel you weren?t really proposing?
Chandler : Joey, you have to tell her what?s going on! And what did it look like?!
Chandler : Go and tell Rachel right now before Ross finds out.
Chandler : Okay, look, just do it gently.
Chandler : Hey. Mr.
Chandler : Yea yea. (Pulls the balloon out of his mouth)
Chandler : No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office (Pulls another balloon out of his mouth) Am I producing them?
Chandler : Couldn?t sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn?t sleep. Y?know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I?ll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I?ll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn?t fall asleep.
Chandler : Hey, what do I know? I wanted to get a bigger gorilla.
Chandler : Walter (nods).
Chandler : Yep. Ms.
Chandler : (not knowing what he?s saying yes to) Yes. Ms.
Chandler : (enters) Hey.
Chandler : Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Chandler : Actually Pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing
Chandler : Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
Chandler : Okay, you know how that people say that Tulsa is the Paris of Oklahoma?
Chandler : People who?ve never ever been to Paris.
Chandler : We?re moving to Tulsa! (Makes a excited expression on his face)
Chandler : Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
Chandler : The Sooner State, whatever that is.
Chandler : Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning! Surrey With A Fringe On Top.
Chandler : No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus. (Monica?s not impressed.) I?ll get out of it.
Chandler : (hears Emma crying) What is wrong with Emma?
Chandler : Umm ma?am, do you have a minute? (She points for him to come in) I kind of have some bad news. I don?t think I can move to Tulsa. Ms.
Chandler : It?s a funny story, actually. (coughs) I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I?d move to Tulsa, I didn?t really know what I was saying. Ms.
Chandler : But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain?t that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright (he sits down). See, here?s the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won?t go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy?Please don?t make me go there! Ms.
Chandler : No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol? (Pause) Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping! (She glares at him.) That?s a picture of your daughter, isn?t it, well she?s lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I?ll call you from Tulsa. (Exits.)
Chandler : (entering, loudly) Hey!
Chandler : Oh so there can?t be any yelling.
Chandler : We?re moving to Tulsa
Chandler : Shhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! (Walks backwards towards the door) I can?t, I can?t hear you. (He runs out)
Chandler : (enters) Hey, what you guys talking about?
Chandler : Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
Chandler : They said it could be up to a year.
Chandler : There is nothing like the support of your loving wife, huh?
Chandler : I'm sorry buddy, but I don't think I'm gonna be able to make it.
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : (Enters) Hey!
Chandler : I've got good news!
Chandler : Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa. You can stay here and keep your job.
Chandler : I'm sorry, are you just used to saying that?
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : That's fast math! We could use you in Tulsa.
Chandler : Hey, you said that without gagging!
Chandler : I know what she's talking about.
Chandler : He saw a therapist?
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Looking for restaurant jobs for you in Tulsa.
Chandler : Slim Pickings.
Chandler : No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be a bit of a stretch. They're looking for someone to shovel mesquite.
Chandler : 'So Cheesy' also has an opening.
Chandler : Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'. 'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be tough to keep Kosher in Tulsa.
Chandler : Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got a lot of packing to do.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : How far outside?
Chandler : And you're thinking of taking it? (Pause) So before you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now it's old job, (Raises his hand) me, (Raises his hand) new job.
Chandler : What happened to 'you can't live without me four days a week'?
Chandler : I think you should take the job.
Chandler : Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.
Chandler : Diagnostician or boo-boo fixer?
Chandler : Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer in your touchy?
Chandler : That was not a security blanket! That was a wall-hanging!
Chandler : Well, you got here just in time. I really have to go buddy. (They hug)
Chandler : Of course I will call you. I love you.
Chandler : Awww. (They hug) Bye!
Chandler : (Tries to hug Joey but J. moves away) What's the matter Joe?
Chandler : Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make all this easier?
Chandler : Well, bye Mon, bye Ross, Rachel, bye Emma!
Chandler : I know.
Chandler : I know that too. (They kiss) (Joey opens the door and takes Chandler's suitcase into his own apartment.)
Chandler : (On cell phone) Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise. CUT
Chandler : (enters singing) Oklahoma where the wind comes sweeping down the plane, STOP IT! Why couldn't they have sent me to Texas? 7 o clock maybe I'll hit the gym (sits down) who am I kidding pay-per-view porn. Cuts to Monica (She's just arrived outside his room she fixes a bent photo hanging on the wall then sprays mint in her mouth and enter)
Chandler : DO NOT DISTURB DO NOT DISTURB! Monica (smiles)
Chandler : everything's great, just watching some regular television there, what a pleasant surprise. (She hugs him, and she knows what he was doing so she looks at the TV and sees sharks swimming around thinking Chandler was giving himself a treat to sharks.)
Chandler : Ok honey. that was close. Cut to Rachel (Phone ringing)
Chandler : Hi honey I'm home!
Chandler : oh it was great.
Chandler : well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because it's six o clock IN NYC!
Chandler : (Chandler looking confused) Honey why am I watching a bunch of sharks swimming around.
Chandler : no I'm not quite sure you got the right movie that's all.
Chandler : does what always have to be sharks.
Chandler : What's going on?
Chandler : let ME be a part of this!
Chandler : no they don't
Chandler : OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel, I was just watching regular porn
Chandler : yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American action.
Chandler : You are an amazing wife. (Monica shrugs) No really you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you find the strength and understanding over something like that.
Chandler : Good morning everyone, it's nice to see our team together for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions? (colleague raises hand) Yes, Ken is it?
Chandler : (laughs) Well, don't believe everything you hear, Ken. (both turning away to files) But yeah, that's true. Alright, let's get started, by take a look at last quarter's figures. (The female next to Chandler starts smoking, towards
Chandler : No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right now, I can't remember why. (to
Chandler : Alright, lo...look. I don't smoke anymore. But if the rest of you want to light up, go ahead, it's fine. (everyone lits) So you all smoke then? That's almost rude, that I'm not.
Chandler : (loud) Ken, please! No, I can't, I can't smoke. If I smoke, my wife would kill me.
Chandler : I always liked you, Ken. (takes a cig)
Chandler : Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all commune areas and offices with fewer than fifteen people.
Chandler : No! I just happened t'do a lot trivias about smoking in different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called Leyhallalookoos.
Chandler : Uch, do you think, Monica is gonna be able smell it?
Chandler : Pheebs?
Chandler : (getting in) Okay, something to cover the smell ... Oven cleaner! (sprays himself, reads label) Unscented!
Chandler : No thanks, I'm good.
Chandler : (shrinks back) Right. You know what? Actually I just get off the plane, so I'm feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower.
Chandler : (still backs away) Alright, the truth is, I soiled myself during some turbulences.
Chandler : Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay, five. A pack. Two pack...a...a carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. (How many cigs are there in one pack and how many packs in one carton in the US?) But it's over, I made a decision, I'm not gonna smoke anymore.
Chandler : But, those are for you.
Chandler : I messed up, it was a meeting, everybody was smoking.
Chandler : Will power? I've watch home movies of you eating ding-dongs (?) without taking the tin foil off.
Chandler : 'kay,
Chandler : You forbid me?
Chandler : You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife? Is she here by the way?
Chandler : Oh, would you say this was the most upset you could be?
Chandler : Then, I might as well ... (graps the cigs) do this (lights one, exhales). Not really sure what to do now.
Chandler : Fine. What!?
Chandler : You serious? (follows)
Chandler : Right, fine, I'll do it, but no talking.
Chandler : And no kissing your neck.
Chandler : And lots of kissing your neck.
Chandler : Look, I can't do this. I can't make luv to you while we're fighting this way.
Chandler : That was a celebration of life. Alright, look, I'm not gonna do this. Alright, is this really the way you want a baby to be conceived?
Chandler : Mean it?
Chandler : You are incredible. Unless, I...I'm not gonna smoke again. And if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you. (they kiss)
Chandler : Yeah, let's celebrate life!
Chandler : Uhh. You are welcome.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of cigarettes--no big deal.
Chandler : Leave it.
Chandler : You tricked me to get me into bed?
Chandler : I feel so used.
Chandler : I would never lie to get someone into bed.
Chandler : I suppose that Monica will have the ... manipulative shrew.
Chandler : You mean the lully story?
Chandler : Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
Chandler : (to Joey) You not gonna believe
Chandler : What's the matter with me? Why I'm such a girl?
Chandler : Mhum.
Chandler : So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you?
Chandler : You know, I'd love to, but I'm a little tired.
Chandler : You're on! (they start to get ready, but then Phoebe enters through the door from Ross's room)
Chandler : He could be alone. This morning I heard him do push-ups, and then talk to his triceps.
Chandler : She's cheating on Joey with Ross!
Chandler : Wow!
Chandler : How about the dinosaur twins in the other room? No-one is manning that wall!
Chandler : Anything?
Chandler : You do realise that's your brother?
Chandler : That's not true. I came with Monica and I'm leaving with Weird Al.
Chandler : Okay Buckwheat!
Chandler : And she's... turning on the TV... and watching... Miss Congeniality!
Chandler : (caresses the wall with his finger) Bye!
Chandler : He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend Charlie. That's the situation as we know it... (walks to Phoebe and Monica)
Chandler : You got it!
Chandler : Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you do one thing for us? The people that care about you?
Chandler : Enunciate!
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Not quite. Monica's still at the salon, and I'm just finishing packing.
Chandler : You're not supposed to take that. Besides, it's a New Testament, what are you gonna do with it?
Chandler : Hey!... aaaaaahhhh!
Chandler : I think.... I think I can see your scalp.
Chandler : What d'ya know... It's a treat for the eyes and the ears.
Chandler : Yeah, it's almost if Air Barbados doesn't care about your social life.
Chandler : Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there. (Switch to Phoebe and Mike, who are kissing)
Chandler : You go back to work tomorrow night, right?
Chandler : So if you want people to see them, then by definition you're not having them taken out... say, at the break of dawn?
Chandler : What are you singing?
Chandler : It's "Ride of the Valkyries" from "Apocalypse Now"... See, here's the
Chandler : Did I? Let's refresh. I believe what I said was that I could see your scalp.
Chandler : Again, let's journey back... As I recall what Rachel said, was she had never notice the shape of your skull before. And Joey... Well, Joey didn't realise that there was anything different.
Chandler : Hit yourself in the tooth?
Chandler : Honey, you've been in there for a long time... Is everything okay?
Chandler : Really? What happened?
Chandler : You can't move at all?
Chandler : If I untangle you, will you please get rid of the corn rose?
Chandler : (trying to untangle her) Some of these look a little frayed.
Chandler : Now that I untangled you, how 'bout you doing a little something for me?
Chandler : I think you know.
Chandler : This is what I want to do.
Chandler : There's a hair in my coffee. (Phoebe enters.)
Chandler : You know, it's funny. Every time you say "triplets," I immediately think of three hot blonde 19-year olds. (Monica glares at him.)
Chandler : So, a lot of malfunctioning wee-wees and hoo-hoos in this room, huh? (Bill and Colleen look shocked.)
Chandler : I mean, you have a lovely home.
Chandler : That's great. (To Monica.) Can I see the book? (Monica looks at him.)
Chandler : You want me to wash my hands first, don't you?
Chandler : Hey, you must be Owen.
Chandler : I'm Chandler. Hey, I was in the scouts too.
Chandler : Yeah, in fact my father was a den-mother.
Chandler : You know how to use a compass?
Chandler : You do? That's fantastic!
Chandler : I'd love to, but I gotta get back to talking to your parents. They're telling us all about how they adopted you.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : I got nothing.
Chandler : Where are Bill and Colleen?
Chandler : We have to leave!!
Chandler : I didn't get to the bathroom. I bumped into Owen on the way, and he didn't know he was adopted. And there's a slight chance I may have told him.
Chandler : But kids are so intuitive. Don't you think on some level he already knows? (Owen comes running in.)
Chandler : See? Intuitive!
Chandler : Which technically now you should give back!
Chandler : I'm so sorry, but you should have a sign out there or something. Or at least whisper it to people when they come in the door. "Owen doesn't know he's adopted, and he also thinks that Santa is real."
Chandler : Owen didn't know he was adopted, and Monica told him.
Chandler : Yeah, but how would you like it if someone told the triplets that you gave birth to them? (The triplets stare at him.)
Chandler : So, you and Rachel tonight, uh?
Chandler : Wow! So tonight may be the night! You're nervous?
Chandler : What must it be like not to be crippled by fear and self-loathing.
Chandler : How can you be so confident?
Chandler : Really? Like you have a routine?
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : You mean like this? (he starts touching his thigh in a funny and awkard way)
Chandler : Oh, I see what you mean, that's quite nice. (They look at each other, both embarassed)
Chandler : ...and beer!! OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop staring at your sister's legs!
Chandler : She went on one of those spray-on tan places.
Chandler : (To Monica) Why...why?
Chandler : Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can really show it off.
Chandler : Hey Pheebs!
Chandler : Who's Amanda?
Chandler : Are you trying to do a British accent?
Chandler : Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect?
Chandler : No, had it done to me though. Feels good !
Chandler : Hello? Is someone on the line?
Chandler : Hang on, she's right here. (he enters the living room and hands the phone to Monica) Someone's on the phone, for ya.
Chandler : (to Amanda) I get pedicures!
Chandler : Hold on! There is something different.
Chandler : Was that place... The Sun?
Chandler : Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory all by yourself!
Chandler : How was your date with Joey?
Chandler : You didn't like that?
Chandler : (without taking his eyes off the bra) You don't know! (Monica just smiles)
Chandler : If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! (Phoebe and Amanda walk in)
Chandler : Well, aren't you a treat.
Chandler : That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she sure can dance... Hey!
Chandler : Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide from you guys...
Chandler : Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. (Rachel and Joey are still looking at Chandler, slowly letting his words get to them)
Chandler : I can tell from your expressions that that's the good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the joy.(Chandler leaves the apartment. Joey sighs)
Chandler : Dude, it's Chandler. Let me in. (Ross's face is now a VERY dark shade of brown.)
Chandler : I know, I went to the tanning place and the same thing happened to me. You have to let me in.
Chandler : No, I just had to get a picture of this. (Chandler holds up a camera and takes Ross's picture.)
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend.
Chandler : Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday was!
Chandler : There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim...
Chandler : Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this party...
Chandler : Hey hey! Where's the birthday girl?
Chandler : Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening.
Chandler : I know, what are we gonna do?
Chandler : I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica!
Chandler : To be fair this one does have nuts. (Time lapse) (Ross, Chandler and Monica are in the kitchen area)
Chandler : Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap?
Chandler : We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. (Ross looks disappointed and switches the camcorder off)
Chandler : Was that Emma? Is she up?
Chandler : I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday!
Chandler : To the bathroom!
Chandler : (Yelling) What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! (Phoebe and Joey come out looking shocked)
Chandler : You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right?
Chandler : I'm begging you stop.
Chandler : (Also very excited) That sounds more fun than the thing we were going to do in Vermont!
Chandler : Thats a bear.
Chandler : Ok, on your mark... Get set... GO!!! (Monica, Phoebe and Joey release their wind-up toys.)
Chandler : I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? (Meanwhile the race has been won by Phoebe's bear, followed by Joey's robot)
Chandler : They left. (Monica turns to see the closed door.) [
Chandler : I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica?
Chandler : Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little. (With his index finger he shows her how old she is. Emma also points her finger and babbles...)
Chandler : Ooh! That's my girl!
Chandler : Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom?
Chandler : Me too... (There's a couple of seconds of silence. Then Chandler looks around...)
Chandler : There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one?
Chandler : I was kidding.
Chandler : No, not yet.
Chandler : Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did.
Chandler : Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? (holds up his index finger again)
Chandler : Let's do it, come on! (Rachel wipes away some tears.)
Chandler : Thanks!
Chandler : Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested.
Chandler : So excited about your letter! (Phoebe enters)
Chandler : So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate?
Chandler : That's where people make number two!! OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : (reading) I don't... uh... understand.
Chandler : On every word?
Chandler : And that became 'they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?
Chandler : You know what? You don't need a thesaurus, just write from here, (points at his own heart) your full sized aortic pump.
Chandler : I doubt that! Tell her about us last year.
Chandler : Word!
Chandler : She's right! If I were a guy and... (stops himself mid-sentence...everyone stares at him) Did I just say if I were a guy..?
Chandler : Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing!
Chandler : Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? (Amy walks in carrying a phone handset)
Chandler : Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming?
Chandler : Can we read it? Can you print out another copy?
Chandler : It's ok, it's ok. You know what? (Takes out his mobile) I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. (starts dialing)
Chandler : (on the phone) Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and.. (listens) Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. (hangs up looking very confused).
Chandler : (Still looks confused) They loved it.
Chandler : They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter.
Chandler : She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. (Amy comes in with Emma in a stroller)
Chandler : That sounds like fun.
Chandler : I think she looks cute. (Rachel turns around and stares at him angrily) ... but I am wrong!
Chandler : Hi Ross.
Chandler : Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat?
Chandler : Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects!
Chandler : Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin. With Janice's phone number on it.
Chandler : (he enters) Hey honey!
Chandler : Is Monica not here?
Chandler : Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial!
Chandler : Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas were mine! (silence) Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were mine!!!
Chandler : Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're right for the part.
Chandler : First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
Chandler : Software that facilitates inter-business networking e-solutions?
Chandler : Hey you guys.
Chandler : Joe, I told you, you're just not right for the part.
Chandler : Joe...
Chandler : Fine!
Chandler : Work, Joe!
Chandler : He's not right for the part. So if I suggest him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should learn on their own!
Chandler : That's good! I liked it, they didn't. (he sees Joey out of the window hitting on a girl) Joey, for God's sake, go to work! (Joey runs away).
Chandler : Hey Joe!
Chandler : Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along to my bosses and they weren't interested.
Chandler : (Hands the tape back to him) I'm sorry man.
Chandler : (sounds nervous) Yeah! I... I... I liked it! (Joey continues to look at him suspiciously) But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it. Stupid sons of bitches!
Chandler : (looks surprised) What!? Of course I did!
Chandler : I'm not lying to you, I watched it!
Chandler : I watched it!
Chandler : (now yelling) (pretending to look shocked) I did!
Chandler : (following him) I'm telling you, I watched the tape. (Reaches Joey's room and Joey slams the door in his face)
Chandler : (In a sarcastic "of course not"!-tone) No!
Chandler : I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar!
Chandler : What did I just say? (Joey comes out of his room)
Chandler : Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
Chandler : Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape?
Chandler : He really is a chameleon.
Chandler : Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part or not.
Chandler : I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you to forgive me?
Chandler : Lying is wrong!
Chandler : I'm a pretty little girl.
Chandler : That's funny, we were doing the same thing!
Chandler : Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers.
Chandler : It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell.
Chandler : (to Ross) Maybe you do that next time you get married!
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.
Chandler : You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways!
Chandler : Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live.
Chandler : (pointing at himself) Little people?
Chandler : What...? NO!
Chandler : (he stands up and he feels very offended) I don't, and I'm offended by the insinuation!
Chandler : I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not mine.
Chandler : Ok, ok, here we go.
Chandler : Here we go. Stand up straight. (smiling) Big smile. (opens the door and both are smiling exaggeratedly)
Chandler : But you already gave all your money to charity!
Chandler : I don't think you can do that!
Chandler : That's sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.
Chandler : Oh, because we love kids. Love 'em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law.
Chandler : But other than that... wholesome, wholesome building.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Of course it was!
Chandler : RAT BASTARD!
Chandler : OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO! (finally Monica concludes) No!
Chandler : Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though.
Chandler : (Screams to interrupt Joey) AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA......AAAaaa-doption!!
Chandler : Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. (Joey bangs on the door again)
Chandler : WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!! (cut to Joey on the other side, who finally leaves the door and goes to his apartment)
Chandler : Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.
Chandler : (nervous smile) You can't make this stuff up!
Chandler : What the hell are you doing?
Chandler : Well, we're not.
Chandler : We don't have a code word.
Chandler : Any room that isn't behind this couch! (laughs nervously)
Chandler : (escorting Joey to the door) You have to get out of here. You slept with our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so she can't see you.
Chandler : Ok! (Joey leaves and closes the door behind him. Chandler walks towards the living room, but then Joey enters again.)
Chandler : What?
Chandler : And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And we don't want to buy your bat! (Joey lowers his bat)
Chandler : I can explain... Joey...
Chandler : Oh, that's really ok.
Chandler : Wrong number?
Chandler : That's great!
Chandler : Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat? COMMERCIAL BREAK
Chandler : Yeah. We don't feel like we can host Thanksgiving this year.
Chandler : Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.
Chandler : No, no! We made this decision together.
Chandler : Don't let yourself get manipulated this way!
Chandler : We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you? OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : Why come all the way from Kansas to do that?
Chandler : You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon!
Chandler : Somebody is gonna pick us.
Chandler : I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. (pause) What, he's my favourite author!
Chandler : (after a long pause) "The Firm"?
Chandler : You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
Chandler : I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Chandler : Tell me more.
Chandler : You obviously haven't tasted my Palmolive potatoes! (Ross and Joey enter)
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : Hmm, the game's at one.
Chandler : Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back.
Chandler : You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up.
Chandler : Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Chandler : Okay. (pause) And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
Chandler : I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day!
Chandler : (peeping) They're out there!
Chandler : (peeping) Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game!
Chandler : (looking through the peephole again) Ross' shirt is torn.
Chandler : Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... (speaking lower to Monica) what happens to cranberry sauce?
Chandler : (relieved) Oh thank God! [cut to the hall]
Chandler : (looking through the peephole) That's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand.
Chandler : Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it. (Monica looks at Chandler) [cut to the hall] (Rachel comes out of the apartment holding a pot. Joey holds in anticipation and Rachel opens it)
Chandler : HA-HA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts!
Chandler : Please let me stay on this side of the door. [cut to hall]
Chandler : The cranberries...?
Chandler : He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him! (They both look away)
Chandler : The floating heads do make a good point.
Chandler : Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
Chandler : That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling.
Chandler : A little late for that.
Chandler : Uhm, we've got turkey grease.
Chandler : Can you ever feel your ears?
Chandler : (sarcastically) Oh, I left them on my bulldozer... I don't have tools!
Chandler : Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH!
Chandler : Come on guys, PUSH!
Chandler : PUSH! PUSH! PUSH! (The chain breaks loose from the wall, and because Joey was pushing with all his might, he propells into the kitchen, towards the table with all the food. This table has wheels underneath it, and when Joey falls on this table, he rides into the living room, with all the food falling off, until finally Joey also falls off... Joey gets up quickly, a bit agitated, and acting as nothing happened. He is covered in food stains.)
Chandler : My cranberries!
Chandler : Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you! (Monica enters from the spare bedroom.)
Chandler : (to Monica) Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did!
Chandler : What's going on?
Chandler : And?
Chandler : Are you serious? (they hug)
Chandler : Hi!
Chandler : We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio.
Chandler : And so incorrect!
Chandler : Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up.
Chandler : Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better..
Chandler : I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word.
Chandler : So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'?
Chandler : Yes, but...
Chandler : Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy!! OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : Yeah. Just weird, you know. It's
Chandler : You're gonna be great.
Chandler : Thank you so much for agreeing to see us.
Chandler : Ok.
Chandler : That's what our friends call us.
Chandler : (astonished) I don't think that's exactly...
Chandler : So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife's a reverend, that's important to you?
Chandler : Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor!
Chandler : Yeah, wow.
Chandler : No-ot for me it doesn't. (The agency guy enters the room) Agency
Chandler : Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency
Chandler : You should be. You're really on top of stuff.. Agency
Chandler : Yeah, I did.
Chandler : We are NOT signing those papers.
Chandler : It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else.
Chandler : You have gotta stop!
Chandler : She likes Doctor Chandler and Reverend Monica.
Chandler : Your Veal Chop is $34,95!
Chandler : But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this?
Chandler : I know..
Chandler : oh, honey..
Chandler : Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.
Chandler : So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us.
Chandler : You're Jewish.
Chandler : Hey. Agency
Chandler : The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor.
Chandler : I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency
Chandler : Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York.
Chandler : Erica wait!
Chandler : You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again.
Chandler : Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising.
Chandler : But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? (They look at each other. We switch back to Monica. Chandler opens the door and she turns to look at him.)
Chandler : You still want that baby? (Monica plays those words back in her mind and then smiles and runs to Chandler, who is twisting with joy. They hug.)
Chandler : (looking at her) Seriously, answer faster!
Chandler : (to Phoebe) It's like a giant hug.
Chandler : (picking up the phone) Hello.
Chandler : Oh, uhm... I have to work too. Yeah, I'm stuck at the office all day.
Chandler : Those are all really old!
Chandler : Hi!
Chandler : I was in the car with Nancy all day.
Chandler : Well, at least the perfume is not mine, be thankful for that!
Chandler : It?s perfect. It?s everything we?ve been looking for.
Chandler : And the wiggle wharms and the zip zorps? (pause) What were the things you said?
Chandler : And the fireplace in the bedroom.
Chandler : This is bringing out a lovely color in you!
Chandler : I don?t know. What do you think?
Chandler : I do too.
Chandler : I know.
Chandler : I don?t know what you mean, giant talking cigarette! Oh, by the way, Phoebe called just as I was getting into Nancy?s car, so if she asks you, I was at work all day.
Chandler : We don?t. Not until it's a hundred percent. I mean, why upset everybody over nothing.
Chandler : I know. Gooooood luck with it.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Is it me, or have the greetings gone downhill around here?
Chandler : Yeah (motions them to sit and they do) I'm not having an affair. Nancy is our realtor.
Chandler : ...and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
Chandler : Actually, we already found a house we love.
Chandler : Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh? TIME LAPSE
Chandler : I know this is really hard and we're really sorry.
Chandler : (goes towards Joey) You know that's not the reason Joe. (Joey hugs him and after, he takes something from the fridge and puts it in his mouth. He goes back to where he was standing before)
Chandler : Hey, that's...'joincidence' with a 'C'! (from 1.07 - "The One With The Blackout")
Chandler : If you win, we give up the birds.
Chandler : But if we win, we get your apartment.
Chandler : Dangerous Liaisons.
Chandler : Fancy.
Chandler : Fancy guest.
Chandler : Thanks man.
Chandler : Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us! (from 5.15 - "The One With The Girl Who Hits Joey")
Chandler : (To Monica) Wow! Listen, we had a good run. You know, what was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! (He kisses her and starts to climb out the balcony window)
Chandler : Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Chandler : Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
Chandler : (entering) Hey.
Chandler : I know. (He kisses her.)
Chandler : No problem roomie. (She turns around and hugs him.)
Chandler : Sure!
Chandler : Little toast here. I know this isn't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Chandler : Here, here!
Chandler : Hello? It's Nancy, they responded to our offer.
Chandler : (to Nancy) Okay, thanks... (to Monica) They passed. They said they wouldn't go a penny under the asking price.
Chandler : I know.
Chandler : That's okay, we understand.
Chandler : Yeah... Well, it's a good thing we got it then.
Chandler : We got the house.
Chandler : I just didn't want to tell you in front of them.
Chandler : We're getting the house. (they hug) We're getting the house.
Chandler : We're growing up.
Chandler : So who's gonna tell them?
Chandler : Not it! Damn it! COMMERCIAL BREAK
Chandler : You'll see.
Chandler : Well, I didn't know how to tell you before, but... We got the house.
Chandler : What did I marry into?
Chandler : You guys just keep getting cooler and cooler!
Chandler : (to Monica) I'm leaving you. OPENING CREDITS
Chandler : Who?
Chandler : (looking around) Did I go to this school?
Chandler : (looks over at her) Sure, nice.
Chandler : You're right, by saying "nice" I'm virtually licking her.
Chandler : Are you asking permission to break the pact?
Chandler : Awesome, the name really stands out.
Chandler : Man, we're gonna rock that Asian student union!
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : You know, our band is playing on Friday.
Chandler : Fresh!
Chandler : Mint!
Chandler : I know it. You know, I'm totally gonna ask her out.
Chandler : I said it first, bro.
Chandler : (angrily) Look, if you did...
Chandler : Totally. I had sex in High school...
Chandler : All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.
Chandler : All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out with.
Chandler : Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway.
Chandler : Well, I officially give you permission to break the pact.
Chandler : Your hands are shaking.
Chandler : (to the two guys) Excuse me. (Chandler and Ross move away from them). That didn't make us sound gay at all!
Chandler : Ross, that was 16 years ago!
Chandler : I believe the foundation of our friendship was unfortunate hair. (Ross just stares at him) All right, look, if we're really gonna do this... it's not like you never broke one of the pacts.
Chandler : Oh really?
Chandler : Oh really!?
Chandler : ADRIENNE TURNER!! (A girl behind them turns around)
Chandler : Oh please, and you knew how much I liked her.
Chandler : Really? [Flashback
Chandler : Aren't you...?
Chandler : (smiling at Monica) Right. (to Rachel) So how're you doing?
Chandler : Hi Monica.
Chandler : O-kay. I'll see if I can find Ross. (Goes off to find Ross.)
Chandler : Well, I did and it hurt. (they walk towards the bar) That's when I wrote the
Chandler : Look (hands him a drink) it was a lo-o-ong time ago.
Chandler : (smiling a little nervously) Hmm mmmhm..
Chandler : (sighs) Just one more thing. I was so pissed at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody?
Chandler : Not her! [Flashback
Chandler : Soo... you girls having fun?
Chandler : Well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out.
Chandler : Well, maybe you can get in on a beauty scholarship.
Chandler : So where are you applying to?
Chandler : I'm in college and I'm in a band.
Chandler : Yeah, but it was like a million years ago, so it doesn't matter.
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : You kissed her that night too?
Chandler : Seriously, where did this happen?
Chandler : Oh wait... What bed did you say she was on?
Chandler : I'm pretty sure I put her on my bed.
Chandler : Why would I kiss a girl, and then put her on your bed?
Chandler : What did I marry into? COMMERCIAL BREAK
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
Chandler : No stupid jokes. I thought that was for the actual wedding.
Chandler : (to Rachel) You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow.
Chandler : Heh.
Chandler : This is like figure skating team all over again. (Phoebe and Ross glare at him astonished) I mean synchronized swimming. (they continue to glare) I mean- I mean the balance beam. (to Ross) Help me!
Chandler : Thank you.
Chandler : I know, I hate being left out of things.
Chandler : Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow.
Chandler : What happened?
Chandler : (standing up too) M-Me-me-me!
Chandler : Pick me, I look great in a tux and I will not steal focus.
Chandler : Oh, I will. But I will need a mirror... as he is me!
Chandler : You are going downer!
Chandler : (almost crying) I wouldn't know, I didn't make it! (they hug)
Chandler : Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out.
Chandler : Just not enough to put us in the original wedding party.
Chandler : Hey, can I talk to you about this groomsman thing? If you pick Ross, he'll walk you down the isle just fine. But if you choose me, you'll be getting some comedy!
Chandler : Let me tell you why you need to pick me. (Goes to sit on the couch facing backwards to the kitchen. Rachel gets a chair and sits opposite him) See, when I was a kid, I was always left out of everything, you know, and it really made me feel... insecure. You know, I was always picked last in gym. Even behind that big fat exchange student who didn't even know the rules to baseball. I mean, this guy would strike out and then run to third. Anyway, If I'm the only one left out of this wedding, I just know that all those feelings are gonna come rushing back.
Chandler : (Getting up and raising his fist in victory) Y-Y-YEEESSS! Make "groom" for Chandler.
Chandler : How's it going?
Chandler : (smiling to himself too) That's what I was doing too.
Chandler : You too.
Chandler : Me too. (They walk passed each other, Ross towards the door, Chandler towards the counter, suddenly they turn around to face each other)
Chandler : I'm not supposed to tell you.
Chandler : You told us both we could be in the wedding? (they both stare at Rachel)
Chandler : Rach, Rach, knock knock.
Chandler : I'll tell you at the wedding.
Chandler : So technically, would this person be in the wedding?
Chandler : I'm not scared. (moves towards Mike and Chappy) I'll just take little Chappy and... (he backs out) HE CAN SENSE MY FEAR. MY THROAT IS EXPOSED.
Chandler : (quickly) I'll do it.
Chandler : (to Ross) Na ha ha... (to Chappy) Ne he he... (Ross moves Chappy to Chandler, who quickly backs away) Ah ah...
Chandler : (to Monica) Is it okay that I want you to wear that head set in bed tonight?
Chandler : Oh yeah! (Monica walks outside)
Chandler : Ready?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Wow! Aren't you gonna be cold?
Chandler : You look beautiful.
Chandler : That really was an incredible wedding.
Chandler : I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
Chandler : I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to. (cut to the street in front of Central Perk where Ross is walking Chappy. He has a plastic bag in his hand.)
Chandler : So, where's Mike?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Why are you wearing my apron?
Chandler : Oh, hey, when she gets here, is it ok if I introduce you two as "my wife" and "the woman who's carrying my child"? (she's not amused) No? Divorce?
Chandler : Oh, those places! There's always so many people, their being corralled like cattle, and... you know, there's always some idiot who goes "Mooooo"!
Chandler : I'm so sorry...
Chandler : Monica. Calm, self.
Chandler : Why would you say that?
Chandler : Great! (to Monica) This baby'd better to be really good.
Chandler : (enters the room wearing an "I love New York" t-shirt, a "Statue of Liberty" hat and carrying bags) New York is awesome!
Chandler : Yeah, I've been to these places before, but I've never really seen them, you know.
Chandler : Oh, uhm, okay, uhm, do you mind if we ask you some questions about the father?
Chandler : That's great.
Chandler : So, what does the other guy do? Does he go to college too?
Chandler : I'll bet his dad doesn't think so. (Time lapse. Chandler and Monica are in bed now)
Chandler : Of course I'm awake. Assume from now on that I'm always awake! (He turns the light on)
Chandler : Honey, it's us. Of course it's the shovel-killer.
Chandler : I'd keep an eye on him! We have to find out which one the father is.
Chandler : I dunno, aren't there tests for these things, right?
Chandler : Pff, easy for you to say, he's a father killer. He probably loves him mommy. He's probably got a tattoo that says "mom" on his shovel-wielding arm!
Chandler : Hey! How was lunch?
Chandler : (struggling) Oh, really?
Chandler : O-okay. (steps closer to Monica and speaks softly) So, is she gonna take the test?
Chandler : Oh God. It's shovely-Joe, isn't it?
Chandler : How do you know?
Chandler : Oh God! What was it? The thing that we hardly ever do or the thing we never do?
Chandler : (nods in appreciation) Shovely Joe!
Chandler : Yeah, I don't know why we hang out with married couples more often.
Chandler : You mean that Portuguese couple? Yeah, like you wouldn't have done it. (she shrugs)
Chandler : A dinosaur died a million years ago?
Chandler : YOU NEVER DID IT!
Chandler : Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die with me.
Chandler : Mrs Hannigan?
Chandler : Hey Joe! We've got a couple of things we've got to check out at the new house. You want to come with us?
Chandler : Yeah, come with us. You'll see how close it is to the city.
Chandler : Damn it.
Chandler : That's what we were gonna name the baby.
Chandler : Hey, how'd the interview go?
Chandler : You know, I always feel that way after an interview. I'll bet it went better than you think.
Chandler : That is a bad interview.
Chandler : Ooh! Israeli champagne. And it's vanilla!
Chandler : To Ross! All (except
Chandler : And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means... I've already forgotten what you said, but thank you.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : When your head was hanging out the window, it didn't hit a mailbox, did it?
Chandler : Man, those two dogs are going at it!
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Really? What changed your mind?
Chandler : Joey, there was a little girl who lived here, but she died like 30 years ago. (Joey's eyes double in size)
Chandler : Ha! I'm just messing with you.
Chandler : You don't think we'd buy a house and not have a Joey room do you?
Chandler : It's seven years ago. (he looks surprised) My time machine works!
Chandler : Excuse me?
Chandler : For your information, I was staring at her baby. We're about to be parents.
Chandler : How did the job stuff go?
Chandler : That's great!
Chandler : How did the job stuff go?
Chandler : Or facing a bitch of a commute.
Chandler : My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. (Monica looks at him and can't really place what he just said)
Chandler : Well, it makes me feel sad, but...
Chandler : I see.
Chandler : Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes?
Chandler : We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
Chandler : What do you think Pheebs?
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : You're kidding!
Chandler : Oh yeah?
Chandler : I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
Chandler : Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.
Chandler : It feels like we're cheating on our house. And if we're gonna cheat, shouldn't it be with like a hot, younger house, that does stuff that our house won't do?
Chandler : And yet I never run into Beyonce!
Chandler : (at Janice's punching) Don't, don't! (looks disgusted)
Chandler : (To Monica and with bulging eyes) Why!?
Chandler : This can not be happening!
Chandler : The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple are the Hitlers.
Chandler : That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful, but when did you start crapping money!?
Chandler : Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on our house. We can still get out.
Chandler : Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder out here too. Just the crickets and (apes Janice's voice) "Oh My God"!
Chandler : (looks afraid, but at the same time, knows she's right) Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door. (Janice's laughs loudly outside) Oh, that does it too. (Motions with his index finger like Monica did)
Chandler : The Hitlers will be so disappointed.
Chandler : Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to be here.
Chandler : Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off.
Chandler : I never stopped loving you.
Chandler : Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein.
Chandler : Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and Monica never have to know a thing.
Chandler : (stunned) Obviously.
Chandler : Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away.
Chandler : I understand.
Chandler : (speaking as in pain) They're never coming down now.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : So we thought we'd throw you little going away party around seven.
Chandler : Where's your passport?
Chandler : Well, it's not.
Chandler : Oh, no. He doesn't have time for that. But if you want, you can go help him and Joey pack up the guest room.
Chandler : We're taking a break!
Chandler : Jumping on the bed?
Chandler : No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pack 'em and Ross you re-pack whatever Joey packs. (Joey takes the bubble wrap off his head)
Chandler : (holding a pair of furry handcuffs) What the hell is this?
Chandler : I didn't know Monica had these!
Chandler : Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her... with scarves!
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled. (Ross and Joey looks puzzled) I mean... oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place! Joey (to
Chandler : Yes, Joe?
Chandler : Oh, yes. I decided to leave these out for you in case Richard stops by and you wanna engage on a little light bondage and moustache play!
Chandler : Oh yeah, right! Good luck getting another scarf dance from me!
Chandler : Really? Then what are they doing in our guestroom?
Chandler : Rachel... with handcuffs! Interesting! (he looks excited)
Chandler : (he doesn't look excited anymore). Well played. (Phoebe and Rachel enter the living room.)
Chandler : Uh, Rach?
Chandler : (to Rachel) Uh, Rach... I think I have something that belongs to you. (shows her the cuffs)
Chandler : No, no, no... They're really yours. We... found them in your old room.
Chandler : Don't say Richard! Well, if they're not Monica's and they're not yours, then whose are they?
Chandler : Pheebs!
Chandler : I think these are yours.
Chandler : Sure. (to Phoebe) You don't really handcuff guys to waterpipes do you?
Chandler : Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke... I just want to say that I... I love you... And, I'm gonna miss you. And I'm so sad that you're leaving.
Chandler : Ooh, not so tight... (blows raspberry, and the hug ends) I'm sorry, just give me one more chance.
Chandler : I'm sor... Just go. Just go. I can't, I can't.
Chandler : Oh, you're definately not. I haven't cried like that in years.
Chandler : That old woman was being scammed by her mechanic.
Chandler : Mine was a humdinger
Chandler : Well, you can't say we don't know how to throw a party.
Chandler : Joey and I can finish up in the guest room.
Chandler : (to Joey) You couldn't be cool. (he goes to the guest bedroom)
Chandler : Hey Mon, I think I figured out whose handcuffs they are.
Chandler : Well, I was cleaning out the closet and I found some pictures of them... being used.
Chandler : Monica's grandmother.
Chandler : Relax! We just get her some antacids.
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : Honey, it's gonna be okay.
Chandler : What?
