
Monica  :  Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.  Phoebe  :  Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my god, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?  Chandler  :  You know, it's...something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back.  Joey  :  I gotta get one, too.  Ross  :  What are you guys doing?  Chandler  :  We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?  Ross  :  Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.  Joey  :  Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.  Ross  :  This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.  Chandler  :  Carol, Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?  Carol  :  Sure.  Joey  :  Uh, does it hurt?  Carol  :  It did at first, but not anymore.  Joey  :  Chandler?  Chandler  :  So, uh, how often can you do it?  Carol  :  As much as he needs.  Joey  :  Ok, I got one, I got one. If he blows into one, does the other one get bigger?  OPENING TITLES Julie :  Rachel, do you have any muffins left? Rachel  :  Yeah, I forget which ones.  Julie  :  Oh, you're busy, that's ok, I'll get it. Anybody else want one? Oh, you're losin' your apron here, let me get it. There you go.  Rachel  :  Thank you. What a bitch.  Julie  :  Oh, listen you guys. I have this friend at Bloomingdales who's quitting tomorrow and he wants to abuse his discount. So, anyone want to come with me and take advantage of it?  Phoebe  :  I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.  Monica  :  Ok, um, I'll go with you.  Julie  :  Great.  Ross  :  Hi, honey.  Chandler  :  Hey, sweetums.  Ross  :  Hello to the rest.  Joey  :  Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?  Monica  :  It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?  Chandler  :  Come on, you're going to Bloomingdales with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.  Monica  :  But I'm--  Phoebe  :  Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.  Ross  :  So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?  Monica  :  Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.  Ross  :  It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.  Monica  :  You're welcome.  Phoebe  :  Woof, woof.  Joey  :  Bijan for men? Hey Annabelle.  Annabelle  :  Hey, Joey. So did you hear about the new guy?  Joey  :  Who?  Annabelle  :  Nobody knows his name. Me and the girls just call him the Hombre man.  Joey  :  What's he doin' in my section?  Annabelle  :  I guess he doesn't know.  Joey  :  Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? Hey, how ya doin'?  Todd  :  Mornin'.  Joey  :  Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.  Todd  :  Your territory, huh?  Joey  :  Yeah. Bijan for men?  Guy  :  No thanks.  Todd  :  Hombre?  Guy  :  Yeah. All right.  Todd  :  You were saying?  Monica  :  Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.  Phoebe  :  What?  Monica  :  We were shopping, and we had lunch.  Phoebe  :  Oh, all right. What did I have?  Monica  :  You had a salad.  Phoebe  :  Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.  Rachel  :  Hey, guys, what's up.  Phoebe  :  I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.  Rachel  :  Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy?  Phoebe  :  Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur.  Rachel  :  You went shopping for fur?  Phoebe  :  Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, uh, boobs.  Rachel  :  You bought boobs?  Phoebe  :  Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras.  Joey  :  Bijan for men? Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work we could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.  Annabelle  :  Oh, actually I sorta have plans.  Todd  :  Ready, Annabelle?  Annabelle  :  You bet. Maybe some other time?  Joey  :  Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men?  Carol  :  Ok, and this is Funny Clown. Funny Clown is only for after his naps, not before his naps or he won't sleep.  Ross  :  Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.  Susan  :  Honey, relax. Ross is great with him. Don't look so surprised. I'm a lovely person.  Rachel  :  Oh, this is so cute.  Susan  :  Oh, I got that for him.  Ross  :  My mommies love me. That's clever.  Monica  :  Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju-- Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.  Rachel  :  Did you just say Hi, Jew?  Monica  :  Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.  Phoebe  :  Ben, dinner!  Ross  :  Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.  Phoebe  :  Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok.  Chandler  :  What did you just do?  Phoebe  :  I licked my arm, what?  Ross  :  It's breast milk.  Phoebe  :  So?  Rachel  :  Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.  Joey  :  What is the big deal?  Chandler  :  What did you just do?  Ross  :  Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk?  Phoebe  :  You won't even taste it?  Ross  :  No!  Phoebe  :  Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?  Ross  :  Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.  Monica  :  Hey, where is everybody?  Rachel  :  They took Ben to the park. Where've you been?  Monica  :  Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.  Rachel  :  Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon. Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?  Monica  :  You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.  Rachel  :  And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket  Monica  :  That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent.  Rachel  :  Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with?  Monica  :  Judy.  Rachel  :  Who?  Monica  :  Julie.  Rachel  :  What?  Monica  :  Jody.  Rachel  :  You were with Julie?  Monica  :  Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.  Rachel  :  Oh. Oh my god.  Monica  :  Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.  Rachel  :  Yeah, right.  Monica  :  Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out.  Rachel  :  Oh, please, you wanted to get caught.  Monica  :  That is not true!  Rachel  :  Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?  Monica  :  Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?  Rachel  :  Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdales? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.  Monica  :  Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanna, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.  Carol  :  How did we do?  Phoebe  :  Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.  Ross  :  I did not freak out.  Carol  :  Why'd you freak out?  Ross  :  Because it's breast milk. It's gross.  Carol  :  My breast milk is gross?  Susan  :  This should be fun.  Ross  :  No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just don't think breast milk is for adults.  Chandler  :  Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.  Carol  :  Ross, you're being silly. I've tried it, it's no big deal. Just taste it.  Ross  :  That would be no.  Phoebe  :  Come on. It doesn't taste bad.  Joey  :  Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh--  Susan  :  Cantaloupe juice.  Joey  :  Exactly.  Ross  :  You've tasted it? You've tasted it.  Susan  :  Uh huh.  Ross  :  Oh, you've tasted it.  Susan  :  You can keep saying it, but it won't stop being true.  Ross  :  Gimme the bottle. Gimme the towel.  Chandler  :  Howdy.  Joey  :  Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.  Chandler  :  Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.  Joey  :  Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.  Chandler  :  What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.  Joey  :  I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.  Chandler  :  All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?  Joey  :  Yeah I guess you're right.  Chandler  :  You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.  Joey  :  I'm gonna do it.  Chandler  :  All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.  Monica  :  I don't know what else to say.  Rachel  :  Well that works out good, because I'm not listening.  Monica  :  I feel terrible, I really do.  Rachel  :  Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?  Monica  :  Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?  Rachel  :  Yes.  Monica  :  It's that terrible?  Rachel  :  Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually, but now she's actually stealing you.  Monica  :  Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.  Rachel  :  I love you too.  Phoebe  :  You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.  Monica  :  Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?  Rachel  :  I'd do anything for you, you know that.  Monica  :  I'd do anything for you.  Phoebe  :  Wait, wait, wait, wait!  Joey  :  Mornin'. I said, mornin'.  Todd  :  I heard ya.  Store Guy  :  All right, everybody, I'm openin' the doors. You boys ready?  Todd  :  Ready.  Joey  :  Yeah, I'm ready.  Customer  :  You idiot, you stupid cowboy, you blinded me, I'm suing!  Store Guy  :  Oh my god, Todd! What the hell did you do?  Todd  :  I'm sorry. I am such a doofus. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.  Annabelle  :  My god, what happened?  Joey  :  These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?  Annabelle  :  Sure.  Julie  :  So.  Rachel  :  So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?  Julie  :  I know, I probably shouldn't even tell you this, but I'm pretty much totally intimidated by you.  Rachel  :  Really? Me?  Julie  :  Yes. Oh my god, are you kidding? Ross is so crazy about you, and I really wanted you to like me, and, it's probably me being totally paranoid, but I kinda got the feeling that maybe you don't.  Rachel  :  Well, you're not totally paranoid.  Julie  :  Oy.  Rachel  :  Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.  Julie  :  Thanks. Hey, listen, would you like to go to a movie sometime or something?  Rachel  :  Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.  Julie  :  I'd love it too. Shoot, I gotta go. So, I'll talk to you later.  Rachel  :  All right, Julie. What a manipulative bitch. 
