Rachel : Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Rachel : Hi, sure!
Rachel : Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (TO WAITRESS, WHO HAS B ROUGHT HER COFFEE)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realised that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit
Rachel : Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... SCENE
Rachel : (ON PHONE) Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
Rachel : C'mon Daddy, listen to me! All of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Rachel : Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Rachel : Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!! (CUT TO SAME SET. Rachel IS BREATHING INTO A PAPER BAG)
Rachel : I'm all better now.
Rachel : Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
Rachel : Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Rachel : Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight..
Rachel : Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- (STOPS TALKING; DIALS A NUMBER ON THE PHON E) Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway... (CUT TO Ross' APARTMENT)
Rachel : Oh...see... but Joanie loved Chachi! That's the difference! (CUT TO Ross')
Rachel : Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
Rachel : Hello, Paul.
Rachel : So, like, you guys all have jobs?
Rachel : Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
Rachel : I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.
Rachel : Oh, yeah.
Rachel : Oh wow. Are you in trouble.
Rachel : Oh, look, wish me luck!
Rachel : I'm gonna go get one of those job things. (EXIT Monica) SCENE
Rachel : Guess what?
Rachel : Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
Rachel : You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
Rachel : They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!
Rachel : Uh, credit card.
Rachel : Um... my... father. (CUT TO THE GANG AT Monica + Rachel'S, SITTING ROUND A TABLE. ON THE TABLE ARE Rachel'S CREDIT CARDS and A PAIR OF SCISSORS)
Rachel : I know that. That's why I was getting married.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : I don't think so.
Rachel : (TO Ross) You gonna crash on the couch?
Rachel : Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. (MON SMILES) What?
Rachel : Sorry-
Rachel : No, you have it, really, I don't want it-
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : I knew.
Rachel : I did.
Rachel : Yeah, maybe...
Rachel : Goodnight.
Rachel : (WALKS UP WITH A POT OF COFFEE) Would anybody like more coffee?
Rachel : I'm just serving it.
Rachel : Everything you need to know is in that first kiss.
Rachel : Yeah, well, word of
Rachel : Has anybody seen my engagement ring?
Rachel : Oh God, oh God, oh God oh God oh God oh God.... (Starts to look under the couch cushions.)
Rachel : Oh, like I wasn't dreading tomorrow enough, having to give it back to him... 'Hi Barry! Remember me? I'm the girl in the veil who stomped on your heart in front of your entire family!' Oh God and now I'm gonna have to return the ring, without the ring, which makes it so much harder...
Rachel : I know I had it this morning, and I know I had it when I was in the kitchen with...
Rachel : (looks at the lasagne and realizes something) Ohhhhh, don't be mad...
Rachel : Oh, I am sorry...
Rachel : Oh, but look how straight those noodles are!
Rachel : Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing?
Rachel : So what are you gonna do?
Rachel : You're twins?
Rachel : All right, you guys, I kinda gotta clean up now. (They all start to leave.)
Rachel : The lights, please.. (Joey turns off the lights, and they all leave as Rachel starts to clean up. Ross enters from the bathroom.)
Rachel : I'm just cleaning up.
Rachel : Uh.. okay, sure! Thanks! (She hands him the broom and sits down.)
Rachel : Oh.. a little..
Rachel : A lot.
Rachel : So, got any advice? Y'know, as someone who's recently been- dumped?
Rachel : Oh, you've got Carol tomorrow.. When did it get so complicated?
Rachel : Remember when we were in high school together?
Rachel : I mean, didn't you think you were just gonna meet somone, fall in love- and that'd be it? (Ross gazes at her.) ..Ross?
Rachel : Oh! Man, I never thought I'd be here.. (She leans back onto his hand.)
Rachel : Barry?
Rachel : (hesitates) Are you sure?
Rachel : I'm- uh- I'm okay... You look great!
Rachel : I dumped him.
Rachel : Oh, not much. I-I got a job.
Rachel : Why are- why are you so tanned?
Rachel : Oh no. You went on our honeymoon alone?
Rachel : Mindy?! My maid of honour, Mindy?!
Rachel : Oh! Well, um.. (Grabs his forehand) You've got plugs!
Rachel : And you've got lenses! But you hate sticking your finger in your eye!
Rachel : Okay..
Rachel : Wow.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Anyway, um, (Gets the ring out of her purse.) I guess this belongs to you. And thank you for giving it to me.
Rachel : What? He said 'we should do it again', that's good, right?
Rachel : Since when?
Rachel : And everybody knows this?
Rachel : (carrying a tray of drinks) Alright, don't tell me, don't tell me! (Starts handing them out.) Decaf cappucino for Joey.. Coffee black.. Late.. And an iced tea. I'm getting pretty good at this!
Rachel : (leaving to serve others) Good for me! (The gang swaps all the drinks for what they ordered as Phoebe enters. She sits down without saying hi.)
Rachel : Yeah, but if you spent it, it would be like shopping!
Rachel : Chandler, what are you doing?
Rachel : This Alan again? How's it goin'?
Rachel : Well, then can we meet him?
Rachel : What bank is this? (The intercom buzzes.)
Rachel : And did you notice...? (She spreads her thumb and index finger.) The
Rachel : What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it.
Rachel : I mean, it-it was like, it was like he made us into a team.
Rachel : Well, no. That's impossible. You can never be too Alan.
Rachel : It's worse than the thumb!
Rachel : Well, I-I could live without it.
Rachel : "Indeed there isn't"... I should really get back to work.
Rachel : Ohh-ho-hooohhh. The hair comes out, and the gloves come on. (They degenerate into bickering and Chandler happily starts to smoke, undisturbed.)
Rachel : (holding the phone out to Chandler) Chandler? It's Alan, he wants to speak to you.
Rachel : (to Ross, who has wandered up) God, he's good.
Rachel : Yeah. (They give each other a dubious look.)
Rachel : I think he's across the hall.
Rachel : Uh, Joey..
Rachel : We didn't change..
Rachel : (tearful) I just can't believe this! I mean, with the holidays coming up- I wanted him to meet my family-
Rachel : Remember when we went to Central Park and rented boats?.. That was fun.
Rachel : See, there's always one guy. (MOCKING) "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes." (ENTER Joey)
Rachel : Look look look look look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Rachel : God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally- (OPENS ENVELOPE) -not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Rachel : Oh my God! (Rachel, LESLIE, KIKI and JOANNE All SCREAM and HUG EACH OTHER)
Rachel : What are you guys doing here?
Rachel : (TO (PREGNANT) LESLIE) Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!
Rachel : (TO JOANNE) So what's going on with you?
Rachel : So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : What? Guys, I'm not.
Rachel : I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
Rachel : Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
Rachel : What's that?
Rachel : Okay. (GRABS THE BLENDER and STARTS TO DRINK)
Rachel : Oh, God, ask them what they want.
Rachel : But I haven't used my card in weeks!
Rachel : They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
Rachel : Alright, c'mon! (MISERABLY) Let's play Twister! SCENE
Rachel : Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?
Rachel : ...Jack from downstairs?
Rachel : Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Rachel : But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like-
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?
Rachel : Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans? (CUT TO THE GAME)
Rachel : I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.
Rachel : Thank God. Food. (SHE GOES TO GET IT)
Rachel : (MISERABLE) No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese. Pizza
Rachel : Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?
Rachel : Hello? Who are we spying on?
Rachel : Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh please, they're having sex.
Rachel : So, whaddya think George is like?
Rachel : How long?
Rachel : Okay, okay, okay, I got one! (SHE SITS UP and THE CUSHION SHE WAS LEANING AGAINST FAllS OFF THE BALCONY) Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.
Rachel : Hello? Like he was really gonna send you one? (TO Phoebe) She was a big girl.
Rachel : I was laughing! You made me laugh! (Monica and Rachel START TO SQUABBLE)
Rachel : He is so cute!
Rachel : Oh, okay. Will you take my place?
Rachel : Nooo! (TAKES THE PHONE; Chandler TAKES HER PLACE) Hello? Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
Rachel : I've got magic beans. Never-never mind.
Rachel : Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
Rachel : [waitressing] Does anybody want anything else?
Rachel : It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.
Rachel : Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Rachel : Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.
Rachel : Who?
Rachel : Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
Rachel : Sure. [Cut back to Joey and Angela at the counter.]
Rachel : Oh, 'scuse me. I was kinda using that machine.
Rachel : But I saved it. I put my basket on top.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.
Rachel : Yeah, but, there were no suds.
Rachel : Well, you know, no suds, no save.
Rachel : That was amazing. I can't even send back soup.
Rachel : What's that?
Rachel : Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
Rachel : Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Rachel : [holds a pair of panties in front of Ross] Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Rachel : Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
Rachel : What uh-oh?
Rachel : Ross, what's the matter?
Rachel : Come on, show me.
Rachel : Oh, everything's pink.
Rachel : Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry! [The woman who had tried to steal the washing machine walks by, and laughs.]
Rachel : Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now. [The same woman walks over and takes Rachel's laundry cart.]
Rachel : Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.
Rachel : I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.
Rachel : Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
Rachel : All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it! [She thinks it over, and then walks away.]
Rachel : [to Ross] Yes! Did you see that?
Rachel : I could not have done this without you. [Rachel stands up and kisses Ross. He is stunned. A moment of silence follows.]
Rachel : Are you sure?
Rachel : Oh, are you sure you're ok?
Rachel : Does it still hurt?
Rachel : Where's Chandler?
Rachel : (READING THE PROGRAMME) Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
Rachel : God. I feel violated.
Rachel : Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!
Rachel : What is it?
Rachel : Tah-daaah!
Rachel : Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Rachel : Well, whaddya think?
Rachel : I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
Rachel : Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Rachel : ..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?
Rachel : Who is being loud?
Rachel : Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
Rachel : Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell.
Rachel : Uh, Mon, you-you gonna leave your shoes out here?
Rachel : Really? Just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner?
Rachel : Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay. [applause]
Rachel : Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!
Rachel : Wow, you guys, this is big.
Rachel : That had to hurt!
Rachel : Alright, somebody.
Rachel : Um... Ross?
Rachel : Oh come on, I already went.
Rachel : Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... [sigh]... oh, the foot of the bed.
Rachel : I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
Rachel : There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
Rachel : No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
Rachel : I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
Rachel : Yeah right.
Rachel : [sigh] OK.
Rachel : You don't.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : You do?
Rachel : Oh Ross, you're so great. [she playfully rubs his head and gets up] [Ross gets up, pleased with himself.]
Rachel : What are you shushing?
Rachel : Ahhhh!
Rachel : Huh. [she agrees, but looks very confused]
Rachel : Hmmm... this is so nice.
Rachel : OK.
Rachel : Ohhh!!!! [looking at something behind Ross]
Rachel : Oh, look at the little cat! [a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross]
Rachel : During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
Rachel : Oh. [they knock at the next door, Mr. Heckles answers] Hi. We just found this cat and we're looking for the owner. Mr.
Rachel : Bob Buttons? Mr.
Rachel : Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty... [While looking at the floor for the cat, Rachel runs into a pair of legs. She slowly gets up and sees a gorgeous Italian hunk holding the cat. Who, by the way, you'll hate very, very soon. The man. Not the cat.]
Rachel : Wow. [she exhales in amazement, blowing the candle out]
Rachel : [entering with Paolo, arm in arm] Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
Rachel : And Joey....
Rachel : And Ross.
Rachel : [proudly] He doesn't speak much English.
Rachel : Look at that!
Rachel : Oh... Italy, I think.
Rachel : Well, the cat... the cat turned out to be Paolo's cat!
Rachel : Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.
Rachel : Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.
Rachel : I have absolutely no idea.
Rachel : [to Monica and Phoebe] Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
Rachel : God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
Rachel : Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd....
Rachel : Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
Rachel : Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
Rachel : Oh my God! Calling from Rome! [Takes phone] Bon giorno, caro mio.
Rachel : Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. [Showing off to Phoebe and Chandler] I'm talking to Rome.
Rachel : [Exasperated] Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.
Rachel : So, um, did she...
Rachel : Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? [Gives her a pencil]
Rachel : Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
Rachel : Oh, you-you mean your earrings?
Rachel : [Sticking her foot out]Hm-m.
Rachel : Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.
Rachel : Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!
Rachel : [Humouring him] Oh, well you know who I love the most?
Rachel : You!
Rachel : [Still trapped under Ross] Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker? Mrs.
Rachel : Hey, who's this little naked guy?
Rachel : Aww, look at the little thing.
Rachel : Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Rachel : Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a 100 dollars advance in my salary?
Rachel : It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Rachel : Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? [everyone in the place raises their hand] Oh, look at that. Opening Credits
Rachel : Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Rachel : Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. [picks up the tip he leaves] Only $98.50 to go. [Monica enters.]
Rachel : Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
Rachel : Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.
Rachel : No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
Rachel : Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Rachel : Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Rachel : Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.
Rachel : Thank you. Thank you so much!
Rachel : Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
Rachel : Oh my god.
Rachel : Saw what?
Rachel : I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
Rachel : Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.
Rachel : Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. [she starts to leave, and hits everyone with her skis] Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry! [Chandler enters, running.]
Rachel : I can't, I gotta go.
Rachel : Ok. [Everyone leaves the apartment.]
Rachel : I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
Rachel : We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.
Rachel : Yes, you do. When we left, you said, "got the keys."
Rachel : No, no, no, you said, "got the keys".
Rachel : Oh, I gotta get my ticket!
Rachel : [grabs Chandler by the shirt] All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this [makes a gesture like a stewardess pointing out exits] right now. But I'm not.
Rachel : No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
Rachel : Aside from the fact that you said you had them?
Rachel : Well, you should have.
Rachel : Because!
Rachel : Because!
Rachel : Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : By all means.
Rachel : And a crappy New Year.
Rachel : Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?
Rachel : Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? [They all protest and hit her with cushions] Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Rachel : Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Rachel : Phoebe, you're on.
Rachel : [Into microphone] Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
Rachel : Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : [Brings Joey a mug of coffee] Okay, here we go...
Rachel : [Glances at Joey and then sips his coffee] There. Now there is.
Rachel : Five.
Rachel : Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.
Rachel : Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
Rachel : Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
Rachel : No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? [To Monica] Are people eating my dip? [Time lapse. Monica and Rachel, fixed up somewhat, emerge from a bedroom]
Rachel : Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing. The gang [in the
Rachel : The bll is drrbing! Dick Clark
Rachel : I can't kiss anyone.
Rachel : Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! [Turns on the TV] Jay Leno
Rachel : No way, forget it.
Rachel : Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
Rachel : Oh, hi sweetie. [They kiss]
Rachel : Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Rachel : Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer. Mrs.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : What're you guys doing out here?
Rachel : Well,sounds like you two have issues. [She and Paolo walk a little way down the hall]
Rachel : Goodbye, baby.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Okay. [Writes a little more] I am so hot!
Rachel : [Into microphone] Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Rachel : [Into mike] Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo! [Enter Chandler]
Rachel : Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
Rachel : Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...
Rachel : Alright, that's it! Give it back! That's it!
Rachel : Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos [touching Paolo's nose with forefinger with each syllable]
Rachel : Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.
Rachel : I know... [Camera pans to Ross, looking dejected]
Rachel : I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally... [Camera pans to Ross, holding his stomach]
Rachel : Pheebs!
Rachel : Oh, right, that's me!
Rachel : "Ooo", what?
Rachel : Hi Pheebs!
Rachel : No, these aren't all my suitcases. [picks up small blue suitcase and shows to Phoebe] This one's Paolo's.
Rachel : Well, sure...just a sec, though, 'cause Paolo's on his way over.
Rachel : Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
Rachel : Why have I never tasted these before?
Rachel : All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.
Rachel : I guess you don't.
Rachel : I need some milk.
Rachel : No...oh!, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!
Rachel : Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened! Rachel and
Rachel : I don't know...right, he's the pig!
Rachel : Oh, God, he's such a pig,
Rachel : He's like a big disgusting...
Rachel : ...pig...pig man!
Rachel : [voice wavers] Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?
Rachel : Ok, Ok, Pheebs...
Rachel : Oh, God...
Rachel : No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better... [Phoebe scoots her chair over to Rachel and hugs her]
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Ooh, I've been better...
Rachel : Oh, Ross...
Rachel : I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't' want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy. [Ross crosses arms]
Rachel : Oh Ross, you're so great!
Rachel : Oh...
Rachel : ...medium...hmm...any cookies left?
Rachel : No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Rachel : No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one. Ross
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.
Rachel : That is IT! You just barge in here, you don't knock-
Rachel : -You have no respect for anybody's privacy-
Rachel : No, you wait! This is ridiculous!
Rachel : What? What?!
Rachel : Oh!! [She storms off] [Intro] [Scene
Rachel : He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.
Rachel : Okaaay. [To the guys, on the couch] Any of you guys want anything else?
Rachel : No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Rachel : Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?
Rachel : Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.
Rachel : Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.
Rachel : I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? [She walks over near Chandler and his gaze stays very obviously on her chest] Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... [Notices Chandler] Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Rachel : Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Rachel : C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.
Rachel : You're right! I mean- you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and- and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in.
Rachel : Hi, I'm Rachel.
Rachel : Bathroom's up there.
Rachel : Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?
Rachel : Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's pee-pee time. [She goes into Joey and Chandler's apartment, where Mr. Trib is reading the paper] Hey, Mr. Trib. Mr.
Rachel : Chandler Bing? It's time to see your thing. [She opens the door and whips back the curtain. It's Joey. They both scream]
Rachel : I thought it was Chandler!
Rachel : You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!
Rachel : We hate that guy.
Rachel : We're sorry. [Cut to Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey is trying to turn the sofa-bed back into a sofa. Someone knocks on the door and it rears up at him]
Rachel : Wow.
Rachel : Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
Rachel : What happened?
Rachel : Do what, do what?
Rachel : No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
Rachel : Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Rachel : Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.
Rachel : Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. [imitating] "Was it good for you?"
Rachel : How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!
Rachel : Phoebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.
Rachel : Or?
Rachel : Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn.
Rachel : Oh my god. Janice, hi!
Rachel : Oh, Joey, look who it is.
Rachel : Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
Rachel : [tossing things in the fire] Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.
Rachel : [looking at picture] Hey he's wearing a sweater.
Rachel : And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.
Rachel : Really? Fireman
Rachel : So, um, will you bring the truck? Fireman
Rachel : Oh, my god.
Rachel : Oh, they're firemen guys.
Rachel : Oh! That's why. I'm sorry! [Monica puts her cup down in disgust.] Opening Credits
Rachel : ... the WENUS?
Rachel : [sarcastic] Oh. That WENUS.
Rachel : No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.
Rachel : Work counselor?
Rachel : I don't!
Rachel : The meeting with the guy went great?
Rachel : What are you going to make?
Rachel : [pause] And Monica, what are you going to make?
Rachel : [trying to sound like a bug] Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
Rachel : So what are you guys going to do?
Rachel : My God! What happened to you?
Rachel : [comes up and rubs him on the chest] Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
Rachel : Ten dollars an hour for what?
Rachel : [hurt] Waitressing?
Rachel : But, but?
Rachel : Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
Rachel : Who was that?
Rachel : Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye. [she walks away towards the door]
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.
Rachel : Done.
Rachel : Well hello! Welcome to Monica's. May I take your coat?
Rachel : What's up?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : OK, OK. I'm with you, Cheech. OK.
Rachel : No. Let me get you some wine!
Rachel : Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?
Rachel : You don't want to work for a guy like that.
Rachel : Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
Rachel : Oh, yeah, I've done that.
Rachel : I've never done that.
Rachel : Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just don't get along?
Rachel : So, is this just gonna be you and Carol?
Rachel : Well, isn't that gonna be weird?
Rachel : Oh, cool. "Urkel" in Spanish is "Urkel".
Rachel : Well someone was supposed to write "Rache, take down the lights" and put it on the refrigerator. How long has that been there?
Rachel : So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?
Rachel : Ok. Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree & Evelyn?
Rachel : Oh, well, that shouldn't be so hard, now that you're dating. Sweetheart, you're fired, but how 'bout a quickie before I go to work.
Rachel : You don't even have cats. Mr.
Rachel : We'll try to keep it down.
Rachel : Are you seein' her again tonight?
Rachel : It's just occurring to you?
Rachel : Oh, you're gonna be great!
Rachel : Oh, how'd she take it?
Rachel : Ok, Pheebs, can I ask? So, he's going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Please, they've been going out a week. They haven't even slept together yet, I mean, that's not serious.
Rachel : No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so I'm takin' 'em down. Ok? Whoa! (She falls off the balcony) Monica ; Rachel! Rachel!
Rachel : I'm ok! I'm ok! Mr. Heckles, Mr. Heckles could you help me please? Mr.
Rachel : Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
Rachel : Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
Rachel : You.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.
Rachel : Why, how much is this gonna cost?
Rachel : Well what are we gonna do?
Rachel : Um, unless, unless I use yours.
Rachel : Well, now, wait a second. Who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" call person?
Rachel : Well, all right, then, forget it. Might as well just go home. Ow!
Rachel : Thank you. Thank you. I love you.
Rachel : Hi, this is my friend Rachel.
Rachel : Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor? Dr.
Rachel : I meant young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh, Good Rach.
Rachel : Right.
Rachel : So, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Rachel : Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said yes.
Rachel : What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
Rachel : Was that the cake?
Rachel : I hope it's ok.
Rachel : Ok, coming!
Rachel : Oh, that's great. Look at that. Dr.
Rachel : You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you. Well, listen, why don't you two sit down, and we'll get you some glasses....STAT.
Rachel : Ok, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are. I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine, I really do.
Rachel : Would you stop being such a wuss?
Rachel : I am not a baby. You know what?
Rachel : You know what?
Rachel : Every day, you are becoming more and more like your mother. Dr.
Rachel : I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Rachel : Uh, I'm a uh, chef at a restaurant uptown. Dr.
Rachel : Yeah it is. Mostly because I get to boss people around, which I just love to do. Dr.
Rachel : And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow.
Rachel : I use my breasts to get other people's attention.
Rachel : Daddy, daddy, why? Why would I sleep with Billy Drestin? His father tried to put you out of business! You are dead!
Rachel : Hello? Uh, yeah, uh, hold on a second. Let me see if she's here. It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. Oh, god, what do we do, what do we do?
Rachel : No, you do it.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : You were right, this was just not worth it.
Rachel : Ok, let me just change.
Rachel : Hi, remember us?
Rachel : And I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.
Rachel : I know. I'm just not that bright either.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Hey, look, you guys, I'm going for anything here, OK? I cannot be a waitress anymore, I mean it. I'm sick of the lousy tips, I'm sick of being called 'Excuse me...'
Rachel : Uh... yeah, why?
Rachel : [upset] Oh my Goood! Oh, do you think it's on all of them?
Rachel : Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? [to Monica,
Rachel : [to
Rachel : [out
Rachel : What?
Rachel : [grabs the bill] Give me that! [Camera cuts to Chandler and Ross at table.]
Rachel : Hi! How are you?
Rachel : OK. [walks away] [Ross keeps staring at her, head on table. Chandler smacks him with a newspaper. Joey enters, Ross and Chandler laugh at him.]
Rachel : Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
Rachel : Really.
Rachel : But you could teach us.
Rachel : Oh, good for you!
Rachel : Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here! [gives it to Phoebe]
Rachel : Oh, no no no no no no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.
Rachel : OOooooo!
Rachel : OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow... [gets up to leave]
Rachel : Settle what?
Rachel : Oh. Right.
Rachel : [to
Rachel : [opening mail] Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?
Rachel : Oh, I beg to differ. The Pictionary incident?
Rachel : Oooooh. [reads letter]
Rachel : [in
Rachel : Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living! [Knock on door.]
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Why?
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
Rachel : Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, and--oh, I went to camp with her cousin... and, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
Rachel : Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story--
Rachel : No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.
Rachel : Alright... [shuffles cards expertly, all the guys stare in amazement] COMMERCIAL [Time lapse.]
Rachel : Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women. [hands over her money]
Rachel : Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon.
Rachel : Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
Rachel : Oh no no no no no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
Rachel : Your fly is open, Geller. [he checks it, and zips up] [Time lapse.]
Rachel : I'm in.
Rachel : Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! [lays down cards] I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? [collects chips] I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. [holds up a chip] I think that one was Ross's, and I think--oh--that one was Ross's. Yes! [starts
Rachel : And your fly's still open... [Ross looks down.]
Rachel : Ha, I made you look.... [Time lapse.]
Rachel : I couldn't be inner. Monica?
Rachel : Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. [throws chips in pot] What do you say... want to waste another buck?
Rachel : I'm not telling. [collects chips]
Rachel : No..!
Rachel : Get your hands out of there! No!
Rachel : [deals new hand] Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Rachel : Oh, you are losing. Definitely losing. [phone rings]
Rachel : [answering phone] Hel-lo, Rachel Green.
Rachel : [on
Rachel : Barbara! Hi, how are you? [pause] Uh-huh. [pause] No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, plea--Hello? Hello? [hangs up phone, very depressed] [Rachel goes back and sits down. The rest don't know what to say.]
Rachel : Yeah...[sigh]....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
Rachel : Yes, we do. [pause]
Rachel : I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars. [throws it in]
Rachel : Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that? [Everyone says no and folds, except for Ross, who thinks about it.]
Rachel : [to
Rachel : What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it? [Ross thinks it over, finally sits down and picks up his cards.]
Rachel : How many you want?
Rachel : Dealer takes two. [she deals herself two cards] What do you bet?
Rachel : OK... see your two... and I raise you twenty. [throws it in]
Rachel : See your twenty-five...and...uh, Monica, get my purse. [Monica gets up, looks in Rachel's purse.]
Rachel : OK, then get me your purse. [Monica gets Rachel her purse.]
Rachel : [to
Rachel : [lays down cards] Full house. [Ross stares at her. Thinks about it. Puts cards on table, face down.]
Rachel : Oh, time's up.
Rachel : OK, OK, it's my turn. [reads the answer]
Rachel : Yes!
Rachel : Okay, okay, I checked. We
Rachel : Thank you. [Examines it] Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!
Rachel : Oh. Right. ...Oh great.
Rachel : Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration'. Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
Rachel : Barry who I almost.
Rachel : Mindy, my maid of. Oh!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
Rachel : No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
Rachel : Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw- animal- sexual-
Rachel : Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Rachel : Hi, how was the movie?
Rachel : [To Marcel] And I will see you tomorrow!
Rachel : Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- [Marcel pushes down a cushion to reveal a shoe] Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? [Takes the shoe into the kitchen] Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! [She notices the newsletter and taps the contents of the shoes onto it, then folds it shut] Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. [She leaves the apartment holding the newsletter at arm's length. However, she leaves the door open. Marcel runs out in the opposite direction. There is a shot from the TV and Rachel runs back in] Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- [Looks down and notices he is missing] Marcel? Marc- [Notices the open door] [Time lapse. Now everyone but Ross and Phoebe is back at Monica and Rachel's]
Rachel : I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
Rachel : I don't know. The left one.
Rachel : Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.
Rachel : C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?
Rachel : Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
Rachel : Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Rachel : Anybody wanna trade? Oh... [Cut to Monica and Phoebe knocking on a door. Mr. Heckles emerges] Mr.
Rachel : [On the phone] Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... [Enter Ross] ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
Rachel : Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?
Rachel : Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Rachel : Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
Rachel : Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.
Rachel : Y'know Marcel?
Rachel : Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him. [Cut to outside the window, with Ross reacting with disbelief. The shot pans back until we see Marcel sitting on the window ledge] [Commercial] [Same scene]
Rachel : I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Rachel : [Tearfully] Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- [Door buzzer goes and she runs to get it] Oh! Who is it?
Rachel : See? I've even called Animal Control!
Rachel : Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?
Rachel : O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...
Rachel : Hi, thanks for coming. Luisa [Animal
Rachel : Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding! [Ross puts his arms around her and they act all sweetness and light]
Rachel : Turned out it was a hat.
Rachel : Cat! What'm I saying? Cat! [Luisa nods, but then Monica and Phoebe run in]
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!
Rachel : Yes!!
Rachel : None.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Marcel?
Rachel : Ross, you don't know that.
Rachel : Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. [Kicks the sign] Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Rachel : Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Rachel : Ross.
Rachel : Ross.
Rachel : Ross!
Rachel : Then what's with all the bananas? Mr.
Rachel : Oh, c'mon, Luisa!
Rachel : Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it!
Rachel : Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart? [Scene
Rachel : Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.
Rachel : Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your-
Rachel : That'd be good.
Rachel : Barry?!
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Oh, that is so sick.
Rachel : Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Rachel : Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Rachel : Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Rachel : Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that? (Ross 'PROMPTS' Chandler BY HITTING HIM ON THE ARM)
Rachel : Why?
Rachel : All right. All right all right all right all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it! (QUICK CUT TO THE POST-COITAL Rachel and Barry IN Barry'S SURGERY)
Rachel : Wow... Wow!
Rachel : I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.
Rachel : Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here... SCENE
Rachel : Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.
Rachel : Well, what about Mindy?
Rachel : No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?
Rachel : No. No no no no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.
Rachel : Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..
Rachel : I had a bra. (Barry FINDS IT DRAPED ON A CUPBOARD and GIVES IT TO Rachel. THEY KISS. ENTER Bobby)
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Pretty well, actually... (WandERING INTO KITCHEN)
Rachel : Oh, do I?
Rachel : (LOW VOICE)....We ended up having sex in his chair.
Rachel : I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
Rachel : Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now", what would you say? (Ross FLOUNDERS)
Rachel : Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... okay... great... great... all right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. okay... bye. (SITS DOWN HEAVILY) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
Rachel : Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... (DOES SO) Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be! (AD BREAK) SCENE
Rachel : Get down?
Rachel : Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
Rachel : Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Rachel : And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
Rachel : Right, I'll see you guys later...
Rachel : Mindy.
Rachel : Hey, you.... So, what's up?
Rachel : Sure we should... So.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Of course!
Rachel : Was that all you wanted to ask me?
Rachel : Ohhhh!! (MINDY STARTS TO SOB) ...What? What?
Rachel : Oh sure it is!
Rachel : Um, what- what would make you think that?
Rachel : (DRAWS BACK) Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Rachel : What? What's what you were afraid of?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Uh.. Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.
Rachel : (OFFERS HER ARM TO MINDY. SHE SNIFFS) Smell familiar?
Rachel : Oh, I am so sorry.
Rachel : Hey. Got a second?
Rachel : Uh, we are here to break up with you.
Rachel : Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?
Rachel : Even when we were having sex in that chair?
Rachel : Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
Rachel : Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.
Rachel : Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels GREAT.
Rachel : What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Rachel : Oh God.
Rachel : And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba. SCENE
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.
Rachel : You DON'T KNOW?
Rachel : Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
Rachel : Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.
Rachel : [Out of shot] Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!
Rachel : Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious. [Intro] [Scene
Rachel : Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : You're not an artist.
Rachel : Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
Rachel : [Yawning] Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...
Rachel : [Yawning] Nooo...
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
Rachel : Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
Rachel : Which one do you think she is? [The teacher comes up to them]
Rachel : What does she mean?
Rachel : She could be you. [Music starts]
Rachel : What? You just click when they click.
Rachel : Aww.
Rachel : Nope. We took her to lunch.
Rachel : No way. No way did you do this. Fake
Rachel : Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up. [Exits] Fake
Rachel : Oh, somebody will. [Enter Joey]
Rachel : Where the hell've you been?
Rachel : Are you drunk?!
Rachel : Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried... [Monica is drinking from the tap]
Rachel : Monica? Monica!
Rachel : Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
Rachel : Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
Rachel : Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : [Brings Marcel a teddy bear] Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the 'plane.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Shut up!
Rachel : All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Rachel : Well, you were pretty damnedy good.
Rachel : Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
Rachel : Get off.
Rachel : What are you playing with?
Rachel : Off to see young Ethan?
Rachel : Just a touch. Mon, I don?t understand. I mean, you?ve been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Rachel : Could tonight be the Night?
Rachel : So, did you shave your legs?
Rachel : Aha!
Rachel : No, forget it.
Rachel : All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. [Camera fades to Ross, who?s listening very carefully] Joey was there too.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : No, it was just the three of us.
Rachel : He, he, he. You know what?
Rachel : There were times when it wasn?t even me. [Chandler and Joey laughs, until they look at each other]
Rachel : Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
Rachel : Ethan called again.
Rachel : I, I didn?t say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear.
Rachel : Where are you going?
Rachel : [understands that Monica and Ethan wanna be alone] Hey, did you guys check out those new handdryers in the bathroom?
Rachel : True story.
Rachel : Let?s dry ?em again. [They go to the bathroom again]
Rachel : [talks in her sleep] Oooooooooh. [Rachel strokes her hand over the pillow. Ross mimicks her silently] Oh, that?s nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross. [Ross gets all excited and starts to dance on the coffee table, but slips allmost immediatly, and falls onto the couch. Rachel wakes up.]
Rachel : Ross?
Rachel : You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just...
Rachel : What?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : I don?t know where the phone is. [Ross runs from the table, over the couch but slips and falls onto the floor]
Rachel : Ross?
Rachel : What, so I can?t lokk nice? There might be doctors there.
Rachel : Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction. [Everyone looks at Rachel as though she made a tasteless comment.]
Rachel : What, it's ok when Chandler does it?
Rachel : Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.
Rachel : And if you need anything else, I--[notices the handsome Dr. Franzblau]--do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate. Dr.
Rachel : Oh, that's funny!
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
Rachel : Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. What if the baby needs him?
Rachel : Yeah, why?
Rachel : No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?
Rachel : Ok?
Rachel : [to Dr. Franzblau] Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating. Dr.
Rachel : [anxiously] No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you? Dr.
Rachel : Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors. Dr.
Rachel : Oh. Dr.
Rachel : I'm a waitress. Dr.
Rachel : [getting the point] Yeah. Gotcha. Dr.
Rachel : Ok. That's fine. [takes her earrings out]
Rachel : Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.
Rachel : Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.
Rachel : Oh, I know. Look at him.
Rachel : You guys wanna get some coffee?
Rachel : Oh, let me see! [grabs picture] Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over! [Ross is practically drooling over Rachel at this point.]
Rachel : Pardon?
Rachel : Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later. [walks into living room] [Everyone follows Rachel to the living room. Monica pulls Joey aside.]
Rachel : OK, I'm guessing this is from... [Melanie smiles.]
Rachel : Well, thank you, Melanie.
Rachel : [picks it up] OK... ah, it's light... [shakes it]...it rattles... it's... [opens it] Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you! [she gives it back to him] [Chandler looks dejected. Rachel picks up another gift.]
Rachel : This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And...[opens it]...it's a book!
Rachel : Who's this from?
Rachel : Oh... [opens it]... [sees it is a pin] Oh my God. He remembered.
Rachel : It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Rachel : What did you just say?
Rachel : No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?
Rachel : Oh.... my God.
Rachel : I mean, this is unbelievable.
Rachel : No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... [to
Rachel : Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him. [gets up to leave]
Rachel : I-I-I don't know.
Rachel : I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
Rachel : Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later. [opens door]
Rachel : Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me.... [Rachel gets up to the jetway.] Flight
Rachel : Hi. Flight
Rachel : Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend. Flight
Rachel : No, I know, but I--he just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just... Flight
Rachel : OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important. Flight
Rachel : Uh... I don't know.
Rachel : I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Rachel : I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Rachel : [confused] Huh?
Rachel : I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
Rachel : No!
Rachel : No, I'm just....
Rachel : Wha--
Rachel : No! There is.. there is noone else!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
Rachel : Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided this--this whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Rachel : Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna--
Rachel : Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...
Rachel : Who is it?
Rachel : C'mon up.
Rachel : Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.
Rachel : So I'm thinking about you. So what?
Rachel : Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy....
Rachel : Ross, it's too hard.
Rachel : Ross, you're like my best friend.
Rachel : If we broke up, and I lost you...
Rachel : Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
Rachel : I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.
Rachel : Wow.
Rachel : Right! You're right!
Rachel : You know what?
Rachel : I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... [gives him her drink] I mean--I'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry. [Rachel leaves.]
Rachel : [sifting through crowd] Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi.
Rachel : Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Emergency! Excuse me!
Rachel : Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. I wanna hear everything!
Rachel : These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country.
Rachel : Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
Rachel : Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.
Rachel : You, you, you said he liked me. You, you slowpokes!
Rachel : And the chicken poops in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
Rachel : Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Rachel : Yeah, sure.
Rachel : Did you talk to him?
Rachel : Then, no.
Rachel : Here's your lemonade.
Rachel : Oh. Well than, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.
Rachel : Go go go go, come on! Well, what did you find out?
Rachel : Sorry, I thought you were talking to me.
Rachel : Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
Rachel : I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. I gotta get out of here.
Rachel : Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?
Rachel : Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night.
Rachel : Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye.
Rachel : I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.
Rachel : At his apartment. Is this juice?
Rachel : I know, I know I'm a pathetic loser.
Rachel : Yeah, he's back. Is that a problem?
Rachel : I'm glad it's not a problem.
Rachel : How is she?
Rachel : I'm ok.
Rachel : When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, then 50 feet of crap, then me.
Rachel : Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
Rachel : I don't know, I don't know.
Rachel : Wait, are you leaving?
Rachel : Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all, what?
Rachel : No.
Rachel : No, I think that was the whole all.
Rachel : No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andy McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.
Rachel : Yeah, I forget which ones.
Rachel : Thank you. What a bitch.
Rachel : Hey, guys, what's up.
Rachel : Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy?
Rachel : You went shopping for fur?
Rachel : You bought boobs?
Rachel : Oh, this is so cute.
Rachel : Did you just say Hi, Jew?
Rachel : Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.
Rachel : They took Ben to the park. Where've you been?
Rachel : Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon. Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?
Rachel : And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket
Rachel : Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with?
Rachel : Who?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : You were with Julie?
Rachel : Oh. Oh my god.
Rachel : Yeah, right.
Rachel : Oh, please, you wanted to get caught.
Rachel : Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?
Rachel : Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdales? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Rachel : Well that works out good, because I'm not listening.
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?
Rachel : Yes.
Rachel : Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually, but now she's actually stealing you.
Rachel : I love you too.
Rachel : I'd do anything for you, you know that.
Rachel : So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
Rachel : Really? Me?
Rachel : Well, you're not totally paranoid.
Rachel : Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
Rachel : Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.
Rachel : Come on, they were not that huge.
Rachel : You don't have birds. Mr.
Rachel : All right, bye-bye.
Rachel : "Oh, my, god."
Rachel : We won. We won!
Rachel : How did this happen? Mr.
Rachel : Ok, so let's talk money. Mr.
Rachel : Have you ever seen so much crap?
Rachel : Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
Rachel : What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.
Rachel : Well, what about my stuff?
Rachel : You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?
Rachel : Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.
Rachel : Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Monica, let it go.
Rachel : Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.
Rachel : I am. Let me just get my coat.
Rachel : Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Rachel : Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp.
Rachel : Ok, you win.
Rachel : Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
Rachel : She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them.
Rachel : Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
Rachel : You are ready to make a commitment!
Rachel : What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : It's really not that big!
Rachel : (sarcastically) Hi, Julie.
Rachel : Yeah, whoosh!
Rachel : So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Rachel : Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Rachel : For Ross, Ross, Ross.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
Rachel : Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
Rachel : Ok, I will have the uh, (whispers) side salad.
Rachel : Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?
Rachel : Um, everyone?
Rachel : Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
Rachel : That's 'cause you have it.
Rachel : Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.
Rachel : Ok.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big.
Rachel : Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.
Rachel : Me neither.
Rachel : What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
Rachel : Fine.
Rachel : Happy birthday.
Rachel : Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
Rachel : Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?
Rachel : On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey?
Rachel : What party?
Rachel : Who gave you that hickey?
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : What, as part of your poor friends outreach program? (Monica's pager goes off)
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : So, how was the party?
Rachel : Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Rachel : Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
Rachel : What? [looks, feigns indifference] C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.
Rachel : Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
Rachel : Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
Rachel : Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing. [Ross and Julie enter.]
Rachel : Together?
Rachel : Both of you?
Rachel : Together.
Rachel : Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Rachel : Well. [looks at watch] Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. [she leaves carrying her tray then comes back in] OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave.
Rachel : [distracted] How long do cats live?
Rachel : Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
Rachel : That's just great. [she picks up her champagne and starts drinking]
Rachel : Oh, right, clink. [downs her glass]
Rachel : Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
Rachel : I mean he just started going out with her.
Rachel : Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.
Rachel : OK, OK. So, you ever get a pet with a girlfriend?
Rachel : [obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? [belligerently] What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
Rachel : Yes! Thank you. [The waiter comes to the table.]
Rachel : Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
Rachel : Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Rachel : Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Rachel : Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellular phone] Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo [she almost falls out of her chair]
Rachel : Hello, excuse me.
Rachel : Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
Rachel : I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is still reluctant] OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Rachel : Thank you. OK. [dials] [to Michael] Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Rachel : [on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. [hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket] Commercial
Rachel : Ahhhh.
Rachel : Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . . [Rachel looks at Ross as though she remembers something, but can't place what it is.]
Rachel : I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Rachel : Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?
Rachel : Huh.
Rachel : Oh yeah, go ahead. [Rachel walks in her room. Ross picks up the phone and dials his machine to check his messages.]
Rachel : Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . [jumps the couch and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a confused expression on his face.]
Rachel : Ohhhhhhhh God. [climbs off his back]
Rachel : Ohh, ohh.
Rachel : Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
Rachel : Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.
Rachel : Chandler told me.
Rachel : When you were in China.
Rachel : Meeting Julie.
Rachel : Are you over me? [A moment of silence.]
Rachel : Wait, so, you're going?
Rachel : OK, OK.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Oh, that's um, interesting.
Rachel : Alright, I got it Ross.
Rachel : [hurt] What?
Rachel : Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Rachel : I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.
Rachel : Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.
Rachel : Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Rachel : Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Rachel : Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Rachel : 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Rachel : Good. [Ross leaves] [Rachel gets up and opens the door, yelling after him.]
Rachel : And ya know what, now I've got closure. [Rachel slams the door and locks it. She sits down, visibly upset. She puts her head in her hands and begins to cry. Ross comes back and is standing outside the window. When Rachel regroups and gets back up to finish closing, she sees him. She smiles. She goes to open the door and can't get the lock undone.]
Rachel : Ross kissed me.
Rachel : It was unbelievable!
Rachel : Oh, it ended very well.
Rachel : Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.
Rachel : No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair. Phoebe &
Rachel : [to Ross] Hey, you.
Rachel : Good. How are you?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Did uh, Ross call?
Rachel : Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
Rachel : Oh my god.
Rachel : Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth. [Rachel runs to the sink to spit it out.]
Rachel : Hey, do you guys have...[sees Ross, pauses]...hi.
Rachel : [sees his coat on] Where you goin'?
Rachel : [dejected] Oh.
Rachel : Well, what's the other thing, what do I think? [Joey is looking at Rachel, smiling, and gesturing his head towards Ross.]
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Oh, god. Joey &
Rachel : Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.
Rachel : Let me get my coat.
Rachel : Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable. [notices Chandler's computer screen] What's that?
Rachel : What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?
Rachel : Well what is it? Let me see. [Ross walks back in, Rachel's coat in hand.]
Rachel : Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
Rachel : And I'm in it? Then let me read it. Chandler, Joey,
Rachel : Come on.
Rachel : All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
Rachel : All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it. [Rachel grabs the paper and runs across the room, reading it to herself.]
Rachel : What is this? Ross, what is this?
Rachel : Kind of ditzy? Too into her looks? Spoiled?
Rachel : Just a waitress?
Rachel : Oh! I do not have chubby ankles! [Rachel leaves, and Ross follows her into the hall.]
Rachel : She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress. [She goes into her apartment and slams the door.]
Rachel : [coldly] When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape.
Rachel : Not interested. [Rachel closes the drapes over the window, goes into her bedroom and closes the door.]
Rachel : No.
Rachel : That's what I said.
Rachel : No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.
Rachel : [near tears] No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
Rachel : Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. [to the others] I said don't go!
Rachel : Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list. [She closes the door in his face. Ross walks sullenly back to the couch and sits down. A moment of silence ensues.]
Rachel : [to Monica] Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Uhh, the mailman, the super. [There's a bang at the door.]
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.
Rachel : Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?
Rachel : Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.
Rachel : How have you never been on Oprah?
Rachel : Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Rachel : No, nothin'.
Rachel : Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent. [hands her a smashed box]
Rachel : Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
Rachel : OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Rachel : Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross. [she walks off and Ross puts his hand to his hair]
Rachel : Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.
Rachel : Did you just break the radiator?
Rachel : I'll call the super.
Rachel : [on phone] Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Rachel : [answers door] Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Rachel : [answering the door] Mr. Treeger. Mr.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna. Mr.
Rachel : Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Rachel : What'cha gonna' do?
Rachel : Nice seizing. . . gel boy. Mr.
Rachel : Huh-huh, no act--no, uhh, that, that is basil. Mr.
Rachel : Huh-hoo, yeah, no, it's still basil.
Rachel : Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.
Rachel : Joey, would you slow down? They're not gonna be sold out of papers at one o'clock in the morning.
Rachel : Joey, honey, they don't know what they're talking about.
Rachel : We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys. [walks over to table, holding five empty wine bottles]
Rachel : I had one glass.
Rachel : OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five? [All look towards door Fun Bobby left through.]
Rachel : Ehhhummmm, I don't know, why don't you taste it.
Rachel : Oh well, too late, sorry, you already had some. Fun
Rachel : Yeah, we're gonna... we're gonna get some cake. [Phoebe and Rachel go to counter.]
Rachel : Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.
Rachel : Yeah... I, uhh... I have a... I have a date.
Rachel : What? What is so strange about me having a date?
Rachel : Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.
Rachel : I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.
Rachel : Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross. [Russ enters Central Perk. He looks like Ross, except for his chin and hair (it is David Schwimmer in a dual role).]
Rachel : Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Rachel : What's the matter?
Rachel : What, isn't he sober?
Rachel : Ohhh, OK. [Monica returns to couch next to Fun Bobby.]
Rachel : Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.
Rachel : Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Uhh.... waitressing?
Rachel : [looks at him] Huh, Bob Saget?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Well, we're not seeing each other, so....
Rachel : Well, yeah, this is the deal.
Rachel : Um, Russ, you ready?
Rachel : Bye.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.
Rachel : Steve... sleeve!
Rachel : Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing. [They look over at Russ and Ross.]
Rachel : Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww! [turns away]
Rachel : Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
Rachel : I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?
Rachel : Why would I have to sleep with you?
Rachel : Oh God, even his knock is boring. [Monica answers the door. Its Fun Bobby.]
Rachel : What happened?
Rachel : [entering hurriedly] Did I miss it? Did I miss it?
Rachel : I'm sorry, what?
Rachel : That's great!
Rachel : What do you mean?
Rachel : Ok, who ordered what?
Rachel : Oh god.
Rachel : I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
Rachel : Mom! Mrs.
Rachel : Pretty much. Mrs.
Rachel : This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross. Mrs.
Rachel : Oh Mom! Mrs.
Rachel : Really? Mrs.
Rachel : Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument. Mrs.
Rachel : I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know? Mrs.
Rachel : For...me. Mrs.
Rachel : Well, what do you mean? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick.
Rachel : None.
Rachel : No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
Rachel : I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
Rachel : Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
Rachel : These are from Halloween three years ago. Mrs.
Rachel : No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Rachel : Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
Rachel : Hey, Mon, you want some help?
Rachel : She's still with you?
Rachel : God!
Rachel : Oh! What's new in sex? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing? Mrs.
Rachel : You want me to talk you out of it? Mrs.
Rachel : Then what? What do you want? Mrs.
Rachel : Why on earth would I understand this? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Hey, Mom? Having fun? Mrs.
Rachel : There's more alcohol, right? [Susan approaches Ross, who's looking lonely]
Rachel : I had a wedding.
Rachel : Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
Rachel : Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.
Rachel : Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.
Rachel : And she's not crazy?
Rachel : Oh my God.
Rachel : Not at all inappropriate!
Rachel : Well, so what're you gonna do?
Rachel : No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens.
Rachel : Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?
Rachel : Oh, I know, I know. [Turns on the TV. Joey in on it.]
Rachel : Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me. [throws water in his face]
Rachel : You're kidding.
Rachel : OK. [little kid enters]
Rachel : Now just how big of a star is Marcel?
Rachel : What what what what?
Rachel : Ya think?
Rachel : No, was he any good in it?
Rachel : Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
Rachel : What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Rachel : OK, I'm doin' it for ya.
Rachel : Excuse me. Hi. Van
Rachel : Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute. Van
Rachel : I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her? Van
Rachel : Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
Rachel : He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Rachel : Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you.
Rachel : And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Rachel : Does anybody need anything?
Rachel : That is so unfair.
Rachel : Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. [Monica starts making faces behind her back] She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
Rachel : That is the most ridiculous.
Rachel : I did not sell you out.
Rachel : Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]
Rachel : OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- [Monica flicks her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks Monica]
Rachel : Ow, you stop flicking.
Rachel : Ow. Ow. Ow.
Rachel : Oh, what do you, you want me to stop seeing him, is that what you want?
Rachel : You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?
Rachel : Oh that's what you want.
Rachel : Fine.
Rachel : No. [hitting each other]
Rachel : No. [hitting again] [Monica grabs Rachel by the sweater. Rachel squirms out of it]
Rachel : OK, OK, that is my favorite sweater, that is my third date sweater.
Rachel : OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play. [She grabs a jar of tomato sauce and Monica's purse]
Rachel : You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara.
Rachel : Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute. [Monica pulls a thread on Rachel's sweater and Rachel dumps the tomato sauce in Monica's purse]
Rachel : I'll help you throw out your purse.
Rachel : Well, I'm sorry I went out with him when I knew you liked him.
Rachel : OK, well, bye. [kisses him] Van
Rachel : OK, well, bye-bye again. [kisses him again]
Rachel : Oh, no no no no no. Van
Rachel : No no no no.
Rachel : Impressive.
Rachel : Bye-bye.
Rachel : Oh yeah.
Rachel : Hi. Mrs.
Rachel : Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see. Mr.
Rachel : What, what incident? Mr.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : What are you, what are you doin'?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
Rachel : OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?
Rachel : Ross, there is no us, OK.
Rachel : No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Rachel : NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.
Rachel : No, no, ACC-cept that.
Rachel : [comes up from behind the bar and startles Chandler] Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found? [holds up Chandler's bracelet]
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Oh my God.
Rachel : They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Ahh, so do you, beautiful. [they hug]
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress. Mr.
Rachel : Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
Rachel : [the shoulders of her dress keep falling off her shoulders] Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Rachel : Oh, the guys are here.
Rachel : Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.
Rachel : Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet?
Rachel : I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
Rachel : I can't believe I don't get to go to my own prom, this is so harsh.
Rachel : Hi you guys.
Rachel : Hey you.
Rachel : So, uh, how was your day?
Rachel : Really? Mine too.
Rachel : OK. [they go to kiss but everyone's watching so Ross just kisses her on the top of her head and leaves]
Rachel : It is our first official date. Our first date.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.
Rachel : Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.
Rachel : C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.
Rachel : I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date. [They start kissing.]
Rachel : Monica.
Rachel : Honey, I'm just checking.
Rachel : Monica.
Rachel : Monica.
Rachel : I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
Rachel : Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
Rachel : OK. [start kissing again and Rachel starts lauging again]
Rachel : I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
Rachel : Just one cheek.
Rachel : Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.
Rachel : C'mon touch it.
Rachel : Oh, come on squeeze it.
Rachel : Rub it.
Rachel : Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass.
Rachel : Hi you guys. Chandler and
Rachel : Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .
Rachel : OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.
Rachel : Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.
Rachel : What's this.
Rachel : Hi you guys.
Rachel : Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.
Rachel : Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.
Rachel : When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here. [points to the tip of her nose]
Rachel : I know.
Rachel : It's OK, it's fine.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.
Rachel : No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
Rachel : We won't?
Rachel : OK, that's dead right?
Rachel : What is this? What are we doing?
Rachel : Grape.
Rachel : Oh, God. [The stereo system booms out 'Billions of years ago. . .'. Ross gets up and changes it to music.]
Rachel : Ah, so what are we looking at?
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. [they kiss]
Rachel : This time it's not so funny. [They kiss and start undressing. As Rachel tries to pull off Ross's tie she catches it in his mouth. Then they roll across the fur rug.]
Rachel : Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
Rachel : Oh, thank God.
Rachel : Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : [enters from her room] OK, ready when you are.
Rachel : Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him.
Rachel : Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?
Rachel : Well I. . .
Rachel : [reluctantly] Uh-huh.
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : No. Well, yeah, maybe.
Rachel : What's 1922?
Rachel : Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .
Rachel : No.
Rachel : You?
Rachel : I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.
Rachel : Phoebe we just saw mine, let me see yours.
Rachel : You didn't get it?
Rachel : Why didn't you get it?
Rachel : Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.
Rachel : Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Is Ross here?
Rachel : Oh really, OK. [shows Monica her tattoo]
Rachel : What? You didn't get one.
Rachel : That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
Rachel : Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo. [she bends over and bears her tattoo right when Ross returns]
Rachel : Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.
Rachel : Well?
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : I guess.
Rachel : Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
Rachel : [holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?
Rachel : Hey, nice toilet.
Rachel : OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece. [Phoebe enters]
Rachel : Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.
Rachel : Pie in the hood, pie in the hood. Go. [Ross goes over behind the guy and grabs the pie out of his hood as he leaves]
Rachel : What's goin' on?
Rachel : Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.
Rachel : Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.
Rachel : [sarcastically] I've never wanted you more.
Rachel : Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.
Rachel : It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate. [Pheobe enters]
Rachel : Pretty uhm, different huh?
Rachel : Would you guys stop.
Rachel : Oh my God.
Rachel : Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy. [goes in the bathroom]
Rachel : Well, how did you find out?
Rachel : OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
Rachel : [sings] And you're no friend to those with noses.
Rachel : So what happens next?
Rachel : Great set tonight Phoebs.
Rachel : Phoebe's dead.
Rachel : Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.
Rachel : Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.
Rachel : Uhhhooo.
Rachel : Well, there's you.
Rachel : Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.
Rachel : Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Rachel : Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head.
Rachel : Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Rachel : God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Rachel : Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
Rachel : But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Rachel : Oh, hi.
Rachel : Oh my God, honey that's great.
Rachel : Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.
Rachel : Ooooh yeah. [they pull out the box of condoms but there's only one left]
Rachel : Ok, I, I will do your laundry for one month.
Rachel : Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.
Rachel : Agghhh.
Rachel : Rock-paper-scissors?
Rachel : Yeesss.
Rachel : Honey.
Rachel : Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please? [they turn on the TV]
Rachel : So, he's on the show, he knows what happens.
Rachel : Oh good. Dr.
Rachel : Joey.
Rachel : Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.
Rachel : Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
Rachel : Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.
Rachel : Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?
Rachel : Men just take out wind?
Rachel : Wow.
Rachel : Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.
Rachel : Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.
Rachel : Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.
Rachel : NO!
Rachel : No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
Rachel : No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
Rachel : Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?
Rachel : Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.
Rachel : You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit!
Rachel : Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.
Rachel : Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.
Rachel : Not uh, not to my recollection.
Rachel : Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Rachel : Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Rachel : Here are your cakes.
Rachel : No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
Rachel : You know.
Rachel : Thank you. So are we good?
Rachel : We're good?
Rachel : Ok, let me take these cakes back 'cause they're gonna take that out of my paycheck.
Rachel : No way. The most romantic song ever was "The Way We Were."
Rachel : What song is that, Pheebs?
Rachel : Hi, Monica.
Rachel : No. It's been three nights in a row.
Rachel : Monica, you broke up with him for a reason.
Rachel : Well, you know, I'm not surprised. I mean, have you seen them together? They're really cute.
Rachel : Yes, Joey, I remember. She's annoying. But you know what, she's his girlfriend now. I mean, what can we do?
Rachel : Honey, I was wondering. Do you still have that Navy uniform?
Rachel : You remember not having sex in high school, right? [pause] Well, honey, what about you? I mean, you have any fun fantasy-type things?
Rachel : Come on, you gotta have one.
Rachel : Ross, you know what? If you tell me, I might do it.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Did you ever do the Leia thing?
Rachel : Really? That great, huh?
Rachel : Hi, you guys.
Rachel : Mon? Hi. Why aren't you at work?
Rachel : Why?
Rachel : You really, really need to get some sleep.
Rachel : Really? Let me see. Let me see.
Rachel : Ross, I didn't think it would that big a deal.
Rachel : Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
Rachel : Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend. We tell each other everything. You know? Guys do the same thing. What about that locker room stuff?
Rachel : Both of those Joey?
Rachel : Not even with your best friend?
Rachel : That is so sad. You're missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. Knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
Rachel : Pretty much.
Rachel : Uh, honey, that was with Carol.
Rachel : Okay, here we go. [she pulls off the robe to reveal the gold bikini] I'm Jabba's prisoner and you...have a really weird look on your face... honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
Rachel : Hey hey. Oh, look at you, all sexy.
Rachel : Oooh...wow. Hi. [they embrace]
Rachel : How come you didn't come over earlier?
Rachel : Yeah, I just have to get dressed.
Rachel : Yeah, once I figure out what I'm wearing. [walks into her bedroom and closes door]
Rachel : [walking out into the living room] You guys, does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?
Rachel : Uh, no. Wait, you know what? This is the outfit that makes my calves look fat...never mind. [walks back into bedroom]
Rachel : [coming out of bedroom] What? Ross (in
Rachel : [coming out of bedroom] Is this a little too [looks up and notices Phoebe's stained dress] Pheebs, what happened?
Rachel : Oh, honey, we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
Rachel : No, you're right. We'll find you something. Let's just get you out of that.
Rachel : [to Monica, who has just come in] Monica, can Phoebe borrow your green dress?
Rachel : Okay, Pheebs, you go with Monica. [Monica and Phoebe go to Mon's bedroom] Try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh god, what am I gonna wear?
Rachel : Honey, I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Rachel : Ross, that was a Halloween costume. Unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.
Rachel : Which, by the way, Chandler, I would like back one of these days.
Rachel : Oh, it's perfect. But not for tonight.
Rachel : No. I'm sorry. I love you. I love you. Breathe. [Rachel and Phoebe go to her bedroom]
Rachel : [coming out of bedroom holding shoes] Okay, Pheebs, quick, which shoes should I wear? The black or the purple? The purple ones?
Rachel : Yeah, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants.
Rachel : [calmly] Alright. [she turns and goes back to bedroom]
Rachel : I'm not gonna go.
Rachel : No. I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.
Rachel : I'm not gonna go, so I think that will accomplish the not going.
Rachel : Well, ever since, I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a very, you know, museum, benefitty kind of mood.
Rachel : That's fine.
Rachel : I'm not mad. I'm just not going.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Right.
Rachel : Right. And the humiliating.
Rachel : Right.
Rachel : Um-hum. [Ross goes to kiss Rachel and she turns so he kisses the side of her head.]
Rachel : No. No. No. Wait. Wait a minute. That actually sounds interesting.
Rachel : I think you should drink the fat.
Rachel : No...no... I'll go. I'll go.
Rachel : You were really gonna do that, weren't you?
Rachel : [tearfully] You were gonna drink the fat.
Rachel : And I still have about five seconds to spare. [they kiss] That was about seven seconds.
Rachel : Come on...oh, and by the way, I'm going commando too.
Rachel : 'Okay. (listens) Okay, daddy we'll see you tomorrow night. (listens) Okay bye-bye.' (hangs up)
Rachel : Are ah, having dinner with my Dad tomorrow night, I hope that's okay.
Rachel : Ross, my father doesn't hate you.
Rachel : But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. (Ross looks at her) All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Hi Daddy! Dr.
Rachel : You remember Ross. Dr.
Rachel : Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster. Dr.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Aw honey stop! It's not that bad.
Rachel : Yeah. That's Daddy.
Rachel : Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
Rachel : So. Ross, I've bugged him about this a million times, he's not gonna change.
Rachel : Well um, I don't. Dr
Rachel : Yeah it is, it is. (to Ross) We really, really have to do something about that.
Rachel : Oh Daddy, no he didn't mean anything by that, he really didn't.
Rachel : You had to do it, didn't you? You couldn't just leave it alone.
Rachel : Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. (Ross groans and rubs his neck) Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.
Rachel : Um. yeah.
Rachel : All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
Rachel : Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Rachel : Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Rachel : Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!! (starts to cry)
Rachel : (opening the door) Hi Daddy. Dr.
Rachel : What? What? He's interested in you. He-he likes your hair, he just wants to know how you got here.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : He's got this thing. And I keep telling him to go to my chiropractor... Dr.
Rachel : Excuse me, Dr. Bobby happens to be an excellent doctor.
Rachel : Well that's his last name.
Rachel : It's Robert Bobby. Dr.
Rachel : And um, excuse me, he helps me.
Rachel : With my alignment. I've got one leg shorter than the other. Dr.
Rachel : What? It's true, my right leg is two inches shorter. Dr.
Rachel : I'm sorry, let her?
Rachel : No. Dr.
Rachel : Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
Rachel : You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?
Rachel : (shocked) Oh my God.
Rachel : Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
Rachel : No. A break from us. (Ross looks at her, then leaves slamming the door behind him.) [Monica and Rachel's, Mark is there, opening Chinese food boxes.]
Rachel : Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Rachel : Nobody.
Rachel : Umm, honey, look he just came over to....
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Well, we never actually got to dinner.
Rachel : No, we kinda broke up instead.
Rachel : (looking up at the ceiling) God, Monica it's on the ceiling.
Rachel : Yeah, but it's okay, because when Ross left Mark came over.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work. [Ross's Bedroom, Ross is waking up. He straightens himself out on the bed and puts the covers over his head.]
Rachel : (on answering machine) Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
Rachel : Eh, I'm just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don't want to get back together over a machine.
Rachel : So, I love you.
Rachel : And y'know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to bed now, but ah, on my way to work tomorrow morning, I'm gonna stop by around
Rachel : Bye. (Ross finds a clock, sees it's almost
Rachel : Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
Rachel : So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
Rachel : I can't talk to you. I can't even look at you right now!
Rachel : Just get away from me!
Rachel : A mistake?! What were you trying to put it in? Her purse?! [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : Ross, you had sex with another woman! [Cut to Monica's bedroom, both Monica and Phoebe gasp.]
Rachel : (opening the door) Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
Rachel : Just get out! Now!!
Rachel : Okay! All right! How was she? [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : Was she good? [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
Rachel : Good different?
Rachel : Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? (Ross can't answer that) Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?! (Ross hands Rachel back the newspaper, and she starts beating him with it again.)
Rachel : And yet she was worth jeopardising our relationship!! (She throws the paper at him, misses and hits Monica's door, they all jump back at the sound.)
Rachel : We were on a break!
Rachel : You think you're gonna get out of this on a technicality?
Rachel : Well, you sure had a hell of a time at the wake! [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : God! And to have to hear about it from Gunther!!
Rachel : Oh, that is so sweet. I think I'm falling in love with you all over again. [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
Rachel : You'd be okay if you knew that Mark had kissed me, and been naked with me, and made love to me?
Rachel : You knew that our hot, sweaty, writhing bodies were....
Rachel : I'm thinking, I'm gonna order a pizza.
Rachel : Fine. (on phone) Hi! Yes, I'd like to order a large pizza.
Rachel : With ah, extra anchovies.
Rachel : Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce? [Cut to later, they are finishing up the pizza, there's one piece left.]
Rachel : Well, I should think so. You slept with someone. [Cut to Monica's bedroom, they're all eating the wax, Chandler and Phoebe, don't like it. Joey tries some and makes a face
Rachel : That's....
Rachel : That is neither here nor there.
Rachel : No Ross!! (stands up and moves away from him) Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
Rachel : (softly) I think you should go.
Rachel : (softly) I really think you need to go now.
Rachel : Yeah, what the hell did I know!
Rachel : (crying) No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, (Ross stands up and backs away) it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever. [We see the rest of them are now crying.]
Rachel : Then how come it is?
Rachel : Oh, you?re welcome a million.
Rachel : (softly) Oh my God.
Rachel : Whoa! What?! Why?!
Rachel : Here?! Now?!
Rachel : Well, can?t you tell her that you are not in the mood?
Rachel : (interrupting) Whoa-ho.
Rachel : I don?t know. (they kiss again)
Rachel : Oh, making it worse!
Rachel : Oh, was it awful?
Rachel : I wrote you a letter.
Rachel : (handing him the letter) It?s just some things I?ve been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
Rachel : Well, I?ll be waiting for you, just come up when you?re done.
Rachel : (coming down the stairs) Hey! (Ross jumps up, and quickly puts the letter back together, pretending like he has just finished it.) What happened to you? Why didn?t you come up?
Rachel : You just finished?
Rachel : So umm, does it?
Rachel : Does it?
Rachel : What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn?t, and if you have to even think about it...
Rachel : Are you sure?
Rachel : I know. (Hugs him more violently this time and pushes him back away from the letter.)
Rachel : How was the beach?
Rachel : Ooh, I have to go pack. (Gets up to do so.) It really does?
Rachel : All right, that?s it, you guys! What happened out there?
Rachel : Come on!
Rachel : Ewwww!!
Rachel : (turning to look at Joey) Ewwww!!
Rachel : Oh-hooo, I missed you.
Rachel : Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you?ve grown. Y'know?
Rachel : You have! Ross, you should give yourself credit. I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, ?Once a cheater, always a cheater.?
Rachel : Ooh, I just wish we hadn?t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective... [cut to Monica cleaning the floor in the kitchen]
Rachel : Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
Rachel : What?!!
Rachel : You fell asleep?!
Rachel : Y'know I can?t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Rachel : Oh, oh, and hey-hey-hey, those little spelling tips will come in handy when you?re at home on Saturday nights playing Scrabble with Monica!!
Rachel : (to Monica) Sorry!! (to Ross) I just feel bad about all that sleep you?re gonna miss wishing you were with me!
Rachel : And hey! Just so you know, it?s not that common! It doesn?t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Rachel : Good! ?Cause I?ve got a product report to read, it?s like eight pages, I hope I don?t fall asleep.
Rachel : (sees Chip?s phone number) Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?
Rachel : (interrupting) I bet he sensed that I was ready to have sex with another guy.
Rachel : Okay. (picks up phone) Are you sure you wanna hear this?
Rachel : (on phone) Chip! Hi, it?s Rachel. (listens) Rachel Green. Yeah, umm, you left me a message. (listens) Yes you did, my roommate wrote it down. (listens) Monica Geller. (listens) Ohh.
Rachel : Why? I love that thing.
Rachel : Oh no.
Rachel : Something to do with numbers? [Cut to someone entering Central Perk which lets a cat in. The cat then runs over to Phoebe?s guitar case and starts sniffing around.]
Rachel : What?
Rachel : You mean the mom you met in Montauk. She was a cat?!
Rachel : Umm, when were you gonna tell me that you?re going out with Chip Matthews?
Rachel : Nooo! It?s not okay! I can?t believe you would want to after what he did to me!
Rachel : Monica! I couldn?t find him for two hours! He was having sex with Amy Welch!
Rachel : I mean why, of all people would you want to go out with Chip?!
Rachel : Okay, that doesn?t help me, because we went to the same high school.
Rachel : (shocked) They had to have that specially made?!
Rachel : (stunned) Oh my God, they told us that was for the mascot!
Rachel : Oh, you go out with him. (goes over and hugs her)
Rachel : Yeah. Just, if it?s possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
Rachel : I believe it.
Rachel : Yes, I do.
Rachel : Oh sure I am, because you always have to be right.
Rachel : Jurassic Park could happen. (Ross wants to say something, but just smiles and leaves.)
Rachel : (entering) You guys, you?re never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! (She?s holding a flyer.) Look kinda familiar?
Rachel : You guys, there?s a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!
Rachel : Do we have to tell her?
Rachel : I hate when Ross is right!
Rachel : Pheebs...
Rachel : All right!!
Rachel : Jeez! (They both get up and leave Phoebe alone.)
Rachel : Hello, Chip.
Rachel : I?m great! I?m great. I?ve got a great job at Bloomingdale?s, have wonderful friends, and eventhough I?m not seeing anyone right now, I?ve never felt better about myself.
Rachel : She?ll be out in a second. So, Chip, how?s umm, Amy Welch?
Rachel : Wow! They really got you guys. Your T.V. The chairs.
Rachel : (to Monica) So, how was your date?
Rachel : Um-hmm.
Rachel : Oh honey, I?m sorry.
Rachel : Ohh! That?s so great!
Rachel : I?m sorry, sweetie. (shows her the flyer)
Rachel : That?s a good call. Right.
Rachel : You could.... say you?re sorry to her mom.
Rachel : So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?
Rachel : I?ll go with you.
Rachel : Oh! Good thing Chandler?s not here, he always wins at this game.
Rachel : (entering) Hey! Umm, do you guys have any juice?
Rachel : My boss, Joanna? Wow, that must?ve been awkward.
Rachel : (laughs) You ah, you didn?t say ?Yes? to that did you?
Rachel : What is she doing here? (Joey makes a sound like a creaking bed.)
Rachel : I don?t understand! Last time you went out with her you said she was a ?big, dull dud.?
Rachel : Well, last time I almost got fired. You must end it, you must end it now!
Rachel : Chandler!! (He turns around quickly) Promise me, you will end it.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Oh yeah, I totally agree. (Joey just nods his head.) [Cut to Central Perk, the entire gang is there.]
Rachel : That?s weird, she locked the door.
Rachel : Okay, swear you won?t tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna?s office. Do you wanna see the list?
Rachel : (answering it) (angrily) What?!
Rachel : You promised you would break up with her!
Rachel : And the fact that you were jeopardising my career never entered your mind?!
Rachel : Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
Rachel : Oh, Chandler!! All right, this is it! (Grabs the key) You never see Joanna again!
Rachel : You never come into this office again!
Rachel : You give me back my Walkman!
Rachel : Well, then I lost it. You buy me one!
Rachel : Does it hurt?
Rachel : Wait a minute! What are you gonna tell Joanna?
Rachel : When she sees that you?re gone, she?s gonna know that I let you out, and that I was in here, and I?m gonna get fired!
Rachel : No, there?s nothing to make up, she?s gonna know that I have a key to her office, I?ve got to get you locked up back the way you were! (She tries to drag him over to the chair, but Chandler stops her.)
Rachel : Chandler! Chandler, please, I have to get you locked up back the way you were, I am sooo gonna lose my job, she?s very private about her office. Now I know why.
Rachel : What if I clean your bathroom for a month?
Rachel : Foot rubs for a month!
Rachel : I?ll take all of your photos and put them into photo albums!
Rachel : Sophie sit!! (She closes the door and puts his tie into his mouth as a gag.)
Rachel : No! God, would you just calm down! (Chandler screams a little bit, then realises that he can spit out his gag. He does so with a ?Pouff!?)
Rachel : I ah, will buy and wrap all of your Christmas gifts.
Rachel : I ah? Oh! I?ll squeeze you fresh orange juice every morning!
Rachel : (happily) Yeah!!
Rachel : D?oh!! (pause) I?ve got it!
Rachel : I have so got it. There?s gonna be rumours about this, there?s no way to stop it. Sophie knows, Monica and Phoebe know.
Rachel : Oh, I called them. And when they ask me what I saw, I can be very generous (Holds her hands far apart) or very (In a high pitched voice) stingy.
Rachel : I can make you a legend. I can make you this generation?s Milton Berle.
Rachel : Ohh, not compared to you. (Chandler nods in agreement)
Rachel : So did you break up with Joanna?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : It?s me! Good morning!
Rachel : Yeah, sure. Umm, they didn?t have poppy seed bagels, so I? (Enters Joanna?s office and sees her handcuffed to her chair wearing nothing but a slip) Oh my word!
Rachel : Oh, yeah! Yeah! (She goes back and forth, not sure what to do first, put the bagel down or grab the key. She finally puts the bagel down and grabs the key and goes over to unlock Joanna.)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh yeah, I know, but the garbage was full.
Rachel : Well, I thought you liked doing it. (Rachel starts out the door and stops.)
Rachel : Right!
Rachel : Oh! Hey, Mr. Treeger. Mr.
Rachel : Ummm. Oh! I?m sorry. (She grabs the box and offers him a piece.) It?s a little old but? Mr.
Rachel : I?m sorry. I didn?t?I don?t come in here a lot. Mr.
Rachel : No. Mr.
Rachel : I didn?t? I never said that. Mr.
Rachel : (starting to cry) Okay, I?m sorry. (Runs out still carrying the pizza box.) [Cut to Monica and Rachel?s apartment as Rachel returns in tears.]
Rachel : Yes! And he said really mean things that were only partly true.
Rachel : That?s easy for you to say, you weren?t almost just killed.
Rachel : Oh Pheebs, is that a new ankle bracelet?
Rachel : Oh! My hero! What happened?
Rachel : What?! You got us evicted!!
Rachel : That?s not true! (Starts to cry.)
Rachel : Go!!
Rachel : Well, why doesn?t he practice with a girl?
Rachel : Yeah, right, he almost danced me right down that?garbage chute. (Starts to cry)
Rachel : Hey! So, did you quit?
Rachel : Oh, umm, I was just y?know working out and umm? Oh, that?s it.
Rachel : Where?!
Rachel : (laughing) What was that?
Rachel : You just did a little dancy thing.
Rachel : You are soo enjoying this.
Rachel : Ooh, this is soo sweet, Joey our little twinkle-toes.
Rachel : What are you ever gonna use that for?!
Rachel : You got fired?!
Rachel : Sweety...
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : May fifth, why?
Rachel : Ross, you guys went out once. You took your kids to Chucky Cheese, and you didn't even kiss her. (Ross glares at Chandler.)
Rachel : Well, have fun!
Rachel : Yeah, she's...
Rachel : You love her.
Rachel : (entering, with a guy) Hi guys! This is Josh. Josh, these are my friends, and that's Ross.
Rachel : Ross, didn't you ah, play soccer in High School? Oh no wait, that's right. You just organized their game schedules on your Commodore 64.
Rachel : Okay. (He starts to leave, and Rachel grabs him and gives him a passionate kiss.) I'll miss you.
Rachel : I know, isn't he great? It's so nice to finally be in a fun relationship, y'know? There's nothing boring about him, and ah, I bet he's never set foot in a museum.
Rachel : Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
Rachel : What was that?
Rachel : Oh. (She tries to walk away from Josh, by he keeps holding her) Stop it!
Rachel : Yeah! (Monica gives a sarcastic thumbs up) (Josh leaves) I am soo gonna marry that guy. (looking in her wallet) Ohhh!
Rachel : I think he's stealing from me.
Rachel : Because he's stealing from me!
Rachel : Ughh! (Storms out after him)
Rachel : Well where's Amanda?
Rachel : I mean y'know, I'm thinking. You could bring her, and you guys could go up to your old room, and not make out.
Rachel : Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
Rachel : (laughing) Ohh, that is soo sad.
Rachel : Hey, so he stole a couple bucks from me! At least he bought me something with it! (Shows her, her ring)
Rachel : Sorry.
Rachel : Y'know... (She does Ross's little gesture. In response Ross puts his hands behind his neck with his arms sticking straight out and starts flapping them together.)
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : No!
Rachel : (confused) Okay.
Rachel : (really confused) Okay.
Rachel : Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what?
Rachel : Well maybe she and her friends are just having a contest to see who can bring home the biggest geek.
Rachel : Oh, The Velveteen Rabbit! Oh my God, when the boy's love makes the rabbit real!
Rachel : Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that?
Rachel : Oh, honey, that's so sweet.
Rachel : Oh my God! What happened?
Rachel : Yes, you have to get her something, and it should be something really nice.
Rachel : And not one of your coupons for an hour of "Joey Love." [cut to a new scene, also in Monica and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is sitting, Phoebe is nearby.]
Rachel : No! I'm sorry, honey, it's just that last week I got all but three answers and I really want to finish a whole one without any help.
Rachel : Hey, how'd it go?
Rachel : You know what we should all do? Go see a musical.
Rachel : And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of that one?
Rachel : No....
Rachel : Yes! Rent!
Rachel : What? Oh, I'm sorry, I can't, I'm busy.
Rachel : What did you get her? (Joey opens up a rectangular black box and holds up a pen.)
Rachel : Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives?
Rachel : Any luck?
Rachel : All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen.
Rachel : Aw, honey, that's so sweet.
Rachel : Oh! Pathetic! (Grabs the crossword puzzle and starts writing.)
Rachel : I did it! Oh! I finished it! I did it all by myself! And there's nobody to hug! [From the background we hear a crash and Gunther comes running out of the back room, pushing people aside, reaching for Rachel.]
Rachel : Hey! Hey, you guys, I finished the crossword all by myself! Hug me! [Gunther gets up slowly from behind the couch and walks away sadly]
Rachel : Thanks!
Rachel : Thank you! Hey, how'd the catering go?
Rachel : Yeah, I mean, you should play in public!
Rachel : Oh, I can?t believe I ever let him touch me with those fingers.
Rachel : Why not?
Rachel : Phoebe, the place has emptied because of him.
Rachel : Yeah, Phoebe you?re? awful!
Rachel : I know, I remember that!
Rachel : Well, Chandler, you?re gonna have to tell him.
Rachel : Because you do.
Rachel : Phoebe, his music could not get any worse. There are rats in the basement that are hanging themselves. (Ross finally finishes with the same crash, and gets some applause.)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : So are things with you and Joey any better?
Rachel : Oh wow, eight hours? So you could probably really use one of those plug-in telephone headsets huh?
Rachel : You shouldn?t.
Rachel : Well, I?m gonna take a nap, turkey makes me sleepy.
Rachel : I know, but all that work you?re doing to get it ready, I just? (goes into her bedroom.)
Rachel : (standing in her doorway) People are trying to sleep in here!
Rachel : Honey, maybe we should take you to a doctor.
Rachel : Ooh, so cute, that I?m thinking about jamming this pen in my eye. (The intercom buzzes.)
Rachel : I know, it?s sick.
Rachel : Because it?s Richard?s son! It?s like inviting Greek tragedy over for dinner!
Rachel : Is he okay in there?
Rachel : So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Rachel : (worried) Why?
Rachel : Okay. (She goes into her bedroom)
Rachel : (coming out of her bedroom with a necklace) Here it is! I love it. I wear it all the time.
Rachel : Huh, well maybe it uh, it changed.
Rachel : Well isn?t it better that I exchanged it for something that I enjoy and that I can get a lot of use out of?
Rachel : Credit. (There?s a knock on the door.)
Rachel : Ooh, I like those sunglasses.
Rachel : (Swears in Italian, it?s the same term used by Joey earlier and Joey nods his approval.)
Rachel : Fancy soap? I thought we were savin? that for the Pope!
Rachel : (pouring the wine) Sick-sick-sick-sick. (There?s a loud knocking.)
Rachel : Ross, can you pass me the yams?
Rachel : Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!
Rachel : Okay, fine. (She gets up and walks into her bedroom) (an awkward silence follows)
Rachel : Don?t say that I have no sentiment! (Starts to show Ross what?s in the box.) This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! (Holds up a bone) This is from the museum from the first time we? were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter!
Rachel : Joey, had reasons.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Oh, he sees her!
Rachel : No?
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Oh, uh, Joanna I was wondering if I could ask you something. There?s an opening for an assistant buyer in Junior Miss?
Rachel : Well, actually, I meant for me. The hiring committee is meeting people all day and?
Rachel : God, I am so glad you don?t have a problem with this, because if you did, I wouldn?t even consider applying.
Rachel : (interrupting) And that?s I?m so glad? there?s no problem.
Rachel : Ohh! That?s great!
Rachel : Really?!
Rachel : Well, I, umm?
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Well, they uh, they-they do more than that. Mrs.
Rachel : Yes, Joanna really has been an incredible mentor to me.
Rachel : I-I-I of course, I have more responsibilities than that.
Rachel : Yes, I realize that?
Rachel : I love working with designers!
Rachel : (entering Joanna?s office) Umm, Joanna? I wanna talk about that interview.
Rachel : No! It didn?t! That?s what I want to talk to you about. (starts to break up) Now, just to brief you? (starts to cry) I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
Rachel : There?s nobody here!
Rachel : Do you want me to quit?
Rachel : Well of those things that you said in the interview, I mean if you believe any of them, I must not be a very good assistant. Y?know what? I am just gonna pack up my desk, (She goes over to get all of her belongings from the desk, which amount to a muffin and a pen) and I will be gone by the end of the day! (Realizes she has nothing.) Well, I guess there?s no use to me sticking around ?til the end of the day! (Starts to leave.)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : My drinking?
Rachel : Said what? Exactly.
Rachel : Oh my God!! Ohh, that is it! I?m leaving! You are just a horrible person!
Rachel : Say more things like that.
Rachel : I?d need an expense account.
Rachel : And an assistant.
Rachel : Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Rachel : Oh my God!! You just ruined the thing I was practicing the whole way home, but I?m soo happy!
Rachel : Ohh, you?ve waited soo long.
Rachel : Hey, Pheebs, quick question for ya.
Rachel : How do you think this suit would look on an assistant buyer at Bloomingdale?s?
Rachel : Yes!!!
Rachel : Ohh, it?s gonna be so great! I?m gonna get to help decide what we sell, I?m gonna have an office with walls and everything. (turns to Monica) I?m gonna have walls!
Rachel : I?m an assistant buyer!!
Rachel : Oh, hi Mrs. Lynch! Is Joanna in already? Mrs.
Rachel : Heard what? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh my God! How?! Mrs.
Rachel : Oh my God! Oh, I cannot believe it! Mrs.
Rachel : Oh, God. Oh, God. (gets worried) Oh God. Mrs.
Rachel : Yes, so close. Mrs. Lynch, I know that this is an emotional and difficult time, for all of us. But by any chance did Joanna send any paperwork your way before? it happened. Mrs.
Rachel : Yes-yes, just a few seconds and she?d still be with us?nothing about an assistant buyer? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh, Sophie, I guess you didn?t hear about Joanna?
Rachel : Hey, y?know, at least you have somebody to miss that stuff with! I hate being alone this time of year! Next thing you know it?ll be Valentine?s Day, then my birthday, then bang!?before you know it, they?re lighting that damn tree again. Ohh, I want somebody! (hearing this, Gunther moves in) Y?know, I want a man!! (Gunther leaves depressed) I mean, it doesn?t even have to be a big relationship, y?know, just like a fling would be great.
Rachel : Well, believe me, it?s been a long time since I?ve been flung.
Rachel : Yeah! Wait a minute, it?s been a long time that I?ve been single. How come you never offered this before?
Rachel : Okay! No accountants. Oh, and no one from like legal. I don?t like guys with boring jobs.
Rachel : Hey, honey! What?s the matter? (Monica shows her, her hat.) Fine, I was just trying to be nice! Whoa!
Rachel : Well, wait a minute, you?re the boss! Why don?t you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
Rachel : Pheebs, that?s great!
Rachel : But y?know umm, Rachel doesn?t rhyme with draddle.
Rachel : Oh yeah!
Rachel : Really?!
Rachel : So, will I like any of these guys?
Rachel : Chandler!
Rachel : Ohh, I like swimmer?s bodies!
Rachel : Op, I like credit cards!
Rachel : Well, so what does he do?
Rachel : Your company has a fine foods division?
Rachel : (entering) Chandler!! You have the best taste in men!
Rachel : Patrick and I had such a great time last night! I mean I think this could maybe turn into something serious.
Rachel : Well, y'know, possibly. (pause) You didn?t tell him that, though? Right?
Rachel : You told this guy that I was looking for a fling?! You don?t tell the guy that!
Rachel : Oh, between you telling him that I wanted to have a fling and me putting out on the first date?oh, he?s so gonna get the wrong idea.
Rachel : Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
Rachel : You idiot!!
Rachel : You don?t tell a guy that you?re looking for a serious relationship! You don?t tell the guy that! Now you scared him away!
Rachel : Y?know, you should never be allowed to talk to people!
Rachel : Oh! See just I?m right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks! (She sits down heavily in one of the new chairs)
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Cute guys in little shorts? Sure.
Rachel : Well that sounds fun too. (They hug.) (pause)
Rachel : What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!
Rachel : But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
Rachel : Well, how can you be a tour guide, don?t you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
Rachel : Great!! That?s great!
Rachel : Honey, this really is an incredible thing to do for them, but there are things to think about.
Rachel : Wow! I don?t know if I could ever do that. I always figured the first time I had a baby was with somebody I love and that baby would be a?keeper.
Rachel : Yeah, honey, maybe you can talk to somebody who?s had a baby. Like your mom?
Rachel : You guys are really right?there aren?t you?
Rachel : Oh, Chandler that is so nice.
Rachel : Why? Just because you?re not mature enough to understand something like that?!
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Yeah, you should, really.
Rachel : Yeah, when we?re in the audience he doesn?t talk to us, but he does wave.
Rachel : Yeah, not girls anyway, guys agree (snaps her fingers) like that.
Rachel : Let me see that. (Monica shows her) Oh, yeah.
Rachel : Well, y?know, sometimes that helps. (She realises what that could?ve meant.)
Rachel : Well if you go to Disneyland, you don?t spend the whole day on the Materhorn.
Rachel : Oo, toes!! Well, for some people. (Chandler eyes her and her toes.)
Rachel : Oo, I can?t watch this, it?s like Sophie?s Choice.
Rachel : Ooh, it was only okay.
Rachel : It depends on who asked.
Rachel : Oh, Mon, sure.
Rachel : Yes. (Pause) You?re not asking are you?
Rachel : Yes! Totally! (Kathy runs in, hair all out of place, and hugs Monica.)
Rachel : What the hell is that?!! (to Monica) What the hell is that? Is that you? (Monica nods her head no, and Rachel realizes what is making that sound.) Ohhhhhhh! (storms over to Chandler and Joey?s with Monica in trail.)
Rachel : (angrily) BACK OFF!!! (She starts banging on their door.) Get up! Get up! Get up! God damn it! Get up, get up, get up, get up, get up!! (Chandler opens the door, finally.)
Rachel : What is that noise?
Rachel : Well, I?ve been up since six. Thanks to somebody?s dumb-ass rooster.
Rachel : Yeah! Especially not with all of these knives and cookbooks around?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : I?m so not impressed. Everybody snacks when they shop.
Rachel : How many guesses do you get?
Rachel : No! There?s no orange juice in there! We win!!
Rachel : Okay, well, we won that one.
Rachel : Yeah, and none of these stupid grocery questions, real personal questions.
Rachel : Fine! We?ll ask Phoebe.
Rachel : I know! I know, it?s such a huge, life-altering thing.
Rachel : Tails!
Rachel : We?ll take Literature!!
Rachel : Chandler gets it! It?s Chandler Bing!
Rachel : (shouting) It?s All Relative!!
Rachel : (shouting) I?m sorry!
Rachel : Monica, I don?t want to lose 200 dollars.
Rachel : Monica?!
Rachel : Okay, so let?s play for some pepper! Stop spending my money!
Rachel : Oooohh that?s interesting.
Rachel : Throw in the duck too!
Rachel : Well, he gets the other one all riled up.
Rachel : Monica, betting the apartment, I don?t know about this.
Rachel : Why? Do you have the answers written on there?
Rachel : All right, let?s do it.
Rachel : Okay. (They go into the living room.)
Rachel : All right!
Rachel : 14?
Rachel : Space cowboy!
Rachel : Oh gosh, it has something to do with numbers.
Rachel : He carries a briefcase.
Rachel : Oh-oh-oh, he?s a transponce?transpondster!
Rachel : Oh my God. Chandler and
Rachel : (entering from Chandler?s bedroom, I guess, and sees the foosball table.) Oh my God! I can?t believe you guys are actually think you?re moving in here!
Rachel : Well I-I-I?m not moving.
Rachel : No, it was a stupid bet! We were just playing a game!
Rachel : Noooo.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : I don?t care, I?m not going anywhere.
Rachel : No! Put that box down! We are not going anywhere! This is my apartment and I like it! This is a girl?s apartment! That is a boy?s apartment, it?s dirty and it smells. This is pretty. It?s-it?s so pretty! And look, and it?s-it?s purple! And I?m telling you, you with the steady hand, I am not moving, and now I have got the steady hand. (She holds out her hand, which is shaking uncontrollably.)
Rachel : That?s right! You do what the hand says! [Cut to later, Phoebe is still in the chair and Rachel is laying down as Monica enters.]
Rachel : How did it go?
Rachel : Y?know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Rachel : That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Rachel : Well it stupid, unfair question!
Rachel : Will you stop calling it your apartment!
Rachel : No it?s not! (They all decay into massive bickering as Phoebe returns from the bathroom.)
Rachel : Oh, I think I saw some in here. (She opens a door and they both scream at horror at what?s inside of it.)
Rachel : I don?t know! But maybe if we keep that drawer shut, it?ll die.
Rachel : Bloomingdale?s eliminated my department. (Phoebe gasps)
Rachel : No, but they stuck me in personal shopping. Which is just a huge step down!
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : (on the phone) Monica, I?m quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn?t even buy it! (Pause) I?m telling you I?m quitting! That?s it! I?m talking to my boss right now! (Pause) Yes I am! (Pause) Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. (Hangs up as her boss, Mr. Waltham, walks in.) Oh! Mr. Waltham, I ah really need to talk to you. Mr.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Hi, I?m Rachel Green. What can I do for you Joshua?
Rachel : Oh, I?m so sorry. (He walks over to look and some clothes and Rachel quickly turns around and adjusts her bra, trying to show off her assets.)
Rachel : Well, at least that?s a great suit.
Rachel : Okay. Mr.
Rachel : No-no, that wasn?t me! (To Joshua) Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. (Joshua turns at that) The selection of underwear we carry. (He walks out and Rachel stares at his butt as he leaves. He makes a wrong turn.)
Rachel : Oh-oh, sorry, it?s this way, it?s this way. (Motions to the correct way.)
Rachel : I have the best job in the entire world! The most adorable guy came over today, and I got to dress him up all day!
Rachel : Oh, I wish he was a doll, then I could get a Rachel doll and bump them together and make kissy noises. Oh! And he has the most beautiful name, I never realised it, Joshua! Josh-u-a! Joshua! Josh.
Rachel : Hi-e!!
Rachel : Well, it was just something Josh said about v-necks, but you had to be there.
Rachel : It?s Joshua.
Rachel : Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
Rachel : Yeah, that?s true.
Rachel : Chandler, what did she say?
Rachel : Beefsteak Charlie?s?
Rachel : Whoops. (Starts to go into Chandler and Joey?s.) Oh, hey, do you need help with that?
Rachel : Ooh, I just feel bad, I never vacuum. (She goes into Chandler and Joey?s.) [Cut to inside the apartment.]
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : So I was with Joshua for an hour today, and he has not asked me out. It?s just so frustrating!
Rachel : Really? It doesn?t seem desperate?
Rachel : Hmm-mmm.
Rachel : Yeah but, I?ve never asked a guy out before.
Rachel : No. Have you?
Rachel : I don?t even know how I would go about it.
Rachel : You know what, I?m gonna do that, I?m gonna call him up, and I?m gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. (Practising) How you doin?? (Calls him) Hi! Joshua? It?s Rachel Green from Bloomingdale?s. (Listens) Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we?(Listens) the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let?s see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I?ll see you tomorrow. Bye. (Hangs up) (to Phoebe) You?ve done that a thousand times?
Rachel : Ohh, God, I just got so nervous that he would say no.
Rachel : Really?! You think that will work?
Rachel : Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? (Tries again.) You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too? (Tries again.) Umm, who likes the Knicks?(Joshua comes in from the dressing room.)
Rachel : Oh! Well, as a single woman, who is available, I think you look great!
Rachel : Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. (She puts her arm in his and checks how they would look as a couple.) Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. (Pause) Umm, so you like it?
Rachel : Great.
Rachel : Sure.
Rachel : Yeah-eah-ha!
Rachel : Oh well, you don?t want to do that now?!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Basketball!
Rachel : I uh, I have two tickets to the Knicks game tonight if you?re interested, just as a thank you for this week.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : I have an extra ticket. An extra ticket. Not, two tickets, I have an extra ticket.
Rachel : He didn?t turn me down! He?s at the game isn?t he? I got the date, I?m just not on it!
Rachel : Wow! Monica!
Rachel : Honey, this is not your fault, just because you guys had a fight, it does not justify her sleeping with someone.
Rachel : Really? Mr.
Rachel : Chandler, there's a guy right over there. (Points to the counter) ?
Rachel : Chandler, don't worry! This doesn't make you any less of a guy! (Chandler starts blowing on his fingernails like women do.) That does! (Chandler stops blowing.) What am I sitting on? (She looks and finds a huge nail.) I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off. ?
Rachel : Hmm. ?
Rachel : Well, here's another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does? ?
Rachel : Okay, good. Now that since you know, when you come over would you mind actually using it? ?
Rachel : Guess who we ran into today?! ?
Rachel : You are not. You have never been able to break up with her. ?
Rachel : (entering, with Joey) Hey! ?
Rachel : Y'know, you-you also could've used uh, lamps and then followed the light. ?
Rachel : It's coming from Joey! ?
Rachel : Please, Ross, you-you got hurt playing badminton with my dad. ?
Rachel : (starts laughing, Ross stares at her) I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're right, you are a tough guy. You're the toughest palaeontologist I know. ?
Rachel : Oh, well maybe there was a dog lookin' at him. ? (Ross turns and wants to attack Rachel, but Joey stops him.) ? Le parc. Joey et Phoebe sont venus supporter Ross.
Rachel : You...are...not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened? ?
Rachel : No. But I was showing him some cufflinks and I felt his pulse. ?
Rachel : (refers to the table) What are these? ?
Rachel : Okay, okay, okay should I be scared? ?
Rachel : Wow! If only more people knew. ? L'aeroport. Le guichet express en destination du Yemen. Chandler essaie toujours de se debarrasser de Janice. ?
Rachel : Hey! ?
Rachel : (noticing a bunch of pictures around the door that weren't there originally.) What-what are-what are these? ?
Rachel : Oh my God! Look at this! ?
Rachel : I don't care! The wires have come loose in your head! ?
Rachel : And did you?! ?
Rachel : Oh my God. ? Mrs.
Rachel : Hello, Mrs. Chatracus. ? Le Central Perk. Revenant du match de rugby. Joey et Emily tiennent Ross.
Rachel : Thank God. ?
Rachel : Hey, Mon, if you were hoping to sleep with Joshua the first time tonight, which one of these would you want to be wearing. (She?s holding two frilly, lace nighties.)
Rachel : Sorry. I?m so exited! I?ve been waiting for this for months! I got my hair coloured! I got new sheets! I?m making him a very fancy meal.
Rachel : What am I making him by the way?
Rachel : I thought I was making him filet mignon?
Rachel : Wow, I really get crabby when I cook.
Rachel : Ohh, please! Cooking soothes me. (They kiss.) Ahh. So, dig in!
Rachel : (taking a bite) Hmmm!
Rachel : Oh I know, my God, this is so-this rice is so-I am so good.
Rachel : (sees the chick and the duck) Oh, yeah, I?m sorry. They used to live here; sometimes they migrate back over.
Rachel : Yeah, sure, okay. Okay. (Rachel gets up and ushers them into the hall, as they pass Joshua, he leaps onto the counter to avoid them. Rachel drops them off in the hall, and knocks on Joey?s door.)
Rachel : All gone! So, farm birds, huh?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Okay. So, can I serve you a little of-What? What? What? (She sees that Joshua isn?t relaxed.)
Rachel : But, they?re across the hall! I mean that?s two doors away, it would take them a long time to peck their way back over here.
Rachel : Okay, y?know, would you feel better if we went someplace else? I mean we could pack all this stuff up and y?know go to your apartment.
Rachel : Your parents??
Rachel : Ohh.
Rachel : Yeah that works. (He moves to kiss her, but stops when he hears the duck.)
Rachel : Wow! This place is fabulous!
Rachel : Whoa-whoa, there?s two living rooms? God, growing up here, this place must?ve been a real babe magnet.
Rachel : Ohh, you should know, this place is a real babe magnet. Wanna make out? (They kiss.)
Rachel : That sounds like a plan. Umm, is there a place I can go freshen up?
Rachel : Ah. (She goes down the hall. Joshua goes to put the food away when his parents walk in.) Mrs.
Rachel : Hi you!
Rachel : I know, I can do more than cook. (Just then, his parents enter. Rachel gasps.) Mr.
Rachel : Ohh! It?s so nice to meet you. (She goes over and shakes their hands.) Hello. Mr.
Rachel : Hello. Mrs.
Rachel : What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not-that?s-that?s not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It?s-it?s, they?re-they?re wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale?s, so... And obviously in uh, in-in this case, (She grabs a pen and paper) I am going to report back, "USA not ready." Mrs.
Rachel : Yes!
Rachel : Well, we were going to do that after-I mean umm, next. Mr.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, well... Yeah, no use wasting this baby, just lyin? around the house. Mr.
Rachel : Yes. Mr.
Rachel : Oh, yeah. And uh, the best part though, when the uh, waiter spilled water down my back, I jumped up, and my boob popped out.
Rachel : No, it?s all right. I got nice boobs. (Phoebe and Monica nod there heads in agreement.)
Rachel : So?
Rachel : Huh.
Rachel : She?s totally right! When we were together, you got all freaked out about Mark and there was nothing going on.
Rachel : Absolutely! Absolutely!
Rachel : What-yeah-what, y?know what? I hope Emily is a lesbian.
Rachel : HEY!! Do you have to do that? It?s Saturday! The Singing
Rachel : I hate this apartment! I hate the color of these walls! I hate the fact that this place still smells like bird! I hate that singing guy!
Rachel : Stop it! I will kill you. I hate the fact that my room is so small.
Rachel : Monica, you don?t even have a bed, you sleep in a ball on the floor!
Rachel : I?m sorry. I?m so sorry.
Rachel : (entering) Hey!
Rachel : So-Hey, Pheebs! So, how are the elves?
Rachel : Yeah, my mom got my dad?s season tickets in the divorce, so she just gave them to me.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Do you guys want these?
Rachel : Ohh, well you got 'em.
Rachel : Just give us our apartment back!
Rachel : Oh, come on! We know what these are worth.
Rachel : You?re bachelor pad?!
Rachel : Or I?ll give them to my new boyfriend, Joshua.
Rachel : All right, okay, look, what if you could keep the apartment and get the tickets?
Rachel : Let me finish.
Rachel : I?m talking about a bet, winner takes all.
Rachel : Oh, okay, well, I think we should let Phoebe decide, because she?s the only who?s impartial, and she?s so pretty.
Rachel : What? Shut up! We?re winning!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : All right, cut, let?s pick again, pick again.
Rachel : Come on apartment! Come on apartment! (Picks a card.) Oh! I know queen is high!
Rachel : We took our apartment back!! (Slams the door shut.)
Rachel : All right. We figured you might respond this way, so we have a backup offer.
Rachel : Let us keep the apartment and...
Rachel : Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Yeah, I-I heard. (Pause, everyone looks at each other, waiting for Rachel?s reaction.) I think it?s great! (Hugs Ross.) Ohh, I?m so happy for you! (Seeing Rachel?s apparently okay with this, the rest of the gang jumps up to congratulate Ross and Emily on their pending nuptials.)
Rachel : Hey, Mon, I was just doing the dishes!
Rachel : Oh! It?s you. (She stops doing the dishes.) Hi.
Rachel : Yeah, yeah, I was just about to take a break anyways, so...
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Yeah. Yeah. Definitely, well it definitely took me by surprise, but I?m okay.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh, that?s sweet. (He goes over to hug her.)
Rachel : (breaking the hug) Uhh, hang in there?
Rachel : I mean maybe you didn?t hear about a serious relationship called me and Joshua?
Rachel : Oh, no-no-no, no-no-no, it has become, it has-yeah. Oh no, those were four great dates.
Rachel : Yeah. Oh, yeah. And I mean, the connection, I mean y?know, emotionally, mentally, physically...
Rachel : I know isn?t it? It?s like I?m right there with Joshua.
Rachel : You are right there with Emily. And it?s y?know, it?s kinda like.... it?s a tie! Well, I gotta get, I gotta get back to the dishes.
Rachel : Oh yeah? Fine.
Rachel : Oh yeah, no, what?s that?
Rachel : That would be great!
Rachel : (to the closed door) Hang in there. You hang in there. (Gives him the raspberry.)
Rachel : No, just singing. (Does a little song.)
Rachel : (entering) Hi!
Rachel : Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There?s nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn?t for me and Joshua. Y?know, they?re not gonna get married anyway!
Rachel : Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it?s ridiculous! I mean, they?re gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they?ve done and they?re call the whole thing off. I?m telling ya, you?re gonna be dancing at my wedding before you?re dancing at there?s.
Rachel : Why not?
Rachel : Nothing.
Rachel : In a month?
Rachel : You mean, you mean 30 days?
Rachel : From now?
Rachel : Well, that?s great.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Ohh, nothing, I just wanted to see you. See you and hug you. (Hugs him) See you.
Rachel : Yeah! (She sits down) Sit!
Rachel : I?m more than okay, I am really, really happy! Wanna know why?
Rachel : 'Cause I am really happy about us. I think we are, I think we are so on the right track! Y?know? I mean, I think we are working, I think we are clicking. Y?know?
Rachel : Yeah-yeah, y?know if-if there was just like one little area where I-that I think we need-we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we?re just not crazy enough!
Rachel : Well, yeah, right, y?know what? Yeah, you?re right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if (Grunts uncomprehensively)......I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y?know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y?know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
Rachel : Oh, I know, I know, it?s-it?s so, it?s so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y?know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don?t you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don?t you think?
Rachel : (entering from her bedroom) Well, I just called Joshua...
Rachel : Well, I did my best to convince him that I?m not some crazy girl who is dying to get married-I?m just going through a hard time.
Rachel : Well uh, his answering machine was very understanding. Ugh. I feel blue.
Rachel : Yeah, maybe, but I don?t think I even care. I don?t think he?s the one I?m sad about. Y?know, I know that I said that I am totally okay with Ross getting married, but as it turns out, I don?t think I?m handling it all that well.
Rachel : And I-I am just trying to figure out why.
Rachel : Well, yeah, y?know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
Rachel : Yeah, well, you uh, better make it for three.
Rachel : Three people. Joshua?s not gonna be there.
Rachel : Uh, well, I think, I think he broke up with me.
Rachel : Well, apparently he scares easy.
Rachel : It?s okay. Sometimes, things don?t work out the way you?d thought they would.
Rachel : (breaking the hug) Oh, hey, don?t you have to go pick up Emily?
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Yeah! I got my girls. (He leaves.)
Rachel : Ugh. (She goes over and lays her head on Phoebe?s lap.)
Rachel : What? [Time lapse, all three girls are now wearing wedding dresses, eating popcorn, drinking beer, and watching TV.]
Rachel : Y?know, I gotta tell ya, this really does put in a better mood.
Rachel : Oh, okay! (She goes to answer the door.)
Rachel : I?m not gonna marry Chandler!
Rachel : Okay, you guys, just relax. (She goes over to open the door, and as she does, she says.) I doooo. (Sees that it?s Joshua, not Chandler that knocked on the door.)
Rachel : Oh, wait, Joshua! Joshua! (Pause) (Comes back inside) Yeah, well, that oughta do it. CLOSING
Rachel : Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are! [cut to later]
Rachel : Hi, sure!
Rachel : I knew.
Rachel : I did.
Rachel : Yeah, maybe...
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Oh Ross, you're so great. [she playfully rubs his head and gets up] [Ross gets up, pleased with himself and starts to walk past Joey.]
Rachel : OK.
Rachel : Ohhh!!!! [looking at something behind Ross]
Rachel : Oh, look at the little cat! [a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross] Look at it!
Rachel : All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it! [She thinks it over, and then walks away.]
Rachel : [to Ross] Yes! Did you see that?
Rachel : I could not have done this without you. [Rachel stands up and kisses Ross. He is stunned. A moment of silence follows.]
Rachel : [hurt] What?
Rachel : Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie? [cut to later]
Rachel : Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Rachel : 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Rachel : Good. [Ross leaves] [cut to later] [Rachel slams the door and locks it. She sits down, visibly upset. She puts her head in her hands and begins to cry. Ross comes back and is standing outside the window. When Rachel regroups and gets back up to finish closing, she sees him.] [cut to later] [She opens the door and they kiss.] [The next clip is the second famous fight in The One Where Ross and Rachel Take A Break.]
Rachel : Ross do you realise this is the first time in my life I?m doing something I actually care about. This is the first time in my life I?m doing something that I?m actually good at. I mean. if you don?t get that...
Rachel : Well neither do I!
Rachel : (shocked) Oh my God.
Rachel : Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight over and over again, Ross, no, you?re, you?re, you?re making this too hard.
Rachel : I don?t know, I don?t know. Urrrgh! Look, maybe we should take a break.
Rachel : No. (Ross is standing in the doorway.) A break from us. (Ross looks at her, then leaves slamming the door behind him.) [The next clip is from The One The Morning After]
Rachel : Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
Rachel : So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
Rachel : (opening the door) Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
Rachel : Just get out! Now!!
Rachel : Okay! All right! How was she? [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : Was she good? [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let?s talk about it!! How was she?
Rachel : Good different?
Rachel : ? ...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you?ve grown. Y'know?? I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, "Once a cheater, always a cheater."? Ooh, I just wish we hadn?t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Rachel : You seem to really like her.
Rachel : Ross, that girl just spent the entire evening talking to your friends, asking to hear stories about you, looking through Monica?s photo albums, I mean you don?t do that if you?re just in it for two weeks.
Rachel : Yeah, you got like 14 hours until she has to be at the airport, and you?re sitting here in the hallway with a 28-year-old cheerleader with a fat lip.
Rachel : Yeah. [Cut back to the present, Ross is still looking at Rachel's invitation.? Finally, he makes up his mind and mails it.] COMMERCIAL BREAK
Rachel : (entering) Hey guys! What?s up?
Rachel : What?s this? Is this Ross?s wedding invitation?
Rachel : Oh, no! No you guys! Come on, you don?t have to do that! I?m happy for him! I am! I really-I?m-I?m happ-I?ll work on it.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh, honey, I don?t know. I...
Rachel : No, I?ll think about it. Yeah. [And with that, we go into another set of clips, this time from Rachel?s point of view.] [The first clip is from The One Where Rachel Finds Out.]
Rachel : Who's this from?
Rachel : Oh... [opens it]... [sees it is a pin] Oh my God. He remembered.
Rachel : It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him that it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Rachel : What did you just say?
Rachel : Oh.... my God. [The next clip is from The One With Ross's New Girlfriend.]
Rachel : ? (seeing Ross come off the plane with another woman.) Oh my God. [cut to later]
Rachel : Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic? [cut to later]
Rachel : ? She didn't hang up either...
Rachel : [on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat...(cut)...I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. [hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket] [cut to later] [Scene, Monica and Rachel's, the next morning, Ross is checking his messages.]
Rachel : Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . [jumps the couch and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a confused expression on his face.]
Rachel : Ohhhhhhhh God. [climbs off his back]
Rachel : Ohh, ohh.
Rachel : Well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you. [cut to later in the same scene]
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Oh, god. [Ross and Rachel hug.] Chandler and
Rachel : Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. [They kiss and start undressing. As Rachel tries to pull off Ross's tie she catches it in his mouth. Then they roll across the fur rug.]
Rachel : Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
Rachel : Yeah, because I was mad at you, not because I stopped loving you!
Rachel : Noo. [cut to later]
Rachel : Noo! Maybe! I, I don?t know.
Rachel : I just, I feel, I-I just... (Ross leans in and kisses her. They both look at each other for a moment, and then embrace in a more passionate kiss.) [The next clip is from The One With The Jellyfish.]
Rachel : Y'know I can?t believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Rachel : And hey! Just so you know, it?s not that common! It doesn?t happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Rachel : Oh my God.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too
Rachel : Yeah. It?s just gonna be too hard. Y?know? I mean, it?s Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y?know it?s just, it?s for the best, y?know it is, it?s... Y?know, plus, somebody?s got to stay here with Phoebe! Y?know she?s gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
Rachel : I know. (Starts to cry) Yeah, see, there?s so much to do and I have so little time to do it in. CLOSING
Rachel : So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?
Rachel : Whoa! Hey-hey, you planning on inviting us?
Rachel : Hormones!
Rachel : Nooo!
Rachel : All right fine! You're not invited to the party we're gonna have either.
Rachel : Well umm...
Rachel : Little village people.
Rachel : Oh, that is so sweet!
Rachel : Huh. Except, Phoebe's not gonna be the one that gets to dress them.
Rachel : Oh my God! We are throwing the most depressing baby shower ever!
Rachel : Oh, and somebody can get those leather pants she's always wanted!
Rachel : Hi! Phoebe. (Both Monica and her try to move out of Phoebe's way.)
Rachel : No we...
Rachel : ...hormones, yeah.
Rachel : Oh, well, actually we were just talking about me not going to Ross's wedding.
Rachel : It just might be too hard, given the history and all that...
Rachel : Well, h-how is this like that?
Rachel : (starting to cry) I'm-I'm sorry, I just thought that...
Rachel : Good.
Rachel : What?! She made the tea! (Points to Monica.)
Rachel : You what?
Rachel : Okay. It's okay. We're gonna be okay. Y'know what? It's okay. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna boil some water and just rip up some sheets!
Rachel : Okay! (Runs and grabs a book and hands it to Monica.) Okay! Here!
Rachel : I don't know!
Rachel : I still don't get how you know when it's false labour.
Rachel : Well, isn't that a good thing? You said you were sick of this.
Rachel : No, really. Really, Pheebs, you're not gonna be the one worrying about saving for college, or yelling at them when they're bad, y'know, or deciding to put them on Ritalin when they just won't calm down. Y'know?
Rachel : And you just get to be cool Aunt Phoebe!
Rachel : And y'know what else, oh my God, are they gonna love you.
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Who are you saying "check" too?
Rachel : Have fun!
Rachel : Oh, I know.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Yeah, well, I gotta work, I'm sorry.
Rachel : Because, I can't! Ross, I told you, no. I can't.
Rachel : Oh, honey! Don't get up! What do you need?
Rachel : Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.
Rachel : Okay, that is all you.
Rachel : Oh, I don't know. I guess we have to eat.
Rachel : I'm just bummed about the way I left things with Ross. I shouldn't have lied to him about having to work. He seemed so mad at me.
Rachel : (interrupting) Still in love with?!
Rachel : I'm not in love with Ross!
Rachel : Phoebe, I'm going to Ross's wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I'm still in love with him! I mean, hey, y'know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y'know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don't mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn't mean that-that I'm still in love with him. Y'know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him-Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my-why didn't you tell me?!!
Rachel : We?!
Rachel : You all know? Does Ross know?
Rachel : Oh, I can not believe you didn't tell me!
Rachel : (depressed) Hi.
Rachel : Manhattan does not have enough stores.
Rachel : You can?
Rachel : Um-hmm.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Rachel : I can do that. I certainly did it when we were going out.
Rachel : I don't know, his uh, his hair never really bothered me that much, and y'know it was always more crunchy than it was greasy.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : All right.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Ow!
Rachel : Well, I like you less!
Rachel : Pheebs?
Rachel : Do you remember where the duck food is?
Rachel : (enters with a bag packed) Because I'm going to London.
Rachel : Yeah, I have to tell Ross that I love him. Now honey, you take care, you don't have those babies until I get back. (Kisses her stomach.)
Rachel : Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Rachel : Ohh-Do you think he will?!
Rachel : Y'know what? No. It's not over until someone says, "I do." (Exits)
Rachel : (Running to the ticket counter) Ooh, ooh, ooh,ooh,ooh. (Slightly out of breath) Hi. Ticket
Rachel : (Faking cheerfulness.) Hello. Umm, when is your next flight to London? Ticket
Rachel : Ohh, good. Ticket
Rachel : Ohh, thank you, thank you, thank you. Ticket
Rachel : (looking through her wallet.) Ohh, I just don't think I have enough left on my credit card. Ticket
Rachel : Ohh, okay, how about five. (She hands her all the credit cards.) Ohh, thank you. Ticket
Rachel : (Looking through her purse.) Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty. (She slides it across the counter.) Ticket
Rachel : (Running to her room.) Hi, Pheebs.
Rachel : (Running back out the door with her passport.) Bye, Pheebs.
Rachel : Hi, I'm back. Listen, I need to... Ticket
Rachel : Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight. Ticket
Rachel : Okay, you know what/ You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up. Ticket
Rachel : Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine". Ticket
Rachel : Look, If I don't get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!! Ticket
Rachel : All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!! (She pounds her hand on the counter twice. The ticket agent counters by placing the closed sign on the counter and tapping it twice.)
Rachel : Ohhh.(she rhythmically taps her hands on the magazine on her lap.)
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. (She hums and sighs happily.) It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and... (He puts his headphones on to ignore her.)
Rachel : ...And so then I realized. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
Rachel : Ehh, pardon me?
Rachel : But he has to know how I feel!
Rachel : (Sighing) Well I-I think your wrong.
Rachel : Well I just came...(She touches him near his heart. She's almost in tears.) I just needed to tell you...(Looking into his eyes. She takes a deep breath.) Congratulations. (He hugs her. She can barely hold back the tears.)
Rachel : (To the woman sitting in front of her) He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
Rachel : Mon, honey, I gotta ask you something.
Rachel : Ross said my name up there, I mean, come on, I just can't pretend that didn't happen can I?
Rachel : Monica, what should I do?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Whoa, wait, listen, I think I'm just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
Rachel : Okay, you're right. You're right. You can't help me. (Cut to Mr. and Mrs. Geller.) Mrs.
Rachel : Oh, hi!
Rachel : Hi. Sorry, things aren't working out so well.
Rachel : Oh yeah! Of course, I mean, she's gonna get over this, y'know? I mean, so you said my name! Y'know you just said it 'cause you saw me there, if you'd have seen a circus freak, you would've said, "I take thee circus freak." Y'know, it didn't mean anything, it's just a mistake. It didn't mean anything. Right?
Rachel : Right...
Rachel : (laughs) Y'know when I locked myself in the bathroom at my wedding, it was because I was trying to pop the window out of the frame.
Rachel : Get the hell out of there, y'know? (They all start laughing, and quickly stop when they realize what she just said and run over to the bathroom.)
Rachel : Well, look at that, same thing.
Rachel : Ross said my name. Okay? My name. Ross said my name up there that obviously means that he still loves me! (They both just stare at her.) Okay, don't believe me, I know I'm right-do you guys want to go downstairs and get a drink?
Rachel : Okay. (The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)
Rachel : Hello? Oh, Pheebs! (To them) It's Phoebe!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Well, Ross said my name.
Rachel : Okay, Pheebs, y'know what, let's look at this objectively all right? Ninth grade, right? The obsession starts. All right? The summer after ninth grade he sees me in a two-piece for the first time, his obsession begins to grow. So then...
Rachel : (entering, carrying an armful of those little soaps.) Hey-hey, you guys oh hurry up, get some, there's a whole cart outside... (Sees the Walthams and stops.) Mr.
Rachel : (she stops and turns) Hi!
Rachel : Well, I-I-I've been on Standby for a flight home for hours.
Rachel : Ohh, so no sign of Emily huh?
Rachel : So umm, what time are you supposed to leave? Gate
Rachel : Yeah. I'm sorry.
Rachel : No, you're not an idiot, Ross. You're a guy very much in love.
Rachel : No, you know what, I think you should go.
Rachel : Yeah, I do. I think you should go, by yourself, get some distance, clear your head, I think it'd be really good.
Rachel : Oh, come on Ross! I think it would be really good for you!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Good!
Rachel : Right!
Rachel : Right!
Rachel : Okay, I'll see you back at home, if I ever get a flight out of here.
Rachel : What? Wait, what?
Rachel : Well-well, I don't know Ross-really?
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : Oh wow, uh okay, uh maybe. Umm, yes, I can do that!
Rachel : Okay!
Rachel : All right!
Rachel : Oh, okay, we're going. Yeah.
Rachel : Oh, wait-wait-wait...
Rachel : Okay. Wait! Wait! (Ross retrieves his jacket and sees that not only has Emily arrived, but she as seen Rachel take her place on the plane.)
Rachel : (entering) Hi!
Rachel : Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do.
Rachel : Terrible? Hell, I was in Greece! That was a nice hotel! Nice beach, met the nice people. Not to shabby for Rachel. (Goes and puts her luggage away.)
Rachel : Well, yeah! We're cool. Totally cool.
Rachel : Oh no, you're the best.
Rachel : What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Rachel : Yes it is! It is true! I went, I went after Ross in stupid London.
Rachel : Phoebe, you were right. I should've never gone to London, and from now on you make all of my decisions for me.
Rachel : That's fine. So Monica, you are now in control of my love life.
Rachel : Ohh, he's married! Ross is married. I can't-I still can't believe it. (Rachel grabs the picture from Monica)
Rachel : I mean, y'know I'm just gonna have to accept it (She grabs the rest of the pictures)...
Rachel : ...I mean it's my fault.
Rachel : Oh my God! (She licks the top picture and hands them back.)
Rachel : Yeah, I guess Gunther is kinda...
Rachel : Oh, I don't know. I don't know.
Rachel : All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Well, y'know, a little of this, a little of that. Got myself a date tomorrow night.
Rachel : Well... (Gunther goes up to the guy and holds a sign that reads, "We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.")
Rachel : That's not European!
Rachel : Oh God, I really had a good time!
Rachel : Yeah. Umm, unless you wanna come inside?
Rachel : Okay. Oh, uh, wait a minute, y'know what? I uh, I can't decide this. Umm, okay, just hold on a second.
Rachel : Umm, hi!
Rachel : Is Monica around? I-I have to ask her something.
Rachel : What's that? (Points to the box.)
Rachel : Oh, honey that's awful.
Rachel : But, it's not raining.
Rachel : Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? (She goes out to talk to Dave) Hey, Dave!
Rachel : Umm, listen, I'm gonna need to take a rain check, my roommate is just really sick. Okay? Bye! (She goes back in to talk to Ross.) Honey, listen, I know, I know things seem so bad right now.
Rachel : Yeah. (She goes out to join her in the hall and starts looking for the dropped socks.)
Rachel : Ohh! You did not drop any socks!
Rachel : Well, ultimately, I was trying y'know, I-I wanted...tell him y'know, that I'm still in love with him.
Rachel : Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
Rachel : Well, y'know what, no, you do not make my decisions because y'know what, you're fired.
Rachel : Well... (At a loss for words, she grabs some of Monica's laundry and throws it on the floor as a diversion to allow Rachel to run back inside and close the door. Monica chases her to find that Rachel had locked the door.)
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Well, then talk!
Rachel : Yes!
Rachel : I'm gonna do it.
Rachel : But I...
Rachel : All right, fine. (There's a loud bang on the door.)
Rachel : (stopping him) Hey-whoa-whoa-whoa!! Ho-ho-hold on a sec there, Mr. Kissey! Y'know, I've been meaning to talk to you about this whole, little, new European thing you got going on, and I just need to tell you that it makes me very uncomfortable and I just-y'know-stop it!
Rachel : Phoebe, woo!
Rachel : Yeah, y'know what? I'm-I'm gonna meet you upstairs in a minute.
Rachel : Well, y'know what, that doesn't matter.
Rachel : Yeah, I-I don't care.
Rachel : What 'cha readin'?
Rachel : Yeah, what's it about?
Rachel : Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Rachel : Okay, Ross, I'm really trying to tell you something here.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Umm, okay, I think I'm-I'm just gonna-just gonna say it. Just gonna say it. Uhh, (pause) I'm still in love with you Ross. (Ross is stunned.)
Rachel : (Laughing) I'm so dead serious. I'm totally serious.
Rachel : Because (laughs), because, I just heard it. I heard it, and it's ridiculous! I mean, you're married. You're-you're married and it's just ridiculous, and it's like, it's like when said it, I sort of like, I floated up out of my body, y'know? And, and-and then I heard myself say it and then the floating Rachel (laughs) was like, "You are such an idiot!"
Rachel : (laughs) I'm sorry, that's not funny.
Rachel : Oh God, ohh, okay, y'know what, do you think ah, do you think that you just forget that I told you this?
Rachel : The thing is y'know, that you're married to Emily.
Rachel : Ross, things aren't gonna be weird between us, right? I mean was that just the stupidest thing, me telling you that?
Rachel : That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice. (They hug.)
Rachel : High-five, the babies are coming! (They all high-five.)
Rachel : I am so gonna miss watching you freak people out like that!
Rachel : You-you're not wearing a jacket.
Rachel : Hi, Pheebs? Okay, so just spoke to the nurse and the reason that your doctor is late is because uh, she's not coming.
Rachel : Honey, listen, y'know what? The nurse said the doctor is wonderful.
Rachel : (entering) Monica? You gonna be very proud of me. I just got us dates with two unbelievably cute nurses.
Rachel : They're male nurses.
Rachel : Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?
Rachel : What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Okay, you're coming with me, and I also told them that if we're still here when they get off that we'll go down to the cafeteria and have some Jell-O with them.
Rachel : Joey, how do you make that dirty?
Rachel : Honey, y'know I just gotta tell you, I think this is such a terrific thing you're having these babies for Frank and Alice.
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Ohh, I'm gonna be on the news! Commercial Break
Rachel : Okay, Phoebe, honey, you gotta be kidding. I mean, you know you cannot keep one of these babies!
Rachel : Yes! Yes! Yes, I do! I do know! Frank and Alice are gonna want to keep all of their children!
Rachel : Phoebe, no! This is, this is insane.
Rachel : Me?!
Rachel : No! Forget it! I am not gonna ask Frank to give you one of his kids!!
Rachel : No, I haven't had a chance to be alone with him yet.
Rachel : Y'know who I always liked? Mork. (Dr. Harad drops what he's doing and stares at her.)
Rachel : Yeah, but umm... Yes, but, Fonzie was already cool, so he wasn't hurt, right? Dr.
Rachel : Hi! Male
Rachel : Monica, this is Dan (points to him), one of the guys that we're gonna be going out with on Saturday. (Mouths "He's yours." to her.) Uh Dan, Monica.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh, honey, don't worry. She's gonna make it on time.
Rachel : Yeah. So Frank, three babies. Whew, that just seems like a lot, huh?
Rachel : Yeah, fair enough.
Rachel : Oh, how does he look? How does he look?
Rachel : (entering) Hi. (To Phoebe) Hey, hi! So uh, Frank and Alice wanted me to tell you that they're still outside making phone calls.
Rachel : Yeah, umm, no honey.
Rachel : So does it really hurt as bad as they say?
Rachel : Hi! I just wanna-(sees Monica)-Ahhh!!! Oh my God! (She runs out in horror.) Oh my God!
Rachel : Since when do take naps in that position. Oh God Monica, tell me you were waiting for a guy! Please tell me you were waiting for a guy!
Rachel : (Gasps) That cute waiter guy from your restaurant, the one that looks like a non-threatening Ray Liotta?
Rachel : Y'know what, just give me a second and I'll be out of your hair. I'm just gonna grab a jacket. When I get back, I want every little detail. (There's a knock on the door.) Maybe that's him. (Goes to answer the door.)
Rachel : Why aren't you guys at the movie?
Rachel : So Chandler, have you heard about Monica's secret boyfriend?
Rachel : So Mon, when are we gonna meet this new secret waiter man?
Rachel : I don't care! I wanna meet this guy who's the best sex she ever had! (Chandler is quite pleased with that statement.)
Rachel : What-what-what are you gonna do?
Rachel : Maybe Joey's right. Maybe all good deeds are selfish.
Rachel : Chandler! (Pause) Is he?
Rachel : (entering) Hi! Are you ready? We're gonna be late!
Rachel : For Stella! Remember? She's gettin' her grove back in like 20 minutes.
Rachel : Sure. I guess. Hey, I hear you don't have to go to London. Yay!
Rachel : Like what?
Rachel : Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
Rachel : Well, I-I know you can do that too. I'm just, I'm just saying if you need somebody to talk to... Hi!
Rachel : Ross? Look, whatever this relationship stuff that Emily wants, just give it to her. Come on, the bottom line here is that you love her. So just fix whatever she wants fixed. Just do it. (The phone starts ringing.) I mean, you're gonna have to try. You'll just gonna hate yourself if you don't. (The phone keeps ringing.) Oh come on answer it! It's driving me crazy!
Rachel : (entering) Hi, guys!
Rachel : What's going on?
Rachel : Oh okay, hey guys, would you flip mine too?
Rachel : (going through the mail) Oh look! A letter from my mom.
Rachel : Oh yeah! I know. [Cut to Monica's bedroom, Chandler is trying to listen through the door.]
Rachel : (interrupting) Oh my God! My dog died!
Rachel : Oh my God, Le Poo, our dog!
Rachel : Oh God, it says he was hit by an ice cream truck and dragged for nine-(turns over the note)-teen blocks. Oh. (They all come out from Monica's bedroom) Oh my God.
Rachel : It's Le Poo.
Rachel : Oh yeah! (Turns to face him.)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh God. (He hands her some tissues.) No! Oh not again! (Wiping her nose.) This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. (She puts her head back.) Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
Rachel : Sorry. Sorry.
Rachel : Yeah, I know. It's ridiculous! I can't see you either.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Okay, what's up?
Rachel : Yeah, I told you to give Emily whatever she wants.
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? (Pause) (Realizes) Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
Rachel : Ohh! Lucky me! Oh my God! That is good news, Ross! I think that's the best news I've heard since Le Poo died!
Rachel : Oh yeah, really? Is it Ross? Yeah? Okay, well let me make this a just a little bit easier for you.
Rachel : Storming out!
Rachel : Yeah, well that's how mad I am!! Commercial Break
Rachel : (entering) Hi!
Rachel : Look, I know you guys heard about the whole thing with me and Ross but y'know, I've been obsessing about it all day and I'd just love not to talk about it. All right?
Rachel : That's not Ross!
Rachel : Oh my God, its happening. It's already started. I'm Kip.
Rachel : (To Joey) Do you even know who Kip is?
Rachel : See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Rachel : Well, of course I am! It's not gonna happen to Ross! He's your brother. (To Chandler) He's your old college roommate. Ugh, it was just a matter of time before someone had to leave the group. I just always assumed Phoebe would be the one to go.
Rachel : Honey, come on! You live far away! You're not related. You lift right out.
Rachel : Phoebe? (She turns her head further away.) I'm sorry about the whole lifting out thing. (Moves over next to her.) You gotta come with me!
Rachel : Wherever I go. Come on you and me, we'll-we'll start a new group, we're the best ones.
Rachel : Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?
Rachel : Oh, Ross...
Rachel : No, it's not better. I still don't get to see you.
Rachel : Well, for starters I would've said the right name at my wedding!
Rachel : I know.
Rachel : I know that too.
Rachel : Yeah, it's in there. (Points to the bathroom.) (Joey puts two and two together.)
Rachel : Uh-huh!
Rachel : Ohh, whoa God! Storage rooms give me the creeps! Monica, come on please hurry up honey! Please?
Rachel : I want the little round waffles.
Rachel : Okay, y'know what? I'll-I'll have toast! (She starts to run out but is stopped by a figure looming out of the darkness carrying a pick axe.)
Rachel : Arghhhh!!!!!! (They both start screaming at the top of their lungs.)
Rachel : You guys! You guys!
Rachel : It was like this crazy-eyed, hairy beast man! He was like a, like a bigfoot or a yeti or something!
Rachel : (proud of herself) Yeah, I-I-I just pulled the tab and I just fogged his yeti ass!
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Please! We did not fog Danny! Who's Danny?
Rachel : Hi! You might not remember us, but we are the girls that fogged you.
Rachel : Hi! Just so you know, we-we didn't mean to fog you, we thought you were like a yeti or something.
Rachel : Hi! Sorry to bother you, but I don't think we can accept your acceptance of our apology, it just doesn't really seem like you mean it.
Rachel : Really! What is with that guy? I mean you'd forgive me if I fogged you.
Rachel : Oh my God, honey, I'm so sorry!
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Oh my God! Oh my God, look at these pelts!
Rachel : What? Uhh, Phoebe, honey, honey, I know you're quirky and I get a big kick out of it, we all do actually, but if you destroy a coat like this that is like a crime against nature! Not nature, fashion!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : What? Yeti-I mean Danny?
Rachel : Oh. Listen, I'm so sorry. I would, I would've never fogged you if y'know if you hadn't looked so.... Y'know.
Rachel : (shocked) What?
Rachel : What? Hey! No-no-no! This not cool! You don't even know me!
Rachel : So from that you think you've got me all figured out? Well, you don't! Y'know I-I could have toys for underprivileged kids in here!
Rachel : Well, y'know, if-if kids like to play with Capri pants.
Rachel : And stop saying that! I hate that!
Rachel : Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Okay. Okay.
Rachel : (entering) Hi!
Rachel : Oh, I went to have pizza. With Danny.
Rachel : That yeti is one smooth talker.
Rachel : Yeah, y'know I-I think I'm just gonna hang out in my room.
Rachel : Come on you guys! Listen, if Emily knew I was here having dinner you with you she would flip out and you know it. It's okay, I really... I don't mind.
Rachel : Ross, I...
Rachel : Okay. Okay. Joey, it's okay. Settle down.
Rachel : I haven't seen him in so long!
Rachel : Ross, honey, is there anything we can do?
Rachel : Thank you. (To Monica) Mon?
Rachel : How's Ross doing? Y'know since all the Emily stuff.
Rachel : Oh, honey, please, no, I can't get started with all that Ross stuff again. I mean, he's gonna screwed up for a looong time. And besides y'know, I don't, I don't go for guys right after they get divorced.
Rachel : I don't know! He hasn't called me since that one time when we went out. I see him in the hallway, we flirt, I'm all ha-ha-ha-ha, and nothing.
Rachel : Hi Danny! (Notices his box of liquor he's carrying.) Wow! Thirsty huh?
Rachel : Ohh, great!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : (laughs) Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
Rachel : That's right! 'Cause that would give him the control! So now he's all ooh, coming up with this whole I've got a party thing y'know, trying to get me to hint around for an invitation. Blew up in his face, didn't it?
Rachel : No, there's a party. There's a party. But the power, that is still up for grabs. You follow me?
Rachel : Exactly.
Rachel : Oh, hi Danny.
Rachel : Uh, actually, I think I'm gonna be busy.
Rachel : Yeah! Remember I got that uh, gala.
Rachel : It's a uh, regatta gala.
Rachel : No-no, but I support it.
Rachel : Okay. (Closes the door.) Walked right into that one didn't he?
Rachel : Yeah, but he waited until the last minute! So if I said yes, he would know I had nothing better to do than wait around for an invitation to his stupid party. I said, "No!" Which puts me right back in the driver seat.
Rachel : Ball? There is no ball.
Rachel : Don't let him in! I'm supposed to be at a regatta gala.
Rachel : What? What kind of a regatta gala starts at night?!
Rachel : Shoot, shoot, this is never gonna work! He's right there!
Rachel : No, I have to go downstairs and come back up as if I'm coming home from the regatta gala. Okay? So just go distract him. But don't be sexy. (Monica obeys.)
Rachel : Hey! Oh right, tonight was your party.
Rachel : Oh well, y'know, the gala had to end sometime.
Rachel : Yeah, sure. (To Monica) All right, whose court is the ball in now?
Rachel : Oh, come on! He's glad that I came, he doesn't want me to go anywhere, balls flying all over the place!
Rachel : Oh, go on! You telling people about me?
Rachel : (laughs) Yeah, okay, at ease solider!
Rachel : No, it's all right, you can just drop the act Tommy. I know what's going on here. Your Danny's wingman right? You guys are best buds. Frat bros!
Rachel : Yeah, yeah, you go talk to your friend. You tell him, "Nice try." (He walks off.)
Rachel : Man! He just keeps lobbing them up and I just keep knocking them right out of the park!
Rachel : Yeah! (They go get a drink.)
Rachel : Oh Monica that was the best Thanksgiving dinner ever! I think you killed us.
Rachel : Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
Rachel : Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
Rachel : I know Monica's worst Thanksgiving.
Rachel : What?! Joey got a turkey stuck on his head?!
Rachel : Not for me. Chip and I broke up! Fat
Rachel : Well, you know that my parents are out of town and Chip was going to come over... Fat
Rachel : Okay, Monica, can you just call it sex?! It really creeps me out when you call it that! Okay, and by the way, while we're at it, a guy's thing is not called his tenderness. Believe me! (Walks into the living room and greets Monica's parents.) Hi! Mr.
Rachel : Happy Thanksgiving! Mrs.
Rachel : Oh! No, not really.
Rachel : Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs! Fat
Rachel : Y'know what? I've just had it with high school boys! They are just silly. (Ross is overhearing this.) Silly, stupid boys! I'm going to start dating men!
Rachel : Guess what?! All that stuff about Nancy Branson being a slut was all a rumor so Chip dumped her and he wants to come over to my house tonight! Fat
Rachel : I know! Fat
Rachel : Oh totally, totally. Y'know it's not that big of deal, we already kinda did it once y'know. Fat
Rachel : I know, I know. And oh, and this time Chip promised that-that this time it will last at least for an entire song! [Cut to the kitchen, Ross and Chandler are doing the dishes.]
Rachel : Actually, y'know that's not the Thanksgiving I was talking about.
Rachel : No, it wasn't. It was actually the...
Rachel : Oh, yeah, I had too. There was never any parking by the Psychology building. Mr.
Rachel : Oh hi! Mr.
Rachel : No, God! Please, let me! (Runs out.) (She opens the door to reveal Chandler and Ross. Unfortunately, they seem to have their holidays mixed up. They think it's Halloween and they're going as Crockett and Tubbs from that legendary TV show of the late 80's, Miami Vice. God, we looked silly back then!)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : (entering) Oh-ho, my God! That was so awesome! You totally got him back for calling you fat! He was just drooling all over you. That must've felt so great!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Okay, that we may be able to do.
Rachel : Well guys tend to get naked before they're gonna have sex.
Rachel : Okay, first of all, if you keep calling it that, no one's gonna ever take it. Then, second of all you're not actually gonna have sex with him! You're just gonna make him think that you are.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Then, you will definitely get him back!
Rachel : Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
Rachel : Well, like anything can be sexy. Like umm, oh-oh, like this dishtowel! (She grabs it and starts rubbing it on her cheek.) Ooh, ooh, this feels sooo good against my cheek! And-and if I feel a little hot, I can just dab myself with it. Or I can bring it down to my side and bring it through my fingers while I talk to him.
Rachel : Yeah? Okay! Good, good, because he's coming. He's coming. (To Chandler) Hey, what's up? (She leaves and closes the door behind her.)
Rachel : You brought a carrot?! Mrs.
Rachel : All right! Who's are they? Who's are they?
Rachel : Well, get 'em out of here! What's wrong with you?
Rachel : (waving them in his face) Take 'em! (Joey makes a noise and jumps out of the way.) Joey, you can touch them! They're your underwear.
Rachel : Hey, Pheebs!
Rachel : What are you reading?
Rachel : Honey that sounds like fun.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Oh, I read that in high school.
Rachel : (To Phoebe) Sorry I'm late, but I left late.
Rachel : So Pheebs, what is the book about?
Rachel : Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway-umm, what is this book about?
Rachel : Umm, well I would have to say that it's a, it's tragic love story. The
Rachel : Oh-oh-oh, symbolism! And uh, the-the uh, wildness of the mores, which I think is-is mirrored in the wildness of Heathcliff's character. The
Rachel : Well, honey that was pretty obvious.
Rachel : Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
Rachel : Joey, is what she just said umm-Oh my God. (Looks around the room.) You were actually gonna... (Chandler picks this moment to return to the living room.) (Rachel stares in shock.)
Rachel : And with Chandler in the next room. What are you, what are you sick? (Chandler silently pleads with Joey to cover for them.)
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : (sitting down) So umm, what's this book about?
Rachel : Well, I was gonna, but I accidentally read something else.
Rachel : Vogue! Hey, so tell me about this Jane Eyre woman.
Rachel : Come on Phoebe! Don't be such a goodie-goodie!
Rachel : A cyborg?! Isn't that like a robot?!
Rachel : Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time. The
Rachel : Yeah, well, feminism yes, but also the robots.
Rachel : (entering, angrily) Ugh, that was so embarrassing! I can't believe you let me go on and on like that!
Rachel : That was not funny!
Rachel : Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
Rachel : Ohh. Oh, so you really wanted to learn. Yeah, y'know, Pheebs I just wanted to have fun. Ohh, you know who you should go with?
Rachel : (sees the picture) Oh my God! That's Monica!!
Rachel : You get away from me!! You sick, sick, sick, sick-o!!
Rachel : Joey has got a secret peephole!
Rachel : Yes! He has a naked picture of Monica! He takes naked pictures of us! And then he eats chicken and looks at them! (Ross stares in shock at him as he angrily puts down the chicken and takes off his coat.)
Rachel : Look! (Shows Ross the picture.)
Rachel : Well, what is the truth?
Rachel : Monica, is this true?
Rachel : Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
Rachel : And the video camera?
Rachel : Oh my god. Ok you guys, there's Danny. Watch. Just watch this. (He walks past the couch to the counter.) See?! Still pretending he's not interested. Ohh, he's coming over. Just pretend like we don't know him. We've forgotten who he is.
Rachel : Thanks, Mon.
Rachel : Monica!!!
Rachel : (Somewhat angrily) Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don't answer me. (Giggling) I have a date with Danny.
Rachel : I just saw Danny getting on the subway with a girl and he had his arm around her.
Rachel : Well, you should be, this is all your fault! You meddled in our relationship!!
Rachel : No, but I was doing my thing and everything was going according to the plan!
Rachel : She was kinda stupid. You're right. All right, I'm just gonna go on the date. I'm gonna go on the date. That is the new plan. (Rachel goes into her room and closes the door. Which allows Monica to let Chandler out of her room.)
Rachel : So did I. I'm really glad Monica asked us out. (He kisses her.)
Rachel : You're sister? You're sister's asleep on the couch? (Danny nods, "Yes.") Ohhh! I saw her with you on the subway and now she's asleep on the couch! Danny's
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : (not sure what to do) Uh, it was very nice meeting you. (They continue to ignore her.) Commercial Break
Rachel : (entering from her room) Hey!
Rachel : Hey, umm, can I ask you guys something? Monica and
Rachel : Uh, I don't have any brothers so I don't know, but uh, did you guys wrestle?
Rachel : Well, I met Danny's sister yesterday, and uh that was actually the girl on the subway.
Rachel : Yeah, they were very y'know...wrestley. But, I guess that's normal?
Rachel : Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks. (She leaves them to wrestle.)
Rachel : Oh, great!
Rachel : Okay, see? I told you!
Rachel : Yeah uh, y'know what uh, let's skip it.
Rachel : Umm, you-you and your sister seem to have umm, a very special bond, and...
Rachel : Well, okay, look. I don't know, listen, I don't know what's going on here but let's...
Rachel : No, I have two sisters. But one of them has a very masculine energy.
Rachel : No-no, they're not very nice people.
Rachel : Well, uh, I-I don't know. See when-when you put it that way y'know it does sort of...
Rachel : Yeah, okay, I'll see you later. (Gets up and runs from the apartment.)
Rachel : I'm doing just fine! God, Tiffany, you smell so great!
Rachel : Oh, y'know Joey, you are sick!
Rachel : I'm not reading this!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : So?
Rachel : Oh, good point.
Rachel : (To Joey) Happy New Year, Joey!
Rachel : But your divorce isn't even final yet.
Rachel : Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Rachel : I don't gossip! (They all laugh.)
Rachel : Well, maybe sometimes I find out things or I hear something and I pass that information on y'know kinda like a public service, it doesn't mean I'm a gossip. I mean, would you call Ted Kopel a gossip?
Rachel : What? They were like this! (She puts her hands over her breasts and indicates that the coworkers boob job resulted in one pointing up and one pointing down with her hands by pointing up with one hand and down with the other.)
Rachel : I didn't! Even when I found out...umm, all right, well let's just say I found something out something about someone and let's just say she's gonna keep it. (Goes into her room.)
Rachel : I think they're very nice.
Rachel : Awful, absolutely awful. (Plus other negative comments from Phoebe and Monica.) (Monica starts taking pictures of Ross and Ben, with the flash.)
Rachel : (entering, singing) "Baddest man in the whole damn town."
Rachel : Arghh!! (She quickly hangs up the phone and starts to pace around wondering what to do.) Commercial Break
Rachel : (entering) Joey, do you have a minute?
Rachel : Oh, Joey, I have such a problem!
Rachel : Okay. Okay. Okay. Joey, I have got to tell you something!
Rachel : Oh my God, it's so huge, but you just have to promise me that you cannot tell anyone.
Rachel : Yes! Yes! Yes, you do want to know! This is unbelievable!
Rachel : What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?
Rachel : I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone... (Joey in a childish attempt to not hear what Rachel is about to say, puts his fingers in his ears and starts to scream loudly. Rachel turns and walks out upon seeing that Joey's not gonna listen, and as she exits Chandler walks in and sees Joey in his current state.)
Rachel : That really is something; that's really cool.
Rachel : Good luck, honey!
Rachel : Hey, uh, Joey?
Rachel : Remember that big thing I was gonna tell you about?
Rachel : I'm not gonna tell you, but if you found out on your own, that would be okay and then we could talk about it. Right?
Rachel : (quietly) Yeah. Well. (Pause.) Hey uh Joe, would mind going over to Chandler's bedroom and get that book back that he borrowed from me?
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Do you know something?
Rachel : I might know something too.
Rachel : Oh no, I can't tell you until you tell me what you know.
Rachel : Well then I can't tell you what I know.
Rachel : All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know!
Rachel : AND YOU KNOW!!!
Rachel : Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Ohhh, yeah, me too. (They both exit.)
Rachel : Come on Joey!!!
Rachel : I can't believe you would say that!
Rachel : No! I mean come on! This is a huge deal! (She sits next to him on the couch.) Fine I want-I need more details, who-who initiated the first kiss?
Rachel : Is he romantic with her?
Rachel : Are they in love?
Rachel : You don't know anything.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Pheebs, I don't think anyone's mad about that.
Rachel : Oh umm, y'know I lent it to Joey and I never actually got it back.
Rachel : (To Monica) Hey!
Rachel : What's up?!
Rachel : Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
Rachel : Oh y'know what, we don't have to talk about work. We can talk about anything!
Rachel : Hey! Y'know what? Let's talk about relationships!
Rachel : Nothing! You go!
Rachel : Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm, (checks watch) y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if-are you sure there's just not anything else?
Rachel : No! (Gets up to leave.) (Under her breath.) If there was I wouldn't tell you.
Rachel : Ross couldn't fit down the trash chute.
Rachel : There he is!
Rachel : Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!
Rachel : You walked around all night in the city by yourself?
Rachel : Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.
Rachel : Ross! Janice?!
Rachel : (entering) Okay, I have to tell you something that I have never admitted during our entire friendship! But, when we were in high school I made out with James Farrell even when I knew that you liked him! Wow, that feels so good to get off my chest! Okay, you go!
Rachel : Ugh, Monica, I know about you and Chandler.
Rachel : I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
Rachel : Well, I wouldn't know because I got so freaked out that I hung up the phone.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : All right. So you're telling me that there is nothing going on between you and Chandler.
Rachel : Sure! Why?
Rachel : What?! She just called and said that she was gonna be working late! She keeps lying to me! That's it! Y'know what? I'm just gonna go over there and confront them right now! [Cut to Chandler, Joey, and Ross's apartment, Rachel enters and sneaks up to Chandler's bedroom where she overhears Chandler and Monica talking.]
Rachel : Hey! Hi!
Rachel : Well, I was actually-I-I came over here to-to borrow this lamp. To umm, look at my books, y'know, see them a little better.
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.
Rachel : That's good enough. Right? (Pause.) Okay, well umm, I'm gonna go look at my books!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : 'Kay. (Pause.) Congratulations on your new job. (She goes and hugs Monica and is almost in tears.) (After she exits, Chandler enters.)
Rachel : Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Rachel : Sure! (Pause) God, please take those off!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Well maybe, maybe she's with us right now?
Rachel : Okay now Joey, y'know that since you're returning all of this stuff right after the audition you're gonna have to wear underwear?
Rachel : Okay, it's missing something. Ooh, I know! Umm, okay. (Goes and grabs a bag, that looks like a purse, and shows it to Joey.)
Rachel : It's not a purse! It's a shoulder bag.
Rachel : No Joey, look. Trust me, all the men are wearing them in the spring catalog. Look. (Shows him.) See look, men, carrying the bag.
Rachel : Exactly! Unisex!
Rachel : No! No Joey! U-N-I-sex.
Rachel : (entering) Joey, what are you doing with the bag? You're audition is not until tomorrow.
Rachel : Joey, y'know you get any mustard on that bag, you can't return it.
Rachel : All right, then you owe me $350.
Rachel : (glaring at him) Joey...
Rachel : Hey, don't listen to them. I think it's sexy.
Rachel : Hi sweetie!
Rachel : Why?! Why not?!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Ahhh, I think you look great! That bag is gonna get you that part.
Rachel : Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Rachel : What?! Why? Joey you were so ready for it!
Rachel : Honey wait, Joey, I'm sorry I mean as terrific as I think you are with it... (Looks for help.)
Rachel : ...I just don't know if the world is ready for you and your bag.
Rachel : Wait a minute! Wait a minute! I'm not saying that you shouldn't have a bag, I just-it's just there are other bags that are a little less umm, (Pause) controversial.
Rachel : I'd say from the looks of it; our naked buddy is moving.
Rachel : Ohh, I'm gonna miss that big old squishy butt.
Rachel : Well that is because your eye immediately goes to the big naked man.
Rachel : Well, I never thought I'd say this, but I'm gonna go use Ugly Naked Guy's bathroom. (Does so.)
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : OH MY GOD!!!
Rachel : Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
Rachel : I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!
Rachel : Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
Rachel : Ohhh!!!
Rachel : (trying to divert his attention from the window by jumping up and down) HI!! Hi!
Rachel : Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
Rachel : Uh-huh, doing it. Doing it. Phone doing it.
Rachel : Joey! Come here! Come here!
Rachel : Phoebe just found out about Monica and Chandler.
Rachel : No. Joey, she knows! We were at Ugly Naked Guy's apartment and we saw them doing it through the window. (Joey gasps) Actually, we saw them doing it up against the window.
Rachel : Wh-what do you mean?
Rachel : Ohhh, I-I would enjoy that!
Rachel : Ehhh, no, I wanna do Phoebe's thing.
Rachel : You don't have any secrets!
Rachel : (To Phoebe) So umm, how-how are we gonna mess with them?
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Okay great, hold on a sec! (She runs to her room and returns carrying a huge bag of laundry.) Oh, here you go! You don't mind do ya? That would really help me out a lot! Thanks!
Rachel : Hey Ross! Any word on the apartment yet?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : What?! You-you actually thought that basket was gonna get you the apartment?
Rachel : All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
Rachel : Oh Ross, honey you gotta stop torturing yourself!
Rachel : Y'know what you should do?
Rachel : You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Rachel : (To Ross) See?
Rachel : Yeah, he broke those too.
Rachel : Hello! (Listens) Oh yeah! Hey! Hold on a second she's right here! (To Phoebe) It's Chandler.
Rachel : Are you kidding?!
Rachel : I can not believe he would do that to Mon-Whoa! (She stops suddenly and slowly turns to point at Joey. Joey is avoiding her eyes.) Joey, do they know that we know?
Rachel : Joey!
Rachel : Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
Rachel : All right. Be sexy.
Rachel : Oh yeah! (She gasps.) Oh my God! That is our friend! (Monica covers her face.) It's Naked Ross! (Monica turns and buries her face in Chandler's shoulder.)
Rachel : Show time!
Rachel : Okay! (She runs to get some.)
Rachel : (handing her the wine) Okay honey, now I'm gonna try to listen from right here!
Rachel : Okay? Whoa, wait! (She undoes one button on Phoebe's dress.)
Rachel : Yeah, oh wait! (She goes for another one.)
Rachel : Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
Rachel : Okay!
Rachel : (running from the guy's apartment with Joey in tow) Hey, what's-what's going on?!
Rachel : Awww, no, it's okay, we've actually known for a while. (There's another pause as Ross gets angry again.)
Rachel : Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react. (Pause.)
Rachel : Oh! Oh, I just thought of the greatest wedding gift to get you.
Rachel : Okay. (A girl enters.)
Rachel : She is so cute! You could fit her right in your little pocket!
Rachel : Aww, Joey, come here. (She takes his hand.) Look honey, I know this must be really, really difficult for you and I--Oh, I'm sorry. Am I hurting you?
Rachel : Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
Rachel : Okay, I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
Rachel : And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
Rachel : Umm, Chandler, you do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head.
Rachel : Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
Rachel : Hey, Chandler, don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know! Come on, she broke up with Richard because he didn't want to have babies. And she's a woman, and she's almost 30, and y'know it's Monica.
Rachel : No, you're right, you are absolutely right. I mean that makes, that makes everything different.
Rachel : Not unless different means the same.
Rachel : Hi! Wow! You look, you look...big.
Rachel : Uhhh, yeah. But it's not obvious why.
Rachel : Hey! Hey, cute jacket!
Rachel : Oh! Ow! (Joey motions, "You see what I mean?!")
Rachel : Whoa! (Laughs) Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much. (She punches Katie back.)
Rachel : Ohh, and the nicest girlfriend! (She retaliates.)
Rachel : Ohh, you're so sweet! (She kicks Katie in the shin.)
Rachel : Ohhhh, I cannot look at it! (She doesn't move.)
Rachel : Oh no wait Pheebs, I think for something like that you just ask them to move in with you. But I'm not sure, Chandler?
Rachel : (looking at the bill) Uhh, we still need a tip.
Rachel : A couple of bucks.
Rachel : Phoebe, I bet somebody's missing that badge.
Rachel : Hey Joey!
Rachel : (disgusted at Ross's antics) Ugh!
Rachel : What?! You say that to kids?!!
Rachel : Ross, honey, it's a nice couch. It's not a magic couch. The
Rachel : Wait! No, that's ridiculous. Come on, he lives three blocks away!
Rachel : Yeah! (She puts on her coat and turns around and sees Ross is expecting her to help.) (Laughing.) Are you kiddin'?
Rachel : (Disgustedly she goes and tries to pick up the couch. Much to her amazement, she is successful.) Oh. Oh! I can do it!
Rachel : Ross!
Rachel : Ross! The
Rachel : Come on, I don't really want to be doing this right now. I am carrying a very heavy couch.
Rachel : (To Ross) Fine! (To the salesman) We went out.
Rachel : Ross!! Oh my--ugh!! You kept count?! You are such a loser!
Rachel : Ross, didn't you say that there was an elevator in here?
Rachel : Okay, y'know what? There is no more left, left!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh-oh! (She can't stay at the end as the couch rounds the turn so she shifts to the back corner of the couch and is at a 90-degree angle to it.)
Rachel : Any chance you think the couch looks good there?
Rachel : (entering) Hey, umm, do you guys have that tape measure?
Rachel : (noticing him) What's up Joey?
Rachel : Hey! Joey, would you mind giving me and Ross a hand moving his couch?
Rachel : Thanks!
Rachel : I know.
Rachel : What's up Joe?
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : (laughing) What are you saying?
Rachel : Y'know honey, umm, as uh, as flattered as I am that uh, you saw me first, uhh, I just, I-I don't think we should be cranking anything up.
Rachel : (laughs and pushes the chair back in) Yeah, well, y'know umm... No honey, listen I think it's a great idea to become friends with someone before you date them, but I think the way you do it is y'know you meet someone, become their friend, build a foundation, then you ask them out on a date. Don't hit on your existing friends!
Rachel : Yeah. Yeah. Oh, but once you find it, ohh it's so worth the wait.
Rachel : (entering) Hey Ross! I brought reinforcements.
Rachel : Well, I brought the next best thing.
Rachel : Whoa-oh, what's-what's that? (Points.)
Rachel : Wow! You certainly think a lot of yourself.
Rachel : Okay!
Rachel : Ross, I don't, I just don't think it's going to fit.
Rachel : You think?!
Rachel : I know, me neither! I mean, you had a sketch!
Rachel : Hey! How's it going? Did you make any new friends?
Rachel : What?! Why?!
Rachel : Oh my God, Phoebe, are you gonna go to jail?!
Rachel : Good, you guys are all here!
Rachel : Well, I have a job interview at Ralph Lauren tomorrow!
Rachel : I know!
Rachel : Wh-what?!
Rachel : Anyway, I'm going to be the coordinator of the woman's collection, I'll work right under the director, it's the perfect, perfect job for me!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : O-okay!
Rachel : Hi. (They shake hands.)
Rachel : Ugh, horrible! I did the stupidest, most embarrassing thing!
Rachel : No!
Rachel : Ugh, it was horrible! And-and the interview part went so well, y'know? I even made him laugh. He said something about a boat and I was like, "Well, yeah! If you've got enough life jackets!" (She starts laughing; Chandler and Joey are not amused.) Trust me, it was actually, it was very funny. Anyway, so we were saying good-bye and ugh!
Rachel : (We see a flashback as Rachel describes what happened.) All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me... Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh... (The flashback shows that she kissed him on the cheek.)
Rachel : Well, I didn't know what else to do!
Rachel : Thanks Chandler.
Rachel : I can't believe it! I got a second interview!
Rachel : What-what, wait a minute, you don't think that's why he wants me back?
Rachel : I accidentally kissed him in the interview, and now he wants me back y'know of course, 'cause "Let's bring the girl back who kisses everybody!"
Rachel : Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
Rachel : Maybe. I-I don't know-Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!
Rachel : Ohh, well I'm not totally back yet, but thank you.
Rachel : Hi! Mr.
Rachel : Thank you. Mr.
Rachel : What? Mr.
Rachel : Excuse me? Mr.
Rachel : (stopping him) Wh-whoa! All right, okay-okay, I see, I see what's going on here! Now listen, look-look, I'm sorry if I gave you the wrong impression, but I am not some hussy who will just sleep around to get ahead! Now even though I (He tries to interrupt and tell her about the ink), hey-hey-hey, even though I kissed you, that does not give you the right to demand sex from me. I do not want, this job that bad. Good day, sir. (She storms out of his office.)
Rachel : (entering) Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me! (Joey, Monica, and Ross all point to their lips to get Rachel to once again notice the ink on her lip.)
Rachel : Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
Rachel : Oh. (Realizes.) Ohhhhhhhhh....
Rachel : Ah, first, I-I would like to say thank you for agreeing to see me again. Mr.
Rachel : (looks around for the camera) Okay. Umm, well, first I would like to start by apologizing for kissing you and uh, for yelling at you. Mr.
Rachel : Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, (She puts her hands on his desk blotter and he moves it. Rachel then doesn't know where to put her hands.) who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. (Suddenly realizes that she said courage twice.) Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against.? So she didn't want to sue him. ? Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got (counts them off with her fingers) courage, you got integrity, you got (Pause) courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr... Mr.
Rachel : Zelner! Right! I knew that! I really, really want this job and I think, I think I would be really good at it. Mr.
Rachel : (gasps) Oh! You are? Mr.
Rachel : Really? Oh thank you! Oh... Oh, would it be completely inappropriate to give you a hug? Mr.
Rachel : Okay, well then how about a handshake? (She goes to shake his hand but misses and touches his groin.) Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that-I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so-Hey! I'll see you Monday! (Exits.)
Rachel : (laughs) I cannot believe Ross is buying this!
Rachel : Yeah! Oh by the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine. (We see through the big window from the outside and see that Monica and Rachel have pictures of their faces pasted onto cardboard cutouts of Pamela Anderson and Yasmine Bleeth wearing their Baywatch swimsuits.)
Rachel : (entering from her room) Okay, gotta go! Wish me luck!
Rachel : Uh well, y'know what? I don't think if I feel comfortable stealing on my very first day...
Rachel : Okay guys, way to wish me luck!
Rachel : Well umm, that one is pretty but uh, I just, I just love this fabric (On the other one.) Sorry.
Rachel : (laughing nervously) Oh, what a fun office.
Rachel : Oh no, my dad's a doctor and he would always tell me just horror stories...(stops and tries to change directions)...about ghosts and goblins who totally supported the princess's right to smoke.
Rachel : ...and then they came back from smoking and they had made all of the decisions without me!
Rachel : I know! It's like I'm being punished for not having this disgusting, poisoning habit!
Rachel : I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
Rachel : Yeah, I can do that.
Rachel : I would love to!
Rachel : Oh well, it's kinda lonely up there, so I just thought I would come out here and get some fresh air.
Rachel : Oh great!
Rachel : Oh that's okay.
Rachel : Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? (He holds up his pack.) Y'know what, actually... (She takes the one he's smoking and heads over to where Nancy and Kim are standing and laughing.) Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
Rachel : Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
Rachel : Oh, me too.
Rachel : (Laughs) Oh, me too.
Rachel : Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.
Rachel : Thanks!
Rachel : Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of success.
Rachel : I did not!
Rachel : All right, fine! But I had too! I had to do it for my career!
Rachel : No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
Rachel : I am so on board! (She throws away her recently lit cigarette.)
Rachel : Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? (Laughs) Good luck, Rach.
Rachel : Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!
Rachel : Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
Rachel : Yes! Great! Give me those cigs! Give it! Give it! (She grabs their cigarettes and lighters and throws them in the trash.)
Rachel : Okay then! (She starts rummaging through the trash to find Kim's lighter.)
Rachel : Hey! Hey-hey-hey!!
Rachel : Come on you guys! What are doing?! I thought we were the patch sisters!
Rachel : Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Rachel : Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
Rachel : Okay. (Starts to walk away.)
Rachel : (hearing that) Oh man!
Rachel : What?! What?! My birthday's not for another month!
Rachel : Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine! (Everyone stops and looks at Chandler, who's nodding.)
Rachel : Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.
Rachel : Oh, okay, not so weird. [Cut to another part of the room, Ross is going to talk to Joey.]
Rachel : I am so proud of Joey, I can't believe he's going to be on Law & Order!
Rachel : No because first they arrest the guy and then they try him.
Rachel : What's going on?
Rachel : Ross! We broke up two years ago; you've been married since then. I think it's okay that we see other people.
Rachel : Hm-mmm.
Rachel : Okay, y'know what? We don't need her measurements.
Rachel : Big night!
Rachel : Oh, umm, okay, yeah, I'll be, yeah I'll be right back. (Goes to her room.) (Phoebe then gets possessed 'cause she starts speaking in tongues. She speaks Italian to Joey's grandmother. She is quickly exorcised and returns to speaking in English. Of course, too most people English is a strange language as well. But none of them are probably reading this and if they were they wouldn't understand it. So why am I talking about them? I have absolutely no clue. Moving on...)
Rachel : (She enters and hands Phoebe the earring) Here you go. Thank you!
Rachel : Oh what, you-you want both of them?
Rachel : Okay, okay, okay, look, just don't freak out, but I kinda lost it. I know it's in the apartment, but I definitely lost it.
Rachel : Tell her to wear her own earrings.
Rachel : Nooo! Nooooo! You lent me Monica's earrings?! I'm not allowed to borrow her stuff!
Rachel : Because I lose her stuff! [Time Lapse, the gang is now watching Law & Order. By the way, the entire rest of the episode takes place in Monica and Rachel's apartment. Why are they called apartments when they're all stuck together? Something to think about.]
Rachel : Oh boy, I just can't watch. It's too scary!
Rachel : Oh yeah well, you know me, babies, responsibilities, ahhh!!! (There's a knock on the door.)
Rachel : Uhh, no, no, it bothered me when he slept with other women.
Rachel : But y'know, I never really had anything to worry about. Ross was never very good at the flirting thing.
Rachel : Oh! Y'know what? You're right! We meet, you flirted and then bamn nine years later you had me!
Rachel : Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?
Rachel : Okay that is the one we already have!
Rachel : (smiling) What?!
Rachel : (smiling) Yeah.
Rachel : (smiling) Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.
Rachel : It's not here Pheebs, it's not here. Ohh, I went to Joey and Chandler's last night! Okay! (Goes to the door.)
Rachel : Wait a minute. Chandler has a jewelry box?
Rachel : (entering) (To Phoebe) (whispering) Hey!
Rachel : The earring? No. But look, I found my sunglasses under the couch! I've been looking for these since like last summer. (Puts 'em on.)
Rachel : Okay, calm down, here they are. (Gives back the sunglasses.)
Rachel : I don't know, I don't know.
Rachel : Oh gosh, she's going to kill me.
Rachel : Ohh that'd be great!
Rachel : Okay, wait a minute. Wait a minute, I-I-I, I can't do this. Listen honey, this is, it's not Phoebe's fault. She lent me the earrings, and I lost it. I'm so sorry. Honey, I feel terrible too. (Holds out her arms for a hug.)
Rachel : Your sunglasses?!
Rachel : Honey, you have nothing to prove. And if you really like this girl, I don't flirting is the right thing to... (Ross interrupts and shushes her.)
Rachel : I'm sorry.
Rachel : Okay, well, I'm gonna clear out some of these boxes. (She grabs a couple of the old pizza boxes and exits.)
Rachel : Hey! Hey! (Stops Caitlin) Hi! Hey-hey-hey, I'm Rachel! From upstairs? The ones with all the pizza?
Rachel : No. No. Every thing's--they're fine. Great pizza. But it's uh, actually umm my friend Ross. He uh, just gets really nervous when he's flirting.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
Rachel : Yeah. I'm-I'm telling you he's really sweet and he's really funny and he's just ugh, got a good heart. And besides, I y'know, I think he really likes you.
Rachel : Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?
Rachel : (entering) Hey Ross? Umm, I just ran into Caitlin in the hallway and-and uh, you must be getting better at this flirting stuff than I thought.
Rachel : Well, I don't get it, but she wanted me to give you her phone number. (Hands him the slip of paper with the phone number on it.)
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : I-I-I didn't! I didn't! She thought you were cute.
Rachel : Yay!
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Ohh, thank God! Finally!
Rachel : Ohh, it's me and La Poo! Wow! I miss that dog.
Rachel : Great! Thanks!
Rachel : Okay. (She picks up the box and the bottom falls out, spilling all of the pictures onto Monica's neat little piles.)
Rachel : Oops. Sorry! Well, good thing you number all of them, huh?
Rachel : Ohhhh. Honey, honey, honey, it's okay, it's okay honey. I'm gonna fix you a drink, huh? Maybe a margarita?
Rachel : No honey, it's okay! Listen, I'll got to Ross's and get the blender, you get all the margarita stuff ready.
Rachel : Okay, you want me to stop at the ATM?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Ohh please don't be from a real dinosaur! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! Please! (She picks up the 2 pieces and looks at the stand.) Made in Mexico! Yes!! Ugh, who would buy this?! (Looks for a place to hide it and finds a wall sconce and drops the pieces into it and heads into the kitchen as the phone rings.)
Rachel : Hey! What's up?!
Rachel : So all we have is ice?
Rachel : Okay. (She hangs up the phone and starts to head back to the kitchen and notices some money lying out, stops, reaches down to pick it up, the phone rings causing her to drop it, she quickly puts it back, and heads for the kitchen.)
Rachel : Oh. Oh! (Takes a slug of tequila.)
Rachel : (does Monica's) I know!
Rachel : What?! We can't do that!
Rachel : Noo! Oh no! No! God no! He should not get back together with her. I know that! You know that! Even Ross knows that! But that still doesn't give us the right to erase his message!
Rachel : I don't think he's the one who needs help. (They both sit down.)
Rachel : Ugh!
Rachel : Okay, you are crazy! I'm sorry, but she sounded generally upset! I mean, listen! (She hits a button on the machine.) Answering
Rachel : Noooooooo!
Rachel : No, wait. Wait.
Rachel : No, Monica! Monica! We have to fix this!
Rachel : Yeah well unless we tell him.
Rachel : Oh, maybe that's Emily calling back to leave the exact same message.
Rachel : Right?
Rachel : Hey! Hi!
Rachel : Hey! Y'know what? You are in our apartment all the time! Okay? This is, this is just a drop in the bucket mister!
Rachel : Okay, just a little scared. What's going on Ross?
Rachel : What?! What? What happened?!
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : (gasps) Really?!
Rachel : Because a car backfired?
Rachel : Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Rachel : No, she left a message. (He starts for the machine.) (Stopping him.) But it-it kinda got erased. There's just (Pause) something wrong with your machine.
Rachel : Well, uh something about having second thoughts about the wedding and did you guys make a mistake breaking up and uh, she wants you to call her.
Rachel : Now, that-that was a good thing that I told you, right?
Rachel : Okay. Thank you! Thank you! Because-I'm sorry, all right. Because y'know what? She didn't want me-not important. The point is, I was right. Your decision. Okay? I was right. (She starts for the door.) (Stops) Your decision.
Rachel : Okay, no, that's not the right decision. That's not, that's not right, no Ross-Ross, come on! I mean, that woman made you miserable! Okay, Ross, do you really want to get back into that?
Rachel : Ugh, Ross! That was not a near death experience! That was barely an experience!
Rachel : Okay, y'know what? Maybe, this is not about seizing stuff. Maybe this is about escaping stuff.
Rachel : I mean, look-look today you escaped (Pause) (Not believing it) death, y'know? And maybe this is a chance for you to escape getting back together with Emily?
Rachel : Well, there you go!
Rachel : (laughing) Close call day.
Rachel : Ohh, honey no problem. Okay. (Gets up.)
Rachel : Oh? (Ross hits the playback button.)
Rachel : No. (She heads for the door again.)
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : (going out the door) Yeah, uh you-you probably need that for stamps, right? (Ross is stunned.) Ending Credits
Rachel : (entering) Hey, you guys...
Rachel : Is Monica here? Joey and
Rachel : All right listen umm, I just bought something I'm not sure she's gonna like it, and it's gonna seem a little crazy, but this is something that I wanted since I was a little girl.
Rachel : Noo! I wish! Okay, you ready? Joey and
Rachel : Okay! (She goes and gets her surprise and when she returns with it, Ross stares in shock.) Check it out! (Joey turns and looks at quite possibly one of the ugliest pets that you can possibly buy on the planet. Rachel has bought herself a hairless cat. Yep, a hairless cat! Joey and Ross start to get sick.)
Rachel : It's a, it's a cat!
Rachel : Yes it is!
Rachel : Excuse me! But this is a purebred, show-quality Sphinx cat!
Rachel : Well, it was a little extravagant, but I a pretty good deal.
Rachel : A thousand bucks.
Rachel : All right listen ball boys! My grandmother had one of these when I was a little girl and it was the sweetest thing! I mean it was so cute, it would sit in my lap and purr all day long, and I would drag a shoestring on the ground and he would chase it!
Rachel : Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. (They both glare at her.) Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?! (Rachel goes into the bathroom as the guys continue throwing the ball.)
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Oh, wow! Congratulations, that's quite a waste of time.
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Well, it's my cat.
Rachel : Oh yeah, I got a cat.
Rachel : You guys this cat is nothing like my grandmother's cat. I mean, it's not sweet, it's not cute, I even dragged that little string on the ground, and it just flipped out and scratched the hell out of me. And I swear, I know this sounds crazy, but every time this cat hisses at me I know it's saying, "Rachel!"
Rachel : Well, I was gonna let you play with it.
Rachel : (she's wearing an oven mitt to protect her hand) I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!
Rachel : I tried! They won't take her back.
Rachel : Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Rachel : No Mon that's not the point. I'm out a thousand dollars, I'm all scratched up, and I'm stuck with this stupid cat that looks like a hand! (Storms out.) (Monica sneezes.)
Rachel : Show cat! Quality show cat! Show cat! (A woman approaches.) Woman No.
Rachel : It's not a baby! It's a cat! Woman No.
Rachel : Oh no! No! It's actually-it's very sweet. It's very sweet. Look! (Goes to pet it and it hisses at her.) Yeah, do you want it? Woman No.
Rachel : Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on! (Another woman approaches.) Woman No.
Rachel : Yes! Thank you! Exactly! You want it? Woman No.
Rachel : Oh, terrific! That'll be $2,000. Woman No.
Rachel : Okay, a thousand. Woman No.
Rachel : Well, I do, but you're just gonna have to actually look at this as more of an investment than a cat. Woman No.
Rachel : (makes some unintelligible sound to stop her from leaving) Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! (Covers her eyes) Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! (Uncovers her eyes and sees that the woman has fled) Damnit! (To the cat) Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! (The cat hisses at her again, it sounds like Rachel) Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
Rachel : It's not! I'm defrosting a chicken. (Pause) Oh, I uh sold Mrs. Whiskerson.
Rachel : Yeah, 15 hundred dollars.
Rachel : Oh yeah, there you go. (Hands over the pillow.)
Rachel : Oh good, great! I'll-I'll keep that in mind. (Turns and walks away.)
Rachel : Phoebe! It's 6 o'clock in the morning! Why aren't you at Gary's?
Rachel : Phoebe, are you okay?
Rachel : Phoebe, honey, wanna get some breakfast?
Rachel : Yeah, it is amazing it lasted that long.
Rachel : No, I meant with the dropper over here. (Points at Chandler.)
Rachel : Well, my eye is a little itchy. (Ross turns to look at Joey.)
Rachel : Richard? I'm not gonna go see your ex-boyfriend!
Rachel : Well, I'm sorry I'm not going to an eye doctor!
Rachel : (flinches) Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
Rachel : (flinches again) Monica! Come on!
Rachel : (freaks) Ross! Stop it! Come on!
Rachel : Chandler!
Rachel : Just stop it! Come on! (Joey howls in pain and holds his eye.)
Rachel : (entering from her bedroom) All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! (She walks by the table and notices that no one is looking and accidentally on purpose knocks over the open cereal box.) Ohhh! No! Look what I did! (She starts walking through the mess. {Also, notice the continuity error in this scene. Note the position of the box and dispersal pattern of the cereal before and after the camera cut.}) Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Rachel : Oh my God! What does that thing do?
Rachel : All right, I'm outta here!
Rachel : Hey! The
Rachel : So were done then! Dr.
Rachel : Okay. Dr.
Rachel : Uh-huh. Dr.
Rachel : Okay. Dr.
Rachel : (jerks back from the tester) What?!
Rachel : All right. Dr.
Rachel : I'm sorry. All right, I'll just stay in here this time. (Puts her head back.) Okay. Dr.
Rachel : Uh-huh. Dr.
Rachel : Okay. Dr.
Rachel : Okay. Okay! Dr.
Rachel : (really excited) Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy! (He took out that thing they use to look at people's retinas and looked at Rachel's when she was shaking his hand causing her to flinch and scream at him.) Dr.
Rachel : Yeah, no, I don't-I don't put things in my eye. Dr.
Rachel : Great! Dr.
Rachel : Okay, just give me the damn drops! (Grabs them and storms out.)
Rachel : Y'know, I-I gotta tell ya, those eye drops are a miracle. My eye is a 100% better.
Rachel : Damn!
Rachel : Bye you guys!
Rachel : Oh honey, I'll say good-bye to you at the car if you don't mind the puss. (Pause.)
Rachel : Well, wait a minute! The puss is good! It means it's healing! (Runs after him.)
Rachel : Oh, did you beat him at a board game? He turns into such a baby when he starts to lose.
Rachel : Eh! Stop it!
Rachel : Okay. (She tilts her head back and squeezes the eyedropper. The only problem is, it's not over her eye.)
Rachel : Okay, then y'know what? Help me! I need help! I can't do this!
Rachel : All right!
Rachel : All right.
Rachel : Yes!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Okay, they are. (No they're not.)
Rachel : (thinks) Four.
Rachel : Really?!
Rachel : Okay!
Rachel : Great!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Well, well, you said it was practice!
Rachel : Because I knew you were lying!
Rachel : (as she's being dragged) What are you? Monica!! Stop it!! Oh my God! Stop it! (Monica drags her totally onto the floor and on her back.)
Rachel : Oh my God! You really are freakishly strong! (Monica starts biting on the eyedropper, spraying the fluid all over. But Rachel keeps turning her head back and forth and Monica keeps missing.)
Rachel : Monica! Stop it!
Rachel : Wow, y'know if Joey and Chandler walked in right now, we could make a fortune! (Monica is straddling Rachel and holding her arms down. In a rather risque pose, at least for primetime TV.)
Rachel : Yep! (As she moves to get it, Monica yells...)
Rachel : What?!! Stop it! Stop it! Oh my God!
Rachel : Pheebs? Could you get that? Please?
Rachel : No! No! It's just that all the people in the entire world that I want to talk to are right here.
Rachel : (under her breath) Sucker!
Rachel : (entering with Ross) Hi!
Rachel : Well, I guess I could take a couple days off work.
Rachel : Oh no, wait a minute, wait, I've got a presentation tomorrow. I can't miss that.
Rachel : That sounds great.
Rachel : Okay. Yeah, that would be nice actually, to have the apartment to myself for a night.
Rachel : No! So I can be by myself. Y'know? Have a little alone time.
Rachel : No! Phoebe just because I'm alone doesn't mean I wanna walk around naked. I mean, you live alone, you don't walk around naked.
Rachel : (takes off her robe) Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} (In her head.) Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen...naked! I'm picking up an orange. (Does so) I'm naked! (Goes into the living room) Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully. (She backs anything that might have a point like a candle on her body away.) [Cut to Ross's apartment, he's sitting by his window looking at an art book. As he's turning the page, he glances up and notices something.]
Rachel : (singing) Love to love ya baby! Ow! Love to love ya baby! Ow! (There's a knock on the door, she turns off the music, puts on her robe, and goes to answer the door.) Love to love ya, baby! (There's another knock.) Darnit! (Looks through the peephole and turns on the lights.) Ugh. (She opens the door to Ross who's leaning against the door jam.)
Rachel : Uh, yeah, if you want too.
Rachel : Yeah, sure?
Rachel : And um, what-what is that Ross?
Rachel : (laughs) What?! Are you crazy?
Rachel : (gasps) Oh God, you saw me?! Oh!
Rachel : Noo!! No! You thought, you actually thought I wanted to have sex with you?!
Rachel : Ohh wow! I'm sorry, but Ross you kicked off your shoes!
Rachel : Yes of course, absolutely! You're right. I'm sorry.
Rachel : Yes.
Rachel : Okay. Oh wait! One more thing umm, do-do we still need to uh settle the question of "us?" (Ross storms off embarrassed.)
Rachel : (taking off her sweater) Okay umm, Ross? I'm-I'm really warm, so I'm going to be taking off my sweater. Now, I'm just letting you know that this is not an invitation to the physical act of love.
Rachel : I'm sorry. I'm done. I'm done.
Rachel : No, not really. I mean you've seen me naked hundreds of times.
Rachel : Okay. All right, that's true! But y'know I just don't embarrass that easily.
Rachel : No, I don't! Ross, I think I'm just a more secure person than you are.
Rachel : Yeah. (Pause.)
Rachel : Yeah, all right. All right! Just keep walkin'! All right? (Ross keeps giggling and Rachel decides upon revenge. She gets up and kisses the rather large man in the seat in front of Ross on the back of his head. The guy turns around angrily.)
Rachel : Ross! What are you... I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you. [Time lapse, Ross is drinking something and decides to get Rachel again.]
Rachel : (to the flight attendant who appears in record time. It was only seconds after Rachel pushed the call button was she there. Once again, more proof that TV isn't real, IRL she would've been waiting for the rest of the flight and by then Ross's pants would be dry.) Hi! The Flight
Rachel : Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.
Rachel : Yes, I did. Thank you very much, it was excellent. (Disembarks) The Flight
Rachel : Ahh. (A young boy sees Rachel, points, and starts laughing.)
Rachel : Hello! (She makes a face and the kid laughs harder. Finally, his parents drag him off.) Ohh, kids love me.
Rachel : Hi! (Hugs Phoebe)
Rachel : Pancho Vila?
Rachel : What are you talking about Pheebs? (Takes out her compact) I don't... (She gasps when she looks in the mirror and sees her face.) (To Ross) Oh my God, you drew on me?!
Rachel : Ross, I have been walking around like this since the plane! I can-you have so crossed a line. (Heads for the bathroom)
Rachel : (returning with her purse covering her face) All right, it won't come off!
Rachel : It won't come off!
Rachel : No, actually I took it off then I drew it back on.
Rachel : Hi!!
Rachel : Hi. (She hugs Joey.)
Rachel : What?! What else did he say?
Rachel : Ross, no! There is no way I am leaving this room looking like this!
Rachel : Ross, I am a human doodle!!
Rachel : Okay, I need a, I need a drink! (Makes a beeline for the mini-bar.)
Rachel : (she's finished reliving the fridge of its entire alcohol content.) Macadamia nut?
Rachel : Hm-mmm! (Opens the container)
Rachel : Nope! (She puts one in her mouth and spits it out, then does it again in another direction.)
Rachel : Oh my God, I'm starting to look like my great aunt, Muriel.
Rachel : Hit me!
Rachel : I bet 20.
Rachel : Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (He does so.) Hit me. (She slows down with each one.)
Rachel : Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. (Gets up but stumbles a little bit.) Whup, okay. (She makes it to the phone and picks it up, without dialing.) Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial! (They both start laughing. There's a knock on the door.)
Rachel : Ohh, I love Joey! Joey lives with a duck! (Goes and hugs Joey.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : I'm doin' good, baby. How you doin'?
Rachel : Ohhh!!
Rachel : Oops! All right, so what do you want to do now?
Rachel : Okay, y'know what? There's only one way I'm leaving this hotel room. [Cut to the casino, a very drunk and doodled on Rachel is walking arm in arm with an equally drunk and doodled on Ross are walking through the casino and greeting people on their way through. Ross has some whiskers and his nose colored in, along with his name on his forehead.]
Rachel : Good luck to ya!
Rachel : Wow!
Rachel : (bowing) Hello! Ross and
Rachel : (bowing) Hello! (They both continue on and Ross meows like a cat.)
Rachel : Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! (Throws some more rice.) (They storm out into the street.)
Rachel : Well, hello, Mr. Rachel! (Throws some more rice.) (They storm out into the street.)
Rachel : Wait! (Gets her bearings) Okay! (She goes one way; he goes the other. The camera pans back to Chandler and Monica, and needless to say, they're standing there dumbstruck.)
Rachel : Ohhh! (Looks in the mirror and sees that she still has her mustache and groans.) (Suddenly, there's movement beside her, startling her. It's Ross! He wakes up and they both start screaming in terror. Then they both grab their heads having aggravated their hangovers.)
Rachel : I don't know. Do-do you have any clothes on?
Rachel : Really?!
Rachel : Oh! I remember laughing! I laughed a lot.
Rachel : Ohh, I mean, we were really drunk. I'm just glad we didn't do anything stupid.
Rachel : (To Ross) I don't know. (To the gang.) What do you mean last night? Nothing, nothing uh, happened last night.
Rachel : (gasps) Who got married?! (Ross is as surprised to hear this as she is.)
Rachel : No, we didn't get married! That's ridiculous! (They turn to look at each other and suddenly remember that they did in fact get married.)
Rachel : Oh my God.
Rachel : No!
Rachel : Well, I guess we just find a divorce lawyer? (Looks at Ross.)
Rachel : Hey, hubby!
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : Okay! So, we'll just stay married.
Rachel : And I will make everyone call me Mrs. Geller!
Rachel : Okay, see now I'm scared because I don't actually think you're kidding.
Rachel : What-wh-what so we'll just stay married forever?!
Rachel : Ohh, okay, I'm sorry. You're right. Y'know what? We absolutely can stay married, because I was under the impression that the boxes were far away from each other. All right, look, just please, take a moment here and think about what you're asking of me.
Rachel : You are asking me to be your wife!
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : (thinks about it for a second) No! Ross, come on! No! Listen, look I thought a lot about how to tell you this and the bottom line, Ross, is we can not stay married.
Rachel : Oh b-b-but it is!
Rachel : Oh Ross, come on! This is not, this is not a marriage!! This is the world's worst hangover! Ross, listen, if you do not get this annulment, I will!
Rachel : Thank you. (He goes to leave.) Hey-hey umm, uh, is there, is there any such thing as an annulment shower? (Ross turns and leaves.)
Rachel : Huh, that's funny. You look like you're gonna be the...
Rachel : All right. Okay Chandler, enjoy your handful. (Exits.)
Rachel : Hey, so did everything go all right with the annulment?
Rachel : Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?
Rachel : Pheebs?
Rachel : Okay, umm, I'm gonna get my sweater. (Walks away.)
Rachel : Hey, so did everything go okay with the annulment?
Rachel : Ross, thank you. Hey, do you guys wanna go see a movie?
Rachel : Okay, umm, I'm gonna get my sweater. (Walks away.)
Rachel : Oh? Yeah! Sure!
Rachel : Oh but Phoebe, we're gonna be late for the movie. (A cab pulls up.)
Rachel : Yeah, we're, we're actually just gonna walk 'cause it's right up there at the Angelica.
Rachel : (to the driver) Okay, stop-stop! Phoebe?!
Rachel : What was that?!
Rachel : I haven't seen it yet!
Rachel : Noooooooo!! Opening Credits ? {Transciber's
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Ugh, the worse day! Y'know, you think you're making progress at work and then your boss calls you Raquel.
Rachel : I believe you. So, it was right in the middle of a staff meeting so of course no one else wants to correct her so everyone else is calling me Raquel! By the end of the day, the mailroom guys were calling me Rocky!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh my God! That's so great! I'm so happy for you guys!
Rachel : And that was so sweet of you to ask! Oh my God, the three of us are gonna have such a good time living together!
Rachel : And Chandler, you're gonna have to watch those long showers you take in the morning because you know Raquel can't be late.
Rachel : Ohh! This is so exciting! Oh God... (Gasps and starts to sing) Come and knock on my door...
Rachel : (entering) Hey roomie!
Rachel : (gasps) Are you pregnant?!
Rachel : Um-hmm.
Rachel : (laughs) Oh my God! Oh, that's funny, I can't believe I did that.
Rachel : Okay. (Sits back and resumes her reading.)
Rachel : Sure? (Monica hands her one.) Thanks.
Rachel : Monica, where did you get these?!
Rachel : Ooh, good God, they're so yummy! (She re-ingests the previously expelled cookie matter from the tissue.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Okay!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : (grabbing the star) What the hell is that?
Rachel : Wow! Mon, thanks! I love this plate!
Rachel : Mon, honey you're not dying. I'm just moving out. Y'know, I mean we're gonna see each other all the time.
Rachel : Are you okay? You're not blinking.
Rachel : Oh, all right. But y'know I gotta say, I don't, I don't think six years counts as an era.
Rachel : What is the matter with you?!
Rachel : All right, fine, but don't get mad at me. It's-it's just a little hard to believe.
Rachel : Well y'know, it's you guys. You-you do this kind of stuff! Y'know? I mean, you-you were gonna get married in Vegas and then you backed out! I guess I'm not upset because I don't see you guys going through with it. I'm sorry.
Rachel : But I...
Rachel : It is? Really?
Rachel : (starting to lose her composure) I mean we're not, we're not gonna live together anymore?
Rachel : What? Oh my God! I'm gonna miss you so much! (Starts to cry.)
Rachel : I mean it's the end of an era!
Rachel : Monica and Chandler are really moving in here and I have to move out and everything is changing.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : (entering from her room) Pheebs, I wanna ask you something.
Rachel : Well since I'm movin' out and-and you're so beautiful...
Rachel : ...how about I move in with you?
Rachel : You have a roommate?!
Rachel : Oh, that's true.
Rachel : Yeah, yeah I think I'm gonna find my own place.
Rachel : Pheebs, I have to ask you...
Rachel : You're just staring into space.
Rachel : This one? (Picks it up.)
Rachel : Pheebs, this whole apartment thing is just a nightmare! Every place I can afford comes with a roommate who is a freak. I mean, look at this; (Points to one and starts to read it.) "Wanted. Female roommate, non-smoker, non-ugly." It's just, there is nothing! The city's full!
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Yeah! Why?
Rachel : That sounds great! I'd love to live at Warren's!! I love Warren! Thank you!
Rachel : Oh, this is great! I am gonna call him right now! (Jumps up.) Oh, thank you! (She hugs him and he starts to hug her back but notices the look Phoebe is giving him and pushes her away.)
Rachel : (returning from calling Warren) Ugh!!! Well, the apartment is already subletted! I mean, this is just hopeless. I'm never gonna find anything.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Oh my God! Are you serious?!
Rachel : I would love to live with you Ross; that's-that's great! Thank you!
Rachel : Ross-Ross, you have no idea what this means to me! I mean, I mean I was gonna be homeless. You just saved me! You're my hero!
Rachel : Oh, I have to go tell Monica what a wonderful brother she has! (Kisses him on the cheek and exits.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Oh thanks, but listen, I was just at Monica's and she and Chandler had a big fight and they're not moving in.
Rachel : No-no, they just had a big blowout over what to do with my room.
Rachel : Yeah, I feel kinda bad for them, but I'm also really psyched 'cause I don't have to move in here!
Rachel : No-no, I'm staying put.
Rachel : Why, where are you going?
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh wow.
Rachel : Yeah. Y'know umm, uh, umm, about that, umm, Ross I really appreciate your offer to let me move in and everything, but don't you think it's gonna be weird?
Rachel : Well, because of us! Because of our history.
Rachel : No?
Rachel : No! Not at all!
Rachel : Okay, but Ross, eventually you and I are gonna be dating.
Rachel : Yeah! I'm gonna have a boyfriend, you're gonna have a girlfriend...
Rachel : But y'know what, if you think it's gonna be okay we'll just work out a system. Y'know, it'll be like college, I'll hang a hanger on the door and put a sign, "Come back later, I'm gettin' lucky." (Laughs.)
Rachel : Umm, well let's see Monica and Chandler are occupied.
Rachel : No, the other thing. I really think it's great they work things out.
Rachel : Hey, can I borrow the key to your house so I can run across the street and make a copy?
Rachel : Thank you. (Gets up) Now are you sure? Because once I make a copy, there's no turning back.
Rachel : All right, well the place was closed. I'll just copy it later.
Rachel : Well, it would be easier to move just right across the hall. Wait a minute, unless you're thinking about Naked Wednesday's.
Rachel : So, which of this kitchen stuff is mine?
Rachel : And?
Rachel : Look at that!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : No-no, I bought those.
Rachel : Yeah. (Rachel walks away.)
Rachel : Well, who wouldn't?!
Rachel : And Mrs.?!
Rachel : What?!!
Rachel : Ohh! Oh God! (Laughs her way into the living room.)
Rachel : Yeah honey you don't believe her do you?
Rachel : Ross, hey you know what might make it less boring?
Rachel : Some uh, some visual aides.
Rachel : Hey Pheebs, you're still alive! How are you doing?
Rachel : Pheebs, what-what are you doing?
Rachel : Oh yeah, scared the hell out of me. I thought we'd lost you forever. Pheebs, you lie down?
Rachel : Monica!
Rachel : Did-did you take these back?
Rachel : Oh yeah, they're really great! Aren't they?
Rachel : Yeah. (Monica walks away) Nice try! (Rachel puts them in a box.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Wow, that's great Ross, I'm sorry we weren't more supportive before.
Rachel : Well, we're a little early, the lecture doesn't end for 15 minutes.
Rachel : Yeah, we could. Oh hey look! There's some Kappa Kappa Deltas! I was a Kappa. (to them) Hey sisters! (They ignore her.) (To Monica) Wow, we really are bitches. (They enter the lecture hall to find Ross speaking in an English accent for some unknown reason.)
Rachel : Yeah, and not a very good one.
Rachel : (in an Indian accent) Yes, yes, Bombay is bery, bery nice time of year.
Rachel : No! They are mine!
Rachel : You stole them from me!!
Rachel : Yeah that seems fair. We never use them.
Rachel : Well...
Rachel : Yeah, I mean, come on Ross, no one will even notice. I mean they're probably not even listening!
Rachel : Of course they're listening to you! Everybody listens to you.
Rachel : Really? Really?!
Rachel : Okay! (Picks up the phone and starts dialing.) (In an Irish accent) "Hello Ross, this is Dr. McNeeley from the Fake Accent University, we'd like you to come on board with us full time! (Hangs up.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Really?! How do you know?
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry.
Rachel : (answering it) Hello?
Rachel : Uh no, he's not. Can I take a message?
Rachel : Ross got married again-Nooooooo!!!!!!!!!
Rachel : Ross!! Are you crazy?! I am still your wife!! What, were you just never gonna tell me?!! What the hell is wrong with you?!!!! Ugh, I could just kill you!!!!
Rachel : I cannot believe that you didn't tell me that we are still married!!
Rachel : When?! After the birth of our first secret child?! (To All) Ross didn't get the annulment; we are still married.
Rachel : So, I still have boxes here. I still have boxes at Ross's, and I have nowhere to live! Wow. I could so easily freak out right now.
Rachel : Well, maybe-maybe I could be your roommate Pheebs.
Rachel : Well there's an idea!!
Rachel : That would be great! Wait, how long is Denise gone for?
Rachel : December 26th, huh maybe she's Santa Clause. (Phoebe laughs, then stops to think about it. Ross enters.)
Rachel : (deadpan) Oh look who it is, my husband. The apple of my eye.
Rachel : Well sure, if you say you're gonna take care of everything I have no reason to doubt you. Give me those forms! (Grabs them from him.) All right, now I'm gonna do this my way and I don't want to hear a peep out of you!
Rachel : Op! You're peeping! (Ross grunts something and hands her the pen he was trying to hand her.)
Rachel : Ross! Y'know what, I just got-why? Why did you do this?!
Rachel : I don't wanna hear "Three failed marriages!"
Rachel : Well, y'know what? Thanks to you I'm half way there! Ugh! Oh! I am so mad! Ross, I don't think I have ever been this angry!
Rachel : Ugh! (Stares at him.)
Rachel : Yes your honor, and here are, are forms, all filled out.
Rachel : Uh yes, heroin and crack.
Rachel : Well, you would know.
Rachel : (starts to cry) Ross, please, I found the magazines!
Rachel : Ugh!
Rachel : Ross! Your honor, rest assured relationship ended like two years ago! (To the stenographer) And could you strike "Consummated like bunnies" from the record?
Rachel : Well, yes, we got married in Vegas and uh, and the names I think.
Rachel : (stands up as well) What?! Me?! What about you and your consummated like bunnies nonsense!
Rachel : (to the judge) Okay, do you see, do you see what you're keeping me married too?!
Rachel : All right look lady here is the deal, I came here for an annulment and I am not leaving here until I get one!
Rachel : And thank you for your time. (They both beat a hasty retreat.) Commercial Break ?
Rachel : This is totally your fault!
Rachel : Well, you ripped the paper out of the court reporter's machine!!
Rachel : Don't call us that! (Storms away)
Rachel : (deadpan) Oh honey thank God you're home, I was getting worried.
Rachel : Oh, little 'X's! Great! That makes up for everything!
Rachel : Oh, name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one!
Rachel : Hey! Wait a minute! That was different! I did those things because I was in love with you!
Rachel : Nothing. (Sits down.)
Rachel : Uh-hmm. (Just as Rachel finishes signing her name, Ross yanks each page out of the way.)
Rachel : Okay Ross, we're-wait a minute. Umm, I uh, I kinda have a little confession.
Rachel : Well, y'know this whole marriage thing, kinda my idea.
Rachel : Well, remember how we were too drunk to remember anything the night we were married?
Rachel : And uh, yeah, I didn't really, I didn't want to say anything, but it kinda it just, it kinda kept coming back to me, and umm, remember we were in the casino and for some reason thought it would be funny to eat a lot of grapes. And uh, and I thought it would be funnier if we got married. So as a, as a compromise we decided first to get married, and then (Ross joins in) to eat a lot of grapes. So umm, sorry I got us into this mess.
Rachel : Yeah, don't push it though.
Rachel : I know. I always thought if you and I got married, it would be the one that stuck. And it wouldn't be a secret, and we wouldn't have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut. (They both laugh.)
Rachel : No, it was on the house, it was, it was a newlywed special.
Rachel : Hey, thanks Ross, for taking care of all of this.
Rachel : I'm gonna need a copy of those.
Rachel : (entering from her room) Pheebs, I was wondering...
Rachel : Well and clearly not a minute sooner.
Rachel : Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.
Rachel : Yeah, yeah, I know.
Rachel : Surprise!!
Rachel : No, no don't get mad because look-this is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da!
Rachel : Ohhhhhh, look it's the roller blades.
Rachel : You remember when we got these?
Rachel : I guess you weren't there. (They hug.)
Rachel : I'm sorry Pheebs, I guess I'm just really said that I'm leaving.
Rachel : I have one.
Rachel : Uh well, I guess I'm not gonna miss the fact that you're never allowed to move the phone pen. (Laughs. Monica lags behind the laugh a little bit.)
Rachel : You get your messages!
Rachel : So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
Rachel : Ooh, your brother. Score!
Rachel : You know what else I'm not gonna miss? "I'm Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
Rachel : "I'm Monica, I don't get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!"
Rachel : "Oh my God, I can't find a boyfriend! So I guess I'll just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!" (Monica picks up one of those boxes of hair curling things, dumps it in a box, and storms out.)
Rachel : I'm unpacking!
Rachel : I'm not moving! (She re-hangs a picture, crookedly.) Is that picture straight?
Rachel : Hey, y'know what? You're the one who wants to make this big change and move in with Chandler! You should be the one to go! Why should I have to leave?!
Rachel : Well it's mine too! What else you got?!
Rachel : Look! This is ridiculous. We should be packing you!! (She knocks over Monica, grabs a box, and runs into the kitchen.)
Rachel : Great! Monica's moving!
Rachel : Oh really?! Then how come all your stuff is in this box?! (Monica starts chasing Rachel around the table.)
Rachel : Yeah, I'm just mad!
Rachel : Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Well, Phoebe that's fine because I'm not moving.
Rachel : Oh really? Like what Monica?
Rachel : Oh yeah, good start Mon.
Rachel : Yeah and you stretch 'em out with your big old clown feet.
Rachel : Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.
Rachel : Well y'know, I don't want you to be cold.
Rachel : Oh, it's gonna be fine.
Rachel : But honey, I think she's moving in with Chandler.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Oh! I have your key. Here you go. (Hands it to Monica.)
Rachel : Yeah. (Silence ensues.)
Rachel : Oh God! This is silly, I'm gonna see you in a couple of hours! (They hug again.)
Rachel : Bye house! (They break the embrace.)
Rachel : Bye Mon.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Hi...
Rachel : Rachel...
Rachel : Phoebe's...
Rachel : leave...
Rachel : Wait, I-I just said "leave."
Rachel : Phoebe, come on that's silly.
Rachel : No, I have all of the good words. OK, fine, fine, we can switch.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Everybody...
Rachel : Rachel...
Rachel : Phoebe's...
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Phoebe, come on can we finish this later? Cause I wanna go running before it gets dark. Oh! Why don't you come with me?!
Rachel : Yeah, it'll be fun. We'll run in the park. It'll be like our first y'know roommate bonding thing.
Rachel : Yeah and there's really cute guys there.
Rachel : OK!
Rachel : Now wait a minute. You just took all the words!
Rachel : Okay. (Runs off.)
Rachel : You guys, I'm telling you, when she runs, she looks like a cross between Kermit The Frog and The Six Million Dollar Man.
Rachel : Oh! I used to do that too!
Rachel : Aw, Mon...(Kisses her on the cheek)
Rachel : Yeah, yeah and you know what, I know she's gonna wanna run again, I just don't know how to get out of it, I mean, I live with her.
Rachel : You're right, you're right. I should just tell her the truth. [Phoebe enters]
Rachel : Pheebs, Monica tripped me, I don't think I can ever run again, ever!
Rachel : Ankle.
Rachel : No, no Phoebe no, I was...no. You know what, I was, I was actually just checking to, see, if I could run. And I can!
Rachel : No, wait Phoebe. [Scene, Monica and Chandler's, Chandler is there. Everything is out of its place and Chandler's cleaning.]
Rachel : Hey Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Rachel : Okay, um, I...(Phoebe walks into her room.) All right Phoebe look, I just wanted to say that I'm sorry. OK? I handled the situation horribly and I should not have lied to you.
Rachel : Well, I-I should've told you the truth.
Rachel : Well, y'know, the reason I didn't wanna go running with you is because um, well y'know the way that you run is a little...(Starts flapping her arms)
Rachel : Well, it's embarrassing. People were looking at us like we were crazy.
Rachel : Because they're people.
Rachel : Yes, but still. They're people...with eyes.
Rachel : I-I am not uptight-Hey-hey-hey-oh-oh! Listen, I am not uptight, man.
Rachel : (Runs into Phoebe.) Hey!
Rachel : Oh honey, I'm so sorry, you were right, this feels great!
Rachel : Gone! I mean its amazing Pheebs. I feel so free and so graceful. (Turns and bumps into a mounted policeman and falls) Hey! Look out for the horse! Sorry! (Runs off.)
Rachel : Ohh, are you setting Ross up with someone? Does she have a wedding dress?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Well, sure, but they might think it's kinda weird considering I don't work there anymore.
Rachel : I-I, got a job at Ralph Lauren.
Rachel : Yeah. (chuckling) A year ago..
Rachel : But, Pheebs, you can still use the copy machine where I actually work. But, just come by at lunch so my boss doesn't see you. Cause Kim will just freak out and she already doesn't like me very much.
Rachel : Sure.
Rachel : Oh my God. Did you talk to him?
Rachel : What? What!?! You kissed him?
Rachel : (Gasps) Phoebe are you serious?
Rachel : Phoebe, I mean, you do know he's married?
Rachel : Phoebe...
Rachel : Oh, Kim, Hi. (Kim doesn't even look up from her report.)
Rachel : So you know, I...I handed in that marketing report and I never got to hear what you thought.
Rachel : Ahh....So...Wow...The spring line, it's really going to be great this year, huh?
Rachel : So I hear the Ralph Lauren fooled around with someone in the copy room. (Kim stops the elevator and turns to Rachel.)
Rachel : Yeah. Your teeth? Yes, I saw them from outside. (Sitting down on the couch.) You guys are never going to believe this. But, Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren.
Rachel : Yeah I know. She ran into him at my office and they just...made out. And the craziest thing is, now my boss likes me because I told her about it and she said it was the best gossip she'd heard all year.
Rachel : That-that is your make out buddy. Don't you recognize him? (Holding up the magazine in front of her face.) Oh wait. Ohh, Phoebe I love you. Kiss me please.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh My God, Phoebe, that's not Ralph Lauren. That's Kenny the copy guy.
Rachel : Oh..Go..Oh..and I told my boss that someone made out with Ralph Lauren. If she finds out that I lied to her, she is going to hate me even more. Phoebe!!
Rachel : To get you to make out with him!!!
Rachel : Ohh, hi, Kim.
Rachel : Yeah, remember that thing I told you that happened yesterday? Well it didn't happen.
Rachel : Okay, two things didn't happen. Remember I told you that someone made out with Ralph Lauren in the copy room? Well, it turns out that's not true.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Oh no, no, no. Oh God, you think I made out with him.
Rachel : I-I don't want your job. I-I don't. Ohh this is such a mistake. I did not make out with him. Nobody made out with him. I did not use my keycard yesterday. I don't even know how to use my keycard. (The elevator stops. Ralph steps on.)
Rachel : Now, she thinks that I made out with him and I did it to get her job.
Rachel : I did but she doesn't think anyone would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the copy guy with Ralph Lauren.
Rachel : You were with Kenny today, weren't you?
Rachel : Ohh, Phoebe, what am I going to do?
Rachel : I'm not going to sleep with Ralph Lauren. I mean, I could, but I wouldn't.
Rachel : That wouldn't help me.
Rachel : Kim, hi.
Rachel : Okay..Okay.. Look. I'm sorry that I lied to you before. You were right. Ralph and I were an item but were not anymore.
Rachel : (Faking crying.) Yeah, he dumped me. He said, "Rachel, I can't do this. Even though you are a very, very, very beautiful women. I can't do this. I'm married and I'm sorry." And then I don't know why but he said, "and you will never get promoted. Especially not above Kim, who is an integral cog in the Ralph Lauren machine."
Rachel : Of course it's true and it hurts so bad.
Rachel : You and Ralph?
Rachel : Hey! Hey, Pheebs, check it out. Yeah, for my desert, I have chosen to make a traditional English trifle!
Rachel : (worried) Nothing?
Rachel : So, if-if I mess this up, there?s nothing else for dessert?
Rachel : Wow, Monica, I love that, you really have faith in me. Thank you. Technical question, how do you know when uh, the butter?s done?
Rachel : Her dancer friends?
Rachel : Really?!
Rachel : I dunno. Y?know to me he?ll always be ?Jack Geller, walks in while you?re changing.? [Time lapse. Ross and Joey are cleaning the table while Judy and Phoebe talk by the window. Jack and Chandler are sitting on the couch while Monica sits on the coffee table.]
Rachel : (looking at her trifle) Look at it, isn?t it beautiful?
Rachel : It?s a trifle. It?s got all of these layers. First there?s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch, [Joey and Ross make impressed faces] then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, [Joey and Ross look like something?s wrong.] then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top! [Joey and Ross make confused faces.]
Rachel : The beef? Yeah, that was weird to me, too. But then, y?know, I thought ?well, there?s mincemeat pie,? I mean that?s an English dessert, these people just put very strange things in their food, y?know. [To Joey] Oh! by the way, can I borrow some Rum from your place?
Rachel : (teasingly) And while I?m gone don?t you boys sneak a taste. Joey and
Rachel : Joey, God, your apartment is like a hundred degrees!
Rachel : No!
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : (sarcastically) No, I did, but tell me again, because it?s so romantic.
Rachel : Joey! Come on! I don?t wanna make any mistakes, alright? This is the only dessert and if I screw it up everybody?s gonna be like ?Oh, remember that Thanksgiving when Rachel screwed up the trifle?? [Joey gives her an understanding look.]
Rachel : So why don?t you just let me worry about making the trifle and you just worry about eating it, alright?
Rachel : Okay... [The hallway. Rachel and Ross go out and they just stand there for a few seconds.]
Rachel : What?s up, Ross?
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Oh no. No Ross, don?t do this.
Rachel : I just- I don?t think us getting back together is a good idea.
Rachel : I thought this might happen today. Ross, I know the holidays can be rough. Y?know? And it?s probably really hard for you to be alone right now.
Rachel : No, I-I live with Phoebe. I mean you?re [pity-tone] alone, alone. And I just-it?s just not the time for us. I?m sorry.
Rachel : Joey, you?re gonna have to stop rushing me, you know what? You don?t get any dessert.
Rachel : No, I?m just kidding I would never do that to you! Okay, everybody, it?s trifle time!
Rachel : It sure is.
Rachel : Beef.
Rachel : Alright, Monica, I want you to have the first taste.
Rachel : Oh oh oh, wait! You only got whipped cream in there! Ya gotta take a bite with all the layers!
Rachel : Op! Wait, you dropped a pea. [Monica puts the pea on top of the spoonful and takes a bite.]
Rachel : Well?
Rachel : Really? How good?
Rachel : Okay, now what was that all about? Is it-does it not taste good? Let me try it. [Rachel reaches for Ross?s plate]
Rachel : ...So a bird just grabbed it, and then tried to fly away with it and, and then just dropped it on the street? [Chandler makes a fake "I know I couldn?t believe it either" gesture.]
Rachel : Oh, Phoebe, do I wanna hear this?
Rachel : (humoring Phoebe) Oh my God, he dream-cheated on you!
Rachel : (reading the recipe magazine, finally figuring out that...) I wasn?t supposed to put beef in the trifle!
Rachel : You guys! It was bananas, cream, and beef! I-I just cannot believe that you ate that so that I wouldn?t feel bad!
Rachel : That's a good story, Grandpa. (Ross enters)
Rachel : So, pretty much around the same time that you started telling this story. (Joey enters)
Rachel : Well, I used to date him, but you're still going out with her! (Gunther brings Janine a coffee)
Rachel : Yeah, but she also invited you and Ross. Yeah, honey, I'm sorry, but I don't think that was a romantic thing.
Rachel : Well, that's a lot better than Ross trying to kiss me in High School, and saying that he did it because he needed chapstick.
Rachel : Okay, you look in the kitchen, I will look in the back closet.
Rachel : We are looking for our Christmas presents from Monica.
Rachel : Don't worry, we're just gonna search here for an hour, them we're gonna go over to Joey's and search, OK?
Rachel : Chandler, aren't you worried about what to get Monica for Christmas?
Rachel : Chandler, that's not enough. I mean what if she gets you a great present, two medium presents, and a bunch of little presents? And you've just gotten her one great present? I mean that's just gonna make her feel bad. Why would you do that to her Chandler? Why? Why?
Rachel : That's right! (Phoebe looks under the couch)
Rachel : Oh, it's a Macy's bag! (Phoebe tips it upside down, and a shoe falls out)
Rachel : (Reading) Dear losers, do you really think I'd hide presents under the couch? P.S. Chandler, I knew they'd break you.
Rachel : We are so gonna find them this year.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : No, we never do that (They turn away.)
Rachel : Yeah, we found them. There were in the guest room closet behind some coats.
Rachel : Well Chandler, what is this very weird, metal A Z thing?
Rachel : Ha!
Rachel : Yes, okay, oh, by the way, I just gotta say, I think it's really nice of you that even after you've moved, you still keep storing that stuff for Joey! (Chandler does the weird clicky thing again.)
Rachel : Hey, this is hollow.
Rachel : This bench, it's hollow! I can't believe I never knew that! (She pushes all the pillows off it and opens it up) Oh, the presents!!!
Rachel : Oh, this one's for me!
Rachel : Ooh, let's open them!
Rachel : Why?
Rachel : Whatever Linus, I'm opening mine.
Rachel : Uh, wait, so you guys are telling me you actually did the routine from eighth grade?
Rachel : 'Cos I was gonna say there's no way you could've done the end the way you guys did it back then!
Rachel : Yeah. Don't do this to yourself.
Rachel : I know.
Rachel : Oh-oh, Pottery Barn! (Grabs the aforementioned catalog and holds the rest back out to Chandler.) You can throw the rest away.
Rachel : Monica look! Look-look-look! Here is that table that I ordered. (Shows her the picture.)
Rachel : Yeah! It's an apothecary table. Does anyone even know what an apothecary is?
Rachel : Phoebe hates Pottery Barn?!
Rachel : Well this has story behind it! I mean they had to ship it all the way from the White Plains store.
Rachel : Okay fine! I'll-I'll just tell her it's an antique apothecary table, she doesn't have to know where it came from. Oh! Look at this little drawers! Oh look-look it says that it holds 300 CDs.
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Guess!
Rachel : Ha! See, I knew, I knew you'd get it on the first guess. Isn't it cool! It's an apothecary table.
Rachel : Ohh, yes.
Rachel : Almost.
Rachel : It was only 500 bucks.
Rachel : Oh, okay see I thought, I thought you meant how much was it when it was new, y'know like back then.
Rachel : Yeah no, I mean it was at a flea market, so it was y'know, it was like a dollar.
Rachel : And fifty. So it was like one and fifty dollars.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Uh, it's from yore. Like the days of yore. Y'know?
Rachel : Yes! That I know, this is from White Plains.
Rachel : Hey! We're here!
Rachel : (seeing his new table) Ohh! Oh my God!
Rachel : Oh no!
Rachel : Ross! Phoebe's gonna be here any second, she cannot see this!
Rachel : I know you did! I bought the same one! And if she sees your table she's gonna know that I lied to her. I told her ours was an original.
Rachel : Because she hates Pottery Barn.
Rachel : I know! I know, she says it's all mass-produced, nothing is authentic, and everyone winds up having the same stuff. (Ross looks at his table.) So come on, she's gonna be here any second! Can we please just cover this up with something?! Please?
Rachel : Ooo! Oh, I forgot they made sheets!
Rachel : Ross, get over it! It's not like she hates you.
Rachel : Ross, she's not weird, she just wants her stuff to be one of a kind.
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Ooh, Phoebe's here! Okay, let's turn out all the lights and we'll just watch the movie!
Rachel : He got it a flea market!
Rachel : That's funny. (Phoebe puts her feet up on Ross's table.)
Rachel : Ohh!!
Rachel : Noooooo!! (Phoebe lifts up the sheet to discover the exact same apothecary table they have.)
Rachel : Oh my God, Phoebe, Pottery Barn has ripped off the design of our antique!
Rachel : Oh yes.
Rachel : ...see I can't decide whether it would go better next to the new wicker dining chair, the Sahara desk, or the Parker console table.
Rachel : I know, I know. I went a little crazy.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Oh it does, it does! It is a room separating apparatus from Colonial times.
Rachel : Well there's yore. And uh, y'know, yesteryear.
Rachel : Oh honey he doesn't need my help.
Rachel : (not sure of what to do) Y'know what? I don't, I don't think Phoebe really wants to come.
Rachel : Oh, she does want to.
Rachel : Pheebs, I don't know what to say. I guess the flea market was just better last time.
Rachel : Yeah. (They walk by a Pottery Barn window display.)
Rachel : Yeah, y'know what? Don't look at it. (Realizes the display is their living room) Seriously, don't look at it. (Tries to pull Phoebe away.)
Rachel : Ugh, those bastards! Let's go.
Rachel : No! No! No! No it's not! No it's not! Come on! Phoebe, ours is totally different! I mean we don't have the... (Looks desperately for something different.) We don't have the...that lamp! And-and that screen is y'know, on the other side.
Rachel : Okay! Okay-okay look-no I did, I just wanted this stuff and I know how you feel about Pottery Barn. Just... Come on don't be mad.
Rachel : Well then honey, buy the lamp! Hey, we have that 60 bucks from Ross.
Rachel : What?! No! I'm not gonna move out!
Rachel : (gets it) Oh. Yes! I would so move out!
Rachel : That's right! (They start to go inside.)
Rachel : I'm sorry, I was just reading the joke below it. Man, that one is funny. (Ross grabs the magazine away from her.)
Rachel : We are looking at a Playboy.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, sure. I mean, like in the case of this young woman, she has lost her clothes, so she rides naked on the horse, she's crying out, 'Where are they, where are they?'
Rachel : You see, now, I would date this girl. She's cute, she's outdoorsy, you know, and she knows how to build a fire. I mean, that's got to come in handy
Rachel : (thinks) I don't know.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Monica, what are you doing?
Rachel : (To Monica) Well, people are different.
Rachel : What? Wait a minute. What are you saying, that I'm a pushover? I'm not a pushover.
Rachel : Oh my ... you think I'm a pushover. Well wait, watch this, you know what? You're not invited to lunch. What do you think of that? I think that's pretty strong, that's what I think. Come on, Monica, let's go to lunch. (She leaves)
Rachel : I cannot believe her.
Rachel : Oh, oh, I love that Japanese place.
Rachel : All right, wherever you wanna go is cool.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Joey, honey, I don't think you're supposed to go back there.
Rachel : Come on, Joey, I did it and it was fine.
Rachel : Well, you know what? This is great. Finally, I have someone I can pass on my wisdom too. Let me tell you about a couple of things I learned while working at the coffeehouse. First of all, the customer is always right. (Joey nods.) A smile goes a long way. (Joey smiles) And if anyone is ever rude to you? Sneeze muffin.
Rachel : Phoebe. We would like to talk to you for a second.
Rachel : Yes, we are very sorry to tell you this, but you, Phoebe, are flaky.
Rachel : So, what, you're just, you're just okay with being flaky?
Rachel : Yeah, and I am okay with being a pushover.
Rachel : I am not a pushover!
Rachel : You did!
Rachel : Wow, you know what? That is the best fake speech I think I've ever heard.
Rachel : How-how did you lose your job here?
Rachel : He left work in the middle of the day to do a personal errand and left you in charge when you've been working here two days? That's not, that's not right.
Rachel : Joey, you can't let him get away with that. Ya know what, I'm not going to let him get away with that. I'm going to say something to him-No, I really shouldn't say anything-No, I should say something to him. (Goes to the counter) Gunther, I want you to give Joey his job back. That is really not fair that you have to fire him...
Rachel : What?
Rachel : That's right, he can have his job back. I'm glad we got that all straightened out. There you go, Joey, you got your job back.
Rachel : Yeah, pretty nice, huh? Now who's a pushover?
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry. (Gets up and moves.) Ending Credits ?
Rachel : Oh, yeah. Definitely you, Pheebs.
Rachel : Hey. Oh, I have a question. If-if-if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick?
Rachel : Wait a minute, you're only giving free stuff away to the pretty girls?
Rachel : Honey, no one thinks you're a pansy, but we do think you need a tissue. (She notices something hanging from Monica's nose, as does Joey.)
Rachel : Oh my God, Jill!
Rachel : This is Chandler. (Points at him.)
Rachel : And you know Monica and Ross!
Rachel : And that's Phoebe (points), and that's Joey.
Rachel : Don't!! (Joey backs away frightened.) (To Jill) Honey, what are you doing here?!
Rachel : Wow! What did he say?
Rachel : Oh! Did you hear that?! My dad's proud of me! My dad's proud of me.
Rachel : Oh yeah, sorry. Wait honey, so what did you do that made dad cut you off?
Rachel : Jill, honey, I think this is the best thing that could've ever happened to you. I mean you needed to get out on your own anyway! And you know when I did it, I-I-I at first I was scared, and look at me now! I'm the only daughter dad is proud of! Okay, well this is, this is what you're gonna do. You're gonna get a job, you're gonna get an apartment, and then I'll help you and you can stay with us. Right Pheebs, she can stay with us?
Rachel : (entering) Hey! What's goin' on?
Rachel : (notices Jill's bags) Jill! Did you shop?!
Rachel : You went shopping?! What, and then you just came in here and paraded it right under Jill's nose when you know she's trying to quit. Wow, you guys are terrible!
Rachel : What'd you get?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Apartment pants?
Rachel : No, of course, of course I've heard of them! Ross, what did you get?
Rachel : A Pashmina?
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Jill?
Rachel : Oh, come on! You think that's gonna work on me?! I invented that!
Rachel : All right, it's okay. One little setback is okay, just don't let it happen again, all right? Now since daddy paid for all this stuff, I should take it all away. But I'm just gonna take the-the Pashmina. (Ross hands it to her.) And the uh, and the uh pants. Y'know what, I'm just gonna take it all away, 'cause that way you'll just really learn the lesson. Okay? All righty, I'm gonna run a couple of errands and I will see you at dinner. (Leaves with all of Jill's stuff.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : What's up?!
Rachel : Well, it'd better not be about the apartment pants, because I just pitched the idea to my boss at Ralph Lauren and she loved it.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : With Ross and Jill?
Rachel : With Ross and my sister?
Rachel : With my sister Jill and my ex-boyfriend Ross?
Rachel : Oh there is no way.
Rachel : Oh my God! I can not believe that! I mean I don't really like it when Ross goes out with anyone, but my sister isn't that like incest or something?! Oh my God, and they're gonna have sex! Oh! Oh no what if he marries her too?! Oh this is just terrible, this is just terrible. And I can't stop it! I can't-I don't own Ross! Y'know? And Jill, she should be able to do whatever it is that she wants to do! And oh my God, I can't believe Ross is marrying my little sister, this terrible. Oh my God, this is just the worst thing that could have ever happened to me.
Rachel : (on the couch) Oh hi! Y'know, I just wanted to see if there were any leads on the old job front.
Rachel : That is great. Hey, y'know who doesn't have to job hunt? Ross. He works at the university.
Rachel : Oh so you know that, you guys talked about that, so you get along, so you think you're gonna go out?
Rachel : I just, Phoebe, said y'know thought she saw something between you guys.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh not-not so much. Umm, what-what do you, what do you mean is there something wrong with Ross?
Rachel : Are-are you saying he's a geek?
Rachel : No! No I, no Ross is not a geek!
Rachel : What handsome is not your type? Smart? Kind? Good kisser? What those things aren't on your list? Ross is a great guy! You would be lucky to be with him!
Rachel : Oh no-no-no, no-no-no, that's not what I meant.
Rachel : Yeah but, he's not your type.
Rachel : Yeah but, you don't, you don't, you don't want to try to much too fast. Y'know? I mean, you do remember what happened to the little girl that tried to much too fast don't you?
Rachel : She-she died Jill. Commercial Break ?
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Well yeah...
Rachel : Really?!
Rachel : Oh so-so not really never.
Rachel : Hi! Wh-what are you doing here?
Rachel : Well, I-I don't like it.
Rachel : It's kinda slutty.
Rachel : Yeah well, I'm-I'm a slut.
Rachel : Rachel.
Rachel : Yeah I know, and I bet you thought it would be weird. But it's not! (There's an awkward silence.)
Rachel : Why aren't you home yet?!
Rachel : Oh yes, it's me! Sorry!
Rachel : Uh, I'm just, I'm just looking out your window. At-at the view. What are you guys doing?
Rachel : (gasps) Oh, he brought her back to his apartment.
Rachel : Ugh, she is a slut!
Rachel : Oh my God, look-look he's taking off her clothes!
Rachel : Oh, this is just terrible.
Rachel : Oh. (Squeaks again.)
Rachel : Ross is on a date with my sister and they shut the drapes two and a-half-hours ago.
Rachel : Yeah. And y'know who should've shut their drapes? Is that perverted old couple two doors over.
Rachel : Oh don't even ask!
Rachel : Oh Ross, hi! Hey, how are ya? There you are!
Rachel : (to Gunther) I'll take a coffee. (To Ross) So how was your big date last night?
Rachel : Yeah fun? Great! So uh, so did you guys hit it off?
Rachel : So uh, so did anything happen? Because rumor has it you guys shut the drapes!
Rachel : Oh, slides. (Laughs.) So really nothing happened.
Rachel : Right. Was it the, "Please don't show me another picture of a trilobite vibe?"
Rachel : She asked-asked you out again?
Rachel : Okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay-okay! I got it! I got it! I got it! I can't! I can't! I can't! I cannot go with you and my sister thing. Okay? I just can't. It's just too weird, all right? I imagine the two of you together and I freak out. It freaks me out. I can't do it! I can't do it.
Rachel : Thank you. I...yeah.
Rachel : No-no-no! No-no-no! Please Ross, I can't! I can't do it! (Starts to freak out.) It's just gonna freak me out!!!
Rachel : Ross thanks.
Rachel : Oh no! No! No-no-no-no! No, I mean come on that's-that's crazy-I mean that's crazy. So what's-what's going on with you? What is going on with you?
Rachel : Yeah do it now, call right now.
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Ohhh well. Y'know what honey? The best thing to do to get over a guy is to start dating someone else. Oh! There is this great guy you will love at work named Bob! He's a real up-and-comer in Human Resources.
Rachel : It's not random, it's Bob.
Rachel : No honey, okay, okay, you wanna know why Ross canceled the date? Because I asked him to.
Rachel : Hm-mmm.
Rachel : Because you are my sister and Ross and I have this huge history...
Rachel : No.
Rachel : (changing the subject) Y'know Bob in Human Resources...
Rachel : Look, this is not that big of a deal! You just don't date Ross! There's a million other guys out there, you just...
Rachel : I'm not telling you what to do! I am telling you what not to do!
Rachel : Jill this is not about me being jealous of you! This is about you being a brat! Wanting what you can't have!
Rachel : All right, all right, well you just blew your chances at dating Bob!
Rachel : In Human Resources!!!!!!
Rachel : ...I am jealous of her?! I mean who does she think she is?! Princess Caroline?!
Rachel : Do I have my own castle? (Joey and Ross enter.)
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : Wow! I mean, I just-I can't, I can't believe this. Y'know, I mean you think you know someone even, even Phoebe who's always been somewhat of a question mark.
Rachel : Absolutely not.
Rachel : Probably just the first half.
Rachel : Well it's hard to tell... (Rachel gets up to get a closer look, only she's having some trouble.) Oh God, if she would just stop moving.
Rachel : Oh, it's a tattoo! That's weird, Phoebe doesn't... Wait that's Ursula! That's not Phoebe that is Ursula! (Upon hearing this, Joey can't turn his chair around fast enough and knocks it over.)
Rachel : Hey! Have you guys seen Jill? I can't find her anywhere.
Rachel : Well, is Ross home? Maybe I'll just call him to see if he's actually seen her. (She goes to look out the window at Ross's apartment and sees Jill staring at her and closing the drapes with an evil look on her face. Rachel is stunned into silence.)
Rachel : (on phone) What is my sister doing there?! And why are the drapes shut?!
Rachel : Ross! I think she is trying to make something happen with you to get back at me!
Rachel : Ross, I am telling you that she is using you to get back at me!
Rachel : Oh! I knew it! What happened?
Rachel : What?! You kissed!
Rachel : Well, it doesn't sound like it! I mean, it's pretty easy not to kiss someone, you just don't kiss them! See look at us, right now, not kissing!
Rachel : Yeah that's right you weren't thinking! Y'know what? Let me give you something to think about! (She pulls up her sleeves and steps towards him.)
Rachel : Oh, well thank you for taking your tongue out of my sister's mouth long enough to tell me that.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Wow. I, I don't even know what to say. Thank you. (Gently kicks him.)
Rachel : Yeah, I got that.
Rachel : Bye-bye-e!
Rachel : Hey, you guys! Guess what? Barry and Mindy are getting a divorce!
Rachel : Barry was the guy that I was almost married and Mindy was my best friend.
Rachel : Yeah, but that just means that he was falling asleep on top of her instead of me.
Rachel : Well, apparently she caught him cheating on her with someone else. Isn't that sad? (Giggles.) God, could you imagine if I actually married him?! I mean how different would my life be?
Rachel : Merrill Lynch?
Rachel : Well why didn't you take the job?
Rachel : (gasps) Rob Tillman!
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry. Ross Tillman.
Rachel : Ohh, of course Monica's brother!
Rachel : Wow! How are you?!
Rachel : Ohh! Me too!
Rachel : Oh, it's the best! (They both exhale contemplating the joys of marriage.) So, umm how's Monica?
Rachel : Ohh, I would love too.
Rachel : Ohh! Okay!
Rachel : Oh wait, don't you have to pay for your, (looks at his magazine) Busty Ladies?
Rachel : (laughs) Oh yeah? Okay.
Rachel : But! Don't you have to give him his money back?
Rachel : Ohh, so do you! Did you lose weight? (She's not quite sure of that one.)
Rachel : Oh yeah.
Rachel : Oh yeah. Right. So now, are-do you, do you still do music?
Rachel : (interrupting him and seeing Joey) Oh my God! Joey Tribbiani from Days of Our Lives, just walked in here!
Rachel : (stunned) You are friends with Dr. Drake Remoray?
Rachel : He's coming over! He's coming over!
Rachel : (giggles and can't look at him) Hi!
Rachel : (still not quite able to look at him) Hi! I love you on that show! I watch you everyday! I mean, when you took out your own kidney to save your ex-wife even though she tired to kill you...
Rachel : Ah!
Rachel : Wow! This is so amazing! What else? What else?
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : (laughs) Wow! Umm, y'know, I-I would really love to, but I-I shouldn't.
Rachel : (awestruck, then not) Isn't that a line from the show?!
Rachel : That's a line from the show too!
Rachel : Yeah sure, iced tea would be great.
Rachel : (mouthing it to him) Yes, you did.
Rachel : Oh Mon, listen I have to ask! Okay, Joey Tribbiani invited me back to his apartment, now does he do this with a lot of girls?
Rachel : Ohh! And I'm one of them!! Wow! Oh, I just cannot believe this! I mean, Joey Tribbiani!
Rachel : Yeah. Oh I just wish we could not be married for a little bit! Y'know I just wish we could be like on a break!
Rachel : Oh, it's so easy for you I mean, you're not married, you get to have sex with who ever you want!
Rachel : Monica. You've, you've done it right?
Rachel : Oh my God! You're a 30 year old virgin!
Rachel : Oh my God!! Do it!! Honey, you've waited long enough!!
Rachel : Yes!! I mean sex does not have to be a big deal! There shouldn't be all this rules and restrictions! Y'know, people should be able to sleep with who ever they want, whenever...
Rachel : Oh what do you know? Virgin!
Rachel : (very relived) Oh! Thank God! [Cut back to the TV, the cops are leading Dr. Wesley out, and as they pass Remoray and Wesley exchange evil glances.] Dr. Drake
Rachel : Ohh, I mean it's just so realistic!
Rachel : Pat the dog. Oh! Oh! I get it!! (Laughs and finishes her drink.)
Rachel : Oh, I probably shouldn't-so I will! (Joey starts making her refill and Rachel notices that rain thing Joey has.) Oh! Wow! It's like it's raining!
Rachel : Umm, can I use your bathroom?
Rachel : Okay. (Starts to go.) God y'know, if someone told me a week ago that I would be peeing in Joey Tribbiani's apartment...
Rachel : Yeah, it sure is!
Rachel : Joey, you're such an amazing actor! (He smiles.) How do you know where Dr. Drake Remoray leaves off and Joey Tribbiani begins?
Rachel : Wow! Tell me something Joey-(She falls off the couch)-Whoa! I just fell right off the couch there.
Rachel : Okay. (She climbs back onto the couch.)
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Wow! I can't, I can't feel my hands.
Rachel : (wakes up suddenly and realizes where she is) Oh right.
Rachel : (groans) Oh God. Oh I can't believe Joey Tribbiani heard me throw up!
Rachel : Noo! Oh God we did-we didn't, we didn't uhh...
Rachel : God I'm just a horrible person.
Rachel : Because I'm married. That's right, I am a married woman! And I came to a TV star's apartment to have an affair! Uck!
Rachel : Yeah and I'm a horrible, horrible person.
Rachel : The ring from the cave, yeah.
Rachel : (seeing the ring and gasping) Oh my God, they let you keep that stuff?!
Rachel : No! No-no-no...
Rachel : But I thought that ring stood for Caprice's undying love for her brother.
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Ohh! My God! Barry!!
Rachel : Oh that's right! I'm sorry! I-I am early! Finish! Please!!
Rachel : Hi Ross!
Rachel : Is Joey Tribbiani here?
Rachel : Well, if you see him, will you please tell him that I'm looking for him and that this I am not gonna throw up!
Rachel : Me? I'm great! I'm fine! I'm sooo good!! But, you know who's not great?! Men! You're a man right Ross?!
Rachel : Sit down!
Rachel : Let me uh, let me ask you something, do wedding vows mean squat to you people?! And why is it that the second we tell you we're going out of town, bamn there you are in bed with the neighbor's dog walker?!
Rachel : No seriously! Seriously! What has happened to the sanctity of marriage?
Rachel : Aw what are you?! A detective?
Rachel : Oh. (Doesn't believe it.)
Rachel : Who are these men?
Rachel : Well, you might want to tell him it sounds like his wife is (whispers) gay.
Rachel : Good day for married people huh?
Rachel : I'm sorry your wife is gay. I guess women aren't that great either.
Rachel : Yeah, kicking a guy in the crotch all morning really takes it out of ya!
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : What? You wanna see me self-defend myself?! Go over there (points) and pretend you're a sexual predator! Go on! I dare ya!!
Rachel : Isn't that a kind of sushi?
Rachel : Ohh! I would kill for a salmon skin roll right now!
Rachel : (To Phoebe) Ooh! Y'know what? If we made reservations, we could have unagi in about a half-hour.
Rachel : Well, Valentine's Day was like two weeks ago, so I wouldn't get her a calendar!
Rachel : Aw, I love that.
Rachel : (interrupting him) Okay-okay-okay! So, making things. That sounds like so much fun.
Rachel : Hey, wait a minute! That is my sock!
Rachel : What the hell was that?!
Rachel : All right, so we weren't prepared!
Rachel : DANGER!!!!! (Ross screams like a little girl.)
Rachel : Ahhhhh, salmon skin roll. (She does the finger thing.)
Rachel : Yep!
Rachel : Oh, of course!
Rachel : Definitely! Phoebe, you will not find a single game show host, who's ass I cannot kick. (They start to walk into the living room and notice someone's head sticking up from behind a chair. The camera cuts to the other side and we see it's Ross.) [Time lapse. The girls have Ross pinned face down. Phoebe is sitting on his back and arms while holding his head down and facing Rachel. Rachel is sitting on his knees and holding his lower legs vertically, causing Ross pain.]
Rachel : Say it!
Rachel : Say it!
Rachel : I don't like sitting up here! I'm just gonna over... (She starts to get up.)
Rachel : Oh my God! Why is he jumping on those women!
Rachel : Who wrote it?
Rachel : Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, why are we so sure that this is a girl?
Rachel : (entering from the bathroom) Hey Mon? I'm gonna check my messages.
Rachel : (on phone) Hello? (Shocked that someone answered.) Uh, Rachel. (To the gang.) Great, someone is in our apartment. Call the cops!
Rachel : (on phone) Oh my God! Oh my God! Thank you! (Hangs up) That was the fire department, there was a fire at our place!
Rachel : Well, he didn't say, but it was a fire. I'm guessing not very good. Come on, we gotta go!
Rachel : My God! (They both run into the bedrooms.)
Rachel : Everything's ruined. My bed. My clothes. Look at my favorite blue sweater. (Hold it up.)
Rachel : Fine! I'm sorry for your loss! (Hands it back to her.) Fireman
Rachel : (stands up) Wow! Oh-okay, look pal, I am not in the mood to be hit on right now! But if you give me your number I will call you some other time.
Rachel : Okay Phoebe calm down, there's no need to place blame. Okay? (To the fireman) I warned her about those candles.
Rachel : Oh my God! It sure didn't look this way when I lived here.
Rachel : Hey! Hey-hey, now this was no one's fault Pheebs. Okay? It was an accident.
Rachel : Okay! (She jumps on the bed.)
Rachel : I have.
Rachel : I did.
Rachel : I did, Monica was so sweet she left a little mint on my pillow.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Well, don't look at me! My hair's straight! Straight! Straight! Straight! Fireman
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Oh, Joey! Sorry!
Rachel : Oh but look! That's gonna leave a stain!
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : I've never lived like this before.
Rachel : I love it at Joey's!
Rachel : Thanks!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : No, no-no-no. Phoebe, this was my fault and besides y'know what? I'm fine here.
Rachel : No! No! Phoebe, come on! I don't want to switch! Please come on! I can throw wet paper towels here!
Rachel : I know. I'm sorry.
Rachel : Hi Joey, how ya doin'?
Rachel : Huh, yeah I guess we are roommates now.
Rachel : I'm not paying for half of that! I'm only staying here until my apartment gets fixed.
Rachel : That refrigerators don't live as long as people.
Rachel : You're jokin' right?
Rachel : Thank God you're pretty. (Exits.) Opening Credits ?
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Do you guys know any cute guys?
Rachel : Anyway, there's this big charity ball this weekend and Ralph Lauren bought a table, so I kinda have to go...
Rachel : I don't know, something either trees or disease-Ralph mumbles a lot.
Rachel : Yeah! It's weird. But the thing is need to find a date.
Rachel : Well, someone that has his own tux, or has the ability to rent a tux.
Rachel : Oo! When's her birthday?!
Rachel : Well, y'know it's just been so long since I've been to Chuckie Cheese.
Rachel : Hey! You guys umm, I want you to meet Sebastian.
Rachel : We just uh, we just met at the newsstand. We both grabbed for the last Field & Stream. (Chandler's shocked.) What? I read that.
Rachel : Oh yes! Thank you! (He does so and Rachel sits down on the couch.)
Rachel : (shocked) What?
Rachel : You found me a guy?
Rachel : Well, y'know what though you guys? I really appreciate that but I think I'm just gonna take Sebastian to the charity.
Rachel : Oh, thank you.
Rachel : What are you guys doing?
Rachel : Oh, but y'know, no, you didn't give me your phone number.
Rachel : I cannot believe you guys! He was really nice and he left because of you!
Rachel : All right.
Rachel : Yes, I'll meet 'em.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh...
Rachel : I don't know. I know I don't work late tomorrow night.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Well-well a little blind sided but y'know good.
Rachel : I-Ohh! (Moves over and lets Eldad sit on the couch.)
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Oh, hi.
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Oh-okay, but Pheebs?
Rachel : I'm just sort of in the middle of something.
Rachel : Okay, y'know what? Maybe I should go!
Rachel : Yeah, I'm good.
Rachel : No-no! Don't dance for me! Please? Don't! (She gets up to yell at her 'friends.') What is the matter with you guys?
Rachel : I... Am I the only one that this is embarrassing for?
Rachel : I'll tell ya who should be embarrassed! It's you guys! Come on! This is ridiculous! Thank you very much, but I do not need you to get me a date!
Rachel : I am still talking!! And then you chase away the one guy that I actually liked! I mean, no offense to you guys. Really! I mean (To Patrick) congratulations on all the cash, (He nods) and-and y'know-(Feels Eldad's hair)-Wow! You do have very soft hair! But I would much rather go to the ball all by myself than go through anymore of this! Good-bye! (Grabs her stuff, starts to leave, then turns back suddenly, and to Eldad) Now do you use some sort of special conditioner on that hair?!
Rachel : Thank you! (Storms out.)
Rachel : Oh that's all right! Y'know, I ended up having a really good time. Y'know, the charity was a big success and they raised a lot of money and awareness.
Rachel : I wanna say a disease.
Rachel : Huh. All right. (Rachel does so and it's one of those dance party shows they have during spring break and we see...)
Rachel : Oh-oh Professor Geller.
Rachel : So Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.
Rachel : Huh-Wait so Joey if you get this, you're gonna be like the star of your own TV show! I mean you'll be like the Big Cheese! (To Phoebe) Or the Big Mac-Hey! You love those!
Rachel : Joey, what are you talking about? You're a terrific actor.
Rachel : Ugh, how can you even ask that question?! [And with that we go into the save the budget portion of the show, which features flashbacks from previous episodes. The first set of auditions feature high lights or low lights of Joey's acting career. The first flashback is from The One With The Lesbian Wedding.]
Rachel : ? I'm sorry, what?
Rachel : ? (on the phone) Monica, I'm quitting! I just helped an 81 year old woman put on a thong and she didn't even buy it! (Pause) I'm telling you I'm quitting! That's it! I'm talking to my boss right now! (Pause) Yes I am! (Pause) Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Yes I am! Okay bye, call me when you get this message. (Hangs up.) [The next flashback is from The One With The Dozen Lasagnas, Phoebe is telling everyone but Rachel about the pass Paulo made on her.]
Rachel : Of course he will! But Chandler the most important thing is you forgive yourself!
Rachel : Already? That's pretty bad what you did.
Rachel : I'm sure he will forgive you. Look, we have all been there! Y'know, you fight, you make up, it's just the way it works. [We then go into another set of flashbacks of famous fights. The first is the second breakup of Ross and Rachel from The One With The Jellyfish.]
Rachel : Yeah! You and that girl from that copy place, which yesterday you took full responsibility for!!
Rachel : What?!!
Rachel : (mocking him) You fell asleep?!
Rachel : Y'know I can't believe I even thought about getting back together again! We are so over!!
Rachel : And hey! Just so you know, it's not that common! It doesn't happen to every guy! And it is a big deal!!
Rachel : That is the most ridiculous...
Rachel : I did not sell you out.
Rachel : Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]
Rachel : OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- [Monica flicks her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks Monica] (They keep flicking each other. This turns into slapping each other.)
Rachel : Ow! Ow! Ow!
Rachel : Fine!
Rachel : Okay, Chandler!
Rachel : And your horoscope says, "On the fifth a special someone is going to give you a gift."
Rachel : Op, but the twelfth brings a lover's spat.
Rachel : Oh, wait and on the nineteenth a secret crush announces itself. (Phoebe winks and licks her lips while eyeing Chandler.)
Rachel : (ecstatic) Oh my God! It's Joey Tribbiani of Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!!!!!! (Everyone claps and cheers, Joey mimics looking about with a gun.)
Rachel : Be-because the last one was such a big seller?
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : (To Phoebe) We do?
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Hi, I'm sorry I'm late but I am ready, ready to talk you up! When does Liz's father get here?
Rachel : Oh! Ross is sooo great!
Rachel : (seeing him) Oh hi!
Rachel : Oh! Well let's look for them. (Finds some under one of the couch cushions. It has a pink, fuzzy ball on the key chain.) Oh-oh-hey! Are these them?
Rachel : All right! (Throws them back under the cushion.)
Rachel : Oh good.
Rachel : (chasing after him) Oh, wait! Sorry, Mr. Paul? Mr. Paul?
Rachel : Paul. Umm, I just wanted you to know that Ross really is a great guy.
Rachel : You just don't look old enough to have a twenty-year-old daughter.
Rachel : Oh. We?
Rachel : Oh no! Yes! Of course, I know that! I just-I meant y'know are you still a 'We' or are you just 'You?'
Rachel : (sympathetic) Ohh. So you raised her all on your own?
Rachel : Ohh. (She touches his arm for support and likes what she feels) Ooh!
Rachel : I was just getting him to like you. Commercial Break ?
Rachel : Ross, Joey is not here.
Rachel : Ross, it's okay. You can come out.
Rachel : Bye!
Rachel : Well, y'know he lost his keys so he was looking for them...
Rachel : No! Downstairs! And we got to talking y'know, for like two hours, and I really liked him so I invited him up here for a cup of coffee.
Rachel : Ross, what's the big deal? So I kissed the guy!
Rachel : Wh-You dated my sister!
Rachel : What? Why?!
Rachel : Ross look, look this is good for you. Okay? Let's face it, so far the guy's not lovin' ya! But I can turn that around! I got the inside track! We can all go out to dinner, y'know? And I can talk you up! Ross, the guy is a very, very successful lawyer!
Rachel : Oh it's important!
Rachel : So it seemed that my prom date had stood me up, so Ross selflessly, offered to take me.
Rachel : Wow! I definitely did not see that one backfiring! I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Rachel : Oh we were, but that was just a (pause as the audience reacts), I mean that was just a big drunken mistake.
Rachel : Oh! Whoops! I'm sorry, you were talking about Emily! (Ross slams his head down on the table.)
Rachel : I mean if you think about it, I mean Ross did learn something from each marriage.
Rachel : Now wait a minute that's not fair. He was married to me a hell of a lot longer than he was married to Emily, he just didn't tell me. (Everyone looks at her, Ross not happily.) Maybe I have to pee again. (Gets up to try to use the bathroom.)
Rachel : (returning) Wait-wait-wait, I just thought of another story about how nice Ross is!
Rachel : Oh! I've got a lot of those too! Ending Credits ?
Rachel : What's the matter?
Rachel : (less than enthused) Great.
Rachel : So what-what is the exhibit.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : I mean Ross all that does is remind us that you are interested in fossils.
Rachel : Umm.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Ooh, the gift shop!
Rachel : Oh, wait yes, but I can't eat too much. Paul is taking me out to dinner tonight, he said he has a big surprise planned.
Rachel : What?! No! Why?!
Rachel : I didn't know you could get married here.
Rachel : Oh sorry didn't mean to interrupt. It's just such a beautiful space; do you do a lot of weddings here? The Museum
Rachel : Monica, you should totally put your name down on the list
Rachel : Yeah hon, it can't hurt to put your name down! I mean in if two years if you're not engaged you just don't use it.
Rachel : I'm gonna do it too!
Rachel : Really? Who would, who would you marry?
Rachel : Oh Pheebs.
Rachel : (from another room) Oh my God, what a great surprise! This is such a beautiful house. (Ross with his pants around his ankles tries to run, but Dr. Geller forgets that he has his pants around his ankles and falls down trying to flee.)
Rachel : It's so secluded up here.
Rachel : I feel like we're the only two people in the world. (She sets down her wine class, picks up a walnut, and knocks another one on the floor.) Oops. Sorry. (She reaches down to pick it up and Ross hands it to her. Ross is hiding under the couch and causes Rachel to scream.)
Rachel : No-no! Big bear! Big bear outside! I think I-I-would you-actually, would you go check on that?
Rachel : Well, okay. Would-would you get me a Diet Coke?
Rachel : Okay. (After Paul leaves Rachel drops to the floor to confront Ross.) What?! What are you doing here?!
Rachel : I came with Paul!
Rachel : Get up!
Rachel : Ahh. Thank you!
Rachel : Op, ice. I need ice.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Ugh! Get out! Get out! Go! Come on! (Ross gets up and heads for the kitchen.) No! Not in there! He's in there! (She points Ross to the door next to the kitchen.)
Rachel : Go-go!
Rachel : Ohh, thank you.
Rachel : Well, she-she ob-obviously saw the tire tracks that were leading up to the closed garage.
Rachel : Did-did you come up here to work on that term paper or something?
Rachel : Well, why do y'know go in that room (points to the room Ross is in) and do your homework?
Rachel : That's your, that's your dad's bedroom. (Yelling) That's your dad's bedroom!
Rachel : Whoa, that Diet Coke just went straight to my head! Woo!
Rachel : Really? Okay. Okay, I-I'll go upstairs. (to Paul) If-if you get me something from the car.
Rachel : Surprise me.
Rachel : (yelling) So you're gonna be in the car, I will be upstairs, and that's where everybody's gonna be! (Rachel and Elizabeth go upstairs. Paul starts for the car, but notices his luggage is still out and decides to take in into the bedroom.) [Cut to his bedroom, Ross is listening at the door as Paul opens the door, trapping Ross behind it. With Paul's back turned Ross coils up like a snake and slitters underneath the bed.]
Rachel : (yelling from the living room) Oh wait-wait-wait!! No! Don't go in there! Don't go in there! I need another soda! (Ross frantically starts to open the window as Paul enters and traps him halfway out the window.)
Rachel : Oh my God Ross! What in heaven's name are you doing here?
Rachel : Good. Although y'know, he-he's a private guy. Y'know, I wish I could get him to open up a little bit, share some feelings.
Rachel : So what are you saying; I should run him under hot water and bang his head against a table?
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : (To Phoebe) Okay.
Rachel : Okay. (Gets up and starts to leave with Paul.)
Rachel : Yeah that's great. But first, wait, talk to me, talk to me. Tell me about your day.
Rachel : Okay. Hey, what are you thinking? What are you thinking right now?
Rachel : Yeah that's great Paul, but y'know I wanna know what-(Puts her hands on his shoulders)-Wow, those are really great! I just wanna know what, what is behind this-this strong, silent exterior. Y'know they say that still waters run deep and I wanna swim in yours.
Rachel : No Paul, I don't know anything about you! Y'know, like-like your childhood! Tell me about your childhood!
Rachel : Okay, well then how about puberty! Come on, that's always a painful time! Y'know your friends invite you to a slumber party and then they stick your hand in warm water while you're sleeping so that you pee in your sleeping bag.
Rachel : Well, you're lucky you never met that bitch Sharon Majesky. Anyway, umm... The rest of you life, y'know? Any regrets?
Rachel : All right Paul, I'm not asking for a lot here. Okay? Just give me something. Anything!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : All right.
Rachel : Hm-mmm.
Rachel : That's-that's great! See? I already feel like I know you a little better! Thank you. Okay, come on. Now we can go eat. Let's go. (Gets up to leave, but Paul doesn't move.)
Rachel : Oh! [Time Lapse, Paul is now weeping uncontrollably in Rachel's arms.]
Rachel : Yeah. Yeah, I-I-I see the scare. Listen, Paul, I think this is really great that-that y'know, you shared your feelings. It's really, it's beautiful, but umm, what do you say we go share some food?
Rachel : What?! Wait! What are you talking about?! You love their Kung Pao Chicken!
Rachel : My God, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that! I wouldn't do that! (Paul screams like a chicken and breaks down into tears again.)
Rachel : Oh my God! Oh my God!!
Rachel : Like a little girl. I know. I know. I know. This is all my fault; I wanted him to open up. But God, I didn't know that I was gonna unleash this-this weepy, clingy, moist monster!
Rachel : What's the other one?
Rachel : Oh that's right. You're the talker. (They both reflect on that briefly) Anyway uh, great idea! Umm, I gotta go to the store; I told him that I would buy him some more tissues.
Rachel : No you don't!
Rachel : Hi. I'm back.
Rachel : Ah that's great. No actually that's... (In a sexy voice) That's great! That's really great! Y'know, I gotta tell ya writing, I mean writing, gets me uh, gets me kinda hot.
Rachel : A lover?
Rachel : Oh yeah surfer?
Rachel : Okay, hold on real quick, hold on a second let me just uh, (sits on the counter and buttons her sweater to show some cleavage) get a little more comfortable here. Wait, now wait a second, this isn't too revealing is it?
Rachel : I don't care about the little dude! I can't! I cannot listen to anymore of this! Y'know, the only person who would want to listen to this is a mental health professional! And then it's only because they get paid $100 an hour! Do you know how much money I could've made listening to you? $2,000! And do you know when I figured that out? While you were talking!
Rachel : Oh... I'm sorry. I... I-I don't mean-I didn't mean to stifle you. I... This is all just a little overwhelming.
Rachel : I'm so glad, I'm so glad you shared. (Feeling his shoulder.) And I'm glad that you're done. What do you say we umm... (Nods in the direction of the bedroom.)
Rachel : (who has just entered) Ugh! No more crying! Please! I just dumped one cry baby, I'll dump you too! (Ross and Joey urge Chandler to tell Rachel.)
Rachel : Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh Chandler!! (Hugs him.) You guys are gonna be so happy!
Rachel : (gasps) Nice! One and a half carat easy.
Rachel : Yeah? Well, you should know. You've bought like a billion of 'em.
Rachel : Ohh...
Rachel : (entering) Hey!
Rachel : Are any of you guys free tonight? My boss is hosting this charity event for underprivileged kids and the more people I bring, the better I look. So, Monica? Chandler?
Rachel : Oh my God, I'm so sorry.
Rachel : How about you guys? (Points to Phoebe and Joey.)
Rachel : I think so.
Rachel : Hey! Ross, listen can you come to a charity event tonight?
Rachel : See? Now, he could date her.
Rachel : (breaking up) We're just really...very excited about this charity event that we have to go to.
Rachel : Oh! Thank you!
Rachel : Uh well, uh this is a silent auction. They lay out all the stuff here and then you write down your offer and then the highest bid gets it.
Rachel : (suddenly worried) Uh, wh-why?
Rachel : Oh, hi! Mr.
Rachel : Someone? I brought people. Mr. Thompson, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, this is Mr. Thompson. (She introduces them.) He's the head of my department.
Rachel : And I also brought my friend Joey...
Rachel : Well, y'know I-I don't know where he is. Mr.
Rachel : Well, y'know what? Actually, I was about to bid on this lovely trip to Paris. Mr.
Rachel : Yeah. Mr.
Rachel : Thank you. (Mr. Thompson walks away and after he's left.) Okay, (writing her bid down) twenty dollars.
Rachel : Ugh! So close! (Phoebe returns a with a tray full of different kinds of drinks.)
Rachel : What are you doing?
Rachel : Well now it's an empty bar.
Rachel : What?! What?! What?!
Rachel : Joey! It is an auction! You don't guess, you buy!
Rachel : Joey! Sit down! (Pulls him down.)
Rachel : What were you thinking?!
Rachel : Wh?!
Rachel : Why would a charity give away a free boat?!
Rachel : Ugh!
Rachel : Phoebe, don't you think you've had enough to drink?
Rachel : How is you drinking helping the kids?
Rachel : Joey! Joey, good one! (Mr. Thompson starts to laugh.) Mr.
Rachel : (stopping him) Hey! You...can't...leave Joey! You agreed to buy that boat, all right?! That is a contract! And plus if you leave, my boss is gonna kill me!
Rachel : I know. Okay. (Whispering and thinking.) Okay. Okay. All right. All right, this is what we're gonna do, we are gonna go to the next highest bidder, and we are just gonna let them buy it, and then you're just gonna pay the difference.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Not great.
Rachel : Oh great!
Rachel : (To Phoebe) Why do you care about the guy who won the Paris trip?
Rachel : Oh well, hello. This is your lucky day Mr. Bowmont, the uh gentleman day sailer as just become available again and I believe that you made a bid of $18,000.
Rachel : (To Joey) Okay. Okay. (Shushes him.) Mr.
Rachel : Ohh...
Rachel : Y-Yeah! What-what is your wife's name? Mr.
Rachel : Pam! Oh God okay, just imagine this, "The Pam."
Rachel : Okay, uh-uh imagine this, "The Mr. Bowmont."
Rachel : Okay look, let me paint you a little picture. (She sits down next to him.) All right, you are settin' sail up the Hudson! You've got the wind in your h-(sees that he's bald)-arms! You-you get all that peace and quiet that you've always wanted! You get back to nature! You can go fishin'! You can-ooh, you can get one of those little hats and have people call you captain, and then when you're old, Cappy. Mr.
Rachel : (To Joey) What?! What?!
Rachel : But Joey you don't have $20,000!
Rachel : (entering) Hey! (Sees Monica, gasps, and runs over to her.) Oh my God you're here, let me see your hand!!
Rachel : Isn't it incredible?! Monica and Chandler, gettin' married.
Rachel : Ohh... I mean two best friends falling in love, how often does that happen?
Rachel : No! I'm so happy for them!
Rachel : I'm so happy and not at all jealous.
Rachel : I mean I'm probably 98% happy, maybe 2% jealous. And I mean what's 2%? That's nothing.
Rachel : Yeah me too. (Joey enters looking like Captain Stubing from the Love Boat.)
Rachel : (staring at him) Wh-no, but y'know who did stop in here looking for ya, Tennille.
Rachel : We're gonna find love!
Rachel : Yeah, I'm pretty confident about that. That's what makes it so easy for me to be 80% happy for Monica and Chandler! It would be nice to have a little guarantee though.
Rachel : Well y'know, some people make deals with a friend, like if neither of them are married by the time they're 40, they marry each other.
Rachel : Exactly!
Rachel : You do?
Rachel : Who?
Rachel : Joey?!
Rachel : Are you serious?!
Rachel : Wh... So... If neither of you are married by the time you're 40, you're gonna marry Joey.
Rachel : Oh, seriously?
Rachel : Charming.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Hey you!
Rachel : Oh thank you. Hey y'know, I'm so sorry to hear about you and Elizabeth.
Rachel : Yeah, love. It's a tricky business isn't it?
Rachel : So what do you say we make a pact? If you and I are both single by the time we're 40, we get married. I mean, we know each other, we like each other, and we've-we've already slept together so y'know there'll be no surprises there! You know what I mean? No like, "What's that?!"
Rachel : Exactly.
Rachel : What? Who?
Rachel : Phoebe?! Wait a-but-but she just, she said that Joey was her backup.
Rachel : Ross! I just had a conversation with her, and she said that she and Joey made a deal!
Rachel : Phoebe! You picked Joey and Ross?! You can not have two backups!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Phoebe you can't have both of them! You have to pick one!
Rachel : Oh God, Phoebe!
Rachel : Oh. (She turns her head away and when she's not looking, Phoebe shakes her head and mouths, "No, I'm not." Both Joey and Ross smile, look at each other, and then stop smiling.)
Rachel : Okay, y'know what?! I know-I know how to settle this! All right here, this is what we're gonna do! I'm gonna write Joey on one napkin (does so) and I'm gonna right Ross on the other napkin (does so) and we are going to pick one! And that person is going to be our backup! Okay?
Rachel : Pick one.
Rachel : You're welcome.
Rachel : (reading) Joey! (Pause) We should just switch.
Rachel : Ohhh, this is the least jealous I've ever been!
Rachel : Oh hell, he's done this three times! He knows what its about!
Rachel : Yeah Pheebs, honey, she just got engaged a couple of hours ago. I doubt she?s even had time to?
Rachel : (To Monica) Yeah, you?re on your own.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : (quietly) Oh, thanks.
Rachel : I don?t know, y?know? I feel a little umm? No, y?know what? Nevermind, I?m gonna be fine.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Well thank you, you too.
Rachel : Hey, do you believe this? Do you believe they are actually getting married?
Rachel : Ohh?
Rachel : Yeah, I guess. I-I? I mean, do-do you think we?re ever gonna have that?
Rachel : Oh no-no-no-no-no, no, no! We, you with someone and me with someone.
Rachel : Shake it off.
Rachel : No, absolutely. Y?know like it was umm?
Rachel : Yeah, just give me a minute! (Thinking) Oh well, yes, I can think of one good thing.
Rachel : Well you uh, you were always really good at the uh, at the uh the stuff.
Rachel : Uh-hmm, uh-hmm, yeah, yeah, I really liked your hands.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : Oh, I know. Hey, y?know what we never did? (Ross looks at her.) Oh no, not that. (Ross nods okay.) We uh, we never had bonus night!
Rachel : Y?know, bonus night. Y?know, when two people break up but they get back together for just one night.
Rachel : Yeah-yeah, we never had that,
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh honey, but it is just about?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Yeah. No. And you know what? Nobody even saw!
Rachel : Honey I swear it we just kissed.
Rachel : Okay come on Phoebe, it?s nothing! Monica, come on!
Rachel : No!
Rachel : No-no, it?s really not huge.
Rachel : Joey, you are not! You?re 31.
Rachel : Honey, Monica, this is ridiculous! Look?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : What do you think Monica mean when she said she didn?t want to talk, especially with me? I mean, why not especially you and me? We were both out there kissing.
Rachel : Come on! Serious-ser-ser-seriously, what did she mean by that? (Mimicking Monica.) Especially you!
Rachel : I care!
Rachel : Y?know what, I-I have to go talk to her, would you let me just get changed?
Rachel : Am I going to let you watch me undress?
Rachel : Monica, what did you mean before when you said you didn?t want to talk to anyone, especially me?
Rachel : No-no, seriously-seriously, what was the especially me part about?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Monica, what are you talking about?
Rachel : Monica, y?know what? The only reason I did that was because your party was so boring!
Rachel : Oh!!
Rachel : Monica, your Sweet Sixteen was like a million years ago.
Rachel : Ugh, Monica I don?t want to steal your stupid thunder!
Rachel : All right, easy mimey, the moment has passed, it ain?t gonna happen!
Rachel : I swear, I never wanted any part of your night!
Rachel : (ignoring them) Monica, why? Why would I ever want to take away from your night?
Rachel : Oh wow. That?y?know what? That is so unfair. Y?know what? Now I want to steal your thunder! Come on Ross, let?s go have sex! (Ross tries to dismiss it by making that sound, but decides to go for it and follows Rachel.)
Rachel : We?re not gonna do this, all right? She?s just gonna think that we?re doin? it.
Rachel : Who is it?
Rachel : Okay well Ross! Stop it please! Wait a minute! (Motions for him to follow her lead, but he angrily shakes his head no. So she pokes him.)
Rachel : Yeah, you like that baby? (Monica bursts in followed by Chandler.) May we help you?
Rachel : All right Monica, do you want to know why I was with Ross tonight?!
Rachel : No you don?t know why!
Rachel : Because! Because I was sad.
Rachel : Look, I am so?so happy for you guys, but you getting married just reminds me of the fact that I?m not. I?m not even close. And I don?t know, maybe I just wanted to make myself feel better. And I know that that?s dumb, but oh my God you were so depressed when Ross got married that you slept with Chandler! (Ross looks at Chandler.)
Rachel : Anyway sweetie, I am, I?m so sorry I ruined your night.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Yeah, so let's get started on the wedding plans!
Rachel : Yeah, we got a lot to do! We gotta think about the flowers, the caterers, the music...
Rachel : Oh wait Chandler, too many cooks...
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Aw.
Rachel : What?! The duck?! What the hell did the damn duck do now?!
Rachel : Joey, there is a perfectly good couch across the hall!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Now Joey, what did the duck do?!
Rachel : Hey Joey, what 'cha doing?
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Joey, did you eat my face cream? (She walks into her bedroom.)
Rachel : Joey, (nervously) where did you learn that word?
Rachel : (gasps) You found my book?!
Rachel : Joey, what-what are you doing going into my bedroom?!
Rachel : Hey-hey, y'know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed of my book. There's nothing with a woman enjoying a little...erotica. It's just a healthy expression of female sexuality, which by the way, you will never understand. (She goes into her room.)
Rachel : Well what happened at dinner?
Rachel : Wait, but there's no money! Well this is terrible! You guys are gonna have to get married in like a, rec. center!
Rachel : No, y'know what? It's gonna be okay. I mean you don't have to have this rustic Italian feast. Y'know? And-and you don't need, you don't need this custom-made, empire waisted, duchess, satin gown; you can wear off the rack. (She starts to cry, as does Monica.)
Rachel : Do you even understand what off the rack means?!
Rachel : Well what?! How-how much is it?!
Rachel : Ohh! (Whispers.) Really?!
Rachel : (starting to cry) Ohh, you guys are so made for each other.
Rachel : (quietly) Joey.
Rachel : Uh-huh, I get it, smoke, chimney, chimney sweep, very funny, ha-ha.
Rachel : Well no, I don't smell anything.
Rachel : Nothing!
Rachel : Y'know, I can not believe you told him, Joey!
Rachel : Uh-huh, yeah I did, because I wore out my first copy when I was with you. (Exits.)
Rachel : Who are you supposed to be?
Rachel : Do you even know what a vicar is?
Rachel : (sarcastically) Yeah. Look Joey, it's enough all right?! You keep making these stupid jokes and this sleazy innuendoes and it's-I'm not-it's just not funny anymore!
Rachel : All right! Y'know what? That's it! You wanna do it?! Let's do it!
Rachel : (starting to move closer to him) That's right, I wanna do it with you! I've been trying to fight it, but you just said all the right things.
Rachel : (moves the stool out of the way) Yeah! Ohh, I've been waitin' so long to get on that body!
Rachel : Yeah that's right! Come on Joey; sex me up!
Rachel : Oh, come on now, don't keep me waiting. Get those clothes off! But, I would keep that helmet on because you're in for a rough ride! (He backs into the door.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Yeah, what?
Rachel : Yeah-yeah, did-didn?t you use to have a pair? They were really round, burgundy, and they made you look kind of umm?
Rachel : Yes!
Rachel : Oh, y?know what you should get ?em? One of those little uh, portable CD players.
Rachel : Yeah, and-and-and by someone, she means Joey.
Rachel : Y?know Joey, I could teach you to sail if you want.
Rachel : Yeah! I?ve been sailing my whole life. When I was fifteen my dad bought me my own boat.
Rachel : What?! What?! He was trying to cheer me up! My pony was sick.
Rachel : That is the Coast Guard.
Rachel : Joey, just ignore the boats all right? We?re not finished with the lesson yet.
Rachel : Okay, I?m just gonna go over the basic points just one more time, are you ready?
Rachel : Oh, okay. Is that what you want to do? You wanna go over and give a little shout out to the old, hot chickas? Okay, let?s do that Sailor Joe. Quick question though, (grabs some of the rigging) what?s this called?
Rachel : Wrong! How do you get the mainsail up?
Rachel : No. What do you do if I say we are coming about?
Rachel : Time?s up, now your dead.
Rachel : Okay, you just go on and make your little jokey-jokes, but if you do not know what you are doing out at sea you will die at sea. Am I getting through to you sailor?! (She punctuates each word by slapping him on the forehead.)
Rachel : Don?t just say yes! This isn?t a game, Joey you can really get hurt out here. Okay, so do you want to pay attention or do you want to die?!
Rachel : (laughing) Yeah, and-and you better make sure he tips you this time.
Rachel : I don?t know. Y?know, they didn?t get us anything.
Rachel : Well hello! So, when are we gettin? back out on the water matey?
Rachel : Why not?
Rachel : What? I was just trying to teach you.
Rachel : Excuse me, I wanted you to help, but you couldn?t move your arms because you were wearing three life jackets.
Rachel : Look Joey, I?m sorry if-if you thought that was mean, but I gotta tell ya something. That was not mean. Okay, my father is mean. He used to yell at me all the time on the boat, I mean it was horrible. I was just being a good teacher.
Rachel : Well, does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Rachel : Yeah, I didn?t want you to get hit by the boom!
Rachel : All right, y?know what? I-I?m sorry. I will try to tone it down and uh stop yelling.
Rachel : I won?t boss you around.
Rachel : And, I?ll be nice.
Rachel : And?Joey!
Rachel : Okay Joey honey, you?re doing really good! All right, now I?m just gonna need you to step to the port side. (Joey pauses as he tries to remember which side is the port side.) Remember? Remember how we talked about the port side?
Rachel : Right?
Rachel : It?s left sweetie, but that?s okay sweetie, that?s a tough one.
Rachel : Okay, go to the left. (Joey goes starboard or sits on the right side of the boat.) The left!
Rachel : (yelling) Just sit over there!! (Points to the port side.)
Rachel : No! No-no, no-no-no, very quiet, said with love, no yelling.
Rachel : Okay Joey, we?re luffing a little bit, so could you tighten up the cunningham? (The mainsail has started to flap in the wind and has stopped working efficiently; she wants him to tighten it so that it starts working again.)
Rachel : Joey, come on! We just went over this! (She does it instead.)
Rachel : (angrily) No! All right?! I did not see the bird! I did not see the fish! I did not see the piece of Styrofoam that was shaped like Mike Tyson! I did not, because I was trying to teach you how to sail a boat! Which obviously is an impossible thing to do!
Rachel : What do you mean you quit?! You can?t quit!
Rachel : Because you?re not finished yet and I won?t have it! Greens do not quit!
Rachel : Oh my God, wait did I?I just said Greens don?t quit didn?t I? (Pause) (Angrily) Did I just say Greens don?t quit?!
Rachel : No! No! No! I?m not yelling at you, I?m just yelling near you. Oh God Joey, ohh I?m my father. Oh my God, this is horrible! I?ve been trying so hard not to be my mother I did not see this comin?. Oh, Joey, I?m sorry. I?m so sorry. I just wanted you to learn.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Awww?
Rachel : Left.
Rachel : Well Joey, I hate to admit it, your way of sailing is a lot more fun.
Rachel : Ohh we?re not sailing.
Rachel : All right. (She does so and it brings the cooler closer together.) Hey-hey-hey!! (Sees what?s in the cooler.) Sandwiches!
Rachel : (hands him one) Here you go.
Rachel : Oh wow! (She takes a bite, but holds the sandwich vertically so that the stuff falls out.)
Rachel : Ohh, sorry.
Rachel : Ohh whoops.
Rachel : That?s nice.
Rachel : Well that was umm?Okay.
Rachel : Ohh no you don?t! You got lighting last time, lighting is mine!
Rachel : What are you gonna do Pheebs?
Rachel : (entering, excitedly) Oh! Hi you guys, oh my God! You?ll never gonna believe happened to me today! I am sitting in my office and?
Rachel : Joey! Kinda in the middle of a story here!
Rachel : Okay, so anyway I?m sittin? in my office and guess who walks in.
Rachel : Joey!
Rachel : Yeah! Guess who walks into my office is the end of my story. (To Monica and Phoebe) It was Ralph Lauren! (Monica and Phoebe gasp) Ralph Lauren walked into my office!
Rachel : It?s the same story.
Rachel : (ignoring him) Anyway, Ralph just came in to tell me that he?s so happy with my work that he wants me to be the new merchandising manager for polo retail.
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : I got?I get a big pay raise!
Rachel : I get to hire my own assistant! Monica and
Rachel : (reading the resume) And you were at this job for four years?
Rachel : Okay, well this is all very impressive Hilda, um I just have one last question for you. Uh, how did I do? Was this okay?
Rachel : I?ve never interviewed anyone before. I?ve actually never had anyone work for me before. Although when I was a kid, we did have a maid, but this is-this isn?t the same thing.
Rachel : No. Yeah, and I know that. All right, well thank you so much for coming in it was nice to meet you.
Rachel : All right. (Hilda exits) I?m a total pro! (There?s a knock on the door and a handsome man enters.)
Rachel : (seeing him) Wow! H-umm! Hi! Yes, uh I?m sorry the models are actually down the hall.
Rachel : Really?! (Taking his resume) Okay well then, all right, well just have a seat there. Umm, so what?s?what is?what?s your name?
Rachel : Uh-huh, go on.
Rachel : That?s your whole name, okay of course it is! Okay, well let?s-let?s just have a look-see here. (Looking at his resume)
Rachel : Oh come on, what are you talking about? You?ve got three years painting houses. Two whole summers at T.G.I. Friday?s, come on!
Rachel : Okay, hold on just a second. (She grabs a camera out of the desk and takes his picture.) I?m sorry, it?s for human resources, everybody has to do it. Could you just stand up please?
Rachel : Chandler, you have an assistant right?
Rachel : No, I-I just don?t know how you decide who to hire. I mean I?ve got it narrowed down to two people. One of them has great references and a lot of experience and then there?s this guy?
Rachel : I love him. He?s so pretty I wanna cry! I don?t know what to do. Tell me what to do.
Rachel : Uh-huh. No, I hear what you?re saying and-and-and that makes a lot of sense but can I just say one more thing? (Takes out his picture.) Look how pretty!
Rachel : Okay you?re right. I?ll hire Hilda tomorrow. Dumb old perfect for the job Hilda!
Rachel : Hi! Tag. What are you doing here?
Rachel : Kinda.
Rachel : Oh-ohh, thank you.
Rachel : Well?
Rachel : But I hired you!
Rachel : Yeah! You-you got the job! You?re my new assistant!
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Me either. Umm, all right, first thing I need you to do is go downstairs and find a women named Hilda and tell her to go home.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Ohh, my new assistant is working out, yes.
Rachel : Oh, my-my new assistant has very happy that I hired my new assistant. (The phone rings and Joey answers it.)
Rachel : I?m sorry Joey.
Rachel : Well wait a minute, what happened to Days of Our Lives?
Rachel : Joey, why would you do that?
Rachel : Tag? (He turns and looks at her.) Hi, who was that?
Rachel : Really? (Giggles.) (Phoebe rounds the corner.)
Rachel : Yeah, this is Tag. Tag, this is Phoebe. Phoebe, can I see you for a second? (Goes into office.)
Rachel : (grabbing Phoebe) Okay. We?ll be right back. (They go into her office and she closes the door.)
Rachel : All right I know, I know how it looks Pheebs, but I?m telling you?
Rachel : Yes, I know that. I know that. And I know that hiring him was probably not the smartest thing that I?ve ever done. But I?m telling you, from this moment on I swear this is strictly professional. (There?s a knock on the door.) Yes? (Kathy enters (Because she?s listed in the credits).)
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Gay? Yeah. (Kathy leaves dejectedly.)
Rachel : (noticing him) Hi! (Puts the pictures away.)
Rachel : Well yeah, sure, what?s up?
Rachel : Oh really?!
Rachel : Oh, did you not want people to know that?
Rachel : Why?s that?
Rachel : Ohh, you can say. Come on, I don?t want you to feel like you can?t tell me things. (Motions for him to sit down.)
Rachel : ?Kay.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Hey look-look, Phoebe?s talking to uh, Cute Coffeehouse Guy.
Rachel : Hey, I thought that guy was married.
Rachel : Phoebe, if this guy?s going through a divorce, is it such a good idea to start going out with him?
Rachel : Oh, I gotta get back to work.
Rachel : Yeah but, my assistant Tag does sit-ups in the office during lunch. Ohh! I could just spread him on a cracker.
Rachel : Oh no, I know that. I know that. Although, we made a joke that we spend so much time together he should call me his work wife.
Rachel : I am not gonna get fired, because I?m not gonna act on it.
Rachel : Why? Is he? He is! Isn?t he? He?s dating that slut in marketing!
Rachel : Oh, no sit-ups today Tag?
Rachel : Oh, well drop and give me ten more!
Rachel : Uh, I-I had a drink with lunch. Did those cost reports come in?
Rachel : Oh, great could you make me four copies of those? (He gets up to make the copies leaving Rachel alone with his stuff. She notices his sweater in his backpack and holds it up to her nose as Melissa, a coworker, walks up.)
Rachel : (startled) Ahh, hi! Hi! Melissa, what?s up? I?m just uh, about to umm, go out to the store to get some stuff to put in my backpack. Y?know, like dried fruit and granola and stuff. What?s up? (She has put on the backpack.)
Rachel : No. Why?
Rachel : Really?! Got a little crush on Tag there do ya?
Rachel : Okay, whoa-whoa easy there Melissa! This ain?t a locker room, okay? But, y?know I remember him saying that-that he had plans tonight.
Rachel : Oh yeah. All right, back to work.
Rachel : Yeah Melissa, I don?t want to be known as the uh, office bitch, but I will call your supervisor. (Melissa beats a hasty retreat.)
Rachel : Hi Joey! What are you doing here?
Rachel : Yeah, sure. Umm?here. (Hands him one.)
Rachel : Yeah, I don?t think so Joe.
Rachel : Hey, listen umm, what-what are you doing tonight?
Rachel : How would you feel about taking out my assistant Tag? I?ll pay.
Rachel : I?m not asking you to go on a date with him!
Rachel : Joey, just-just he-he?s new in town and I know he doesn?t have any guy friends. Just take him to like a ball game or something. I?ll really appreciate it.
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Hi Tag! Hey, so did you have fun with uh, with Joey last night?
Rachel : Ohh that?s nice.
Rachel : Wo-women? You mean like old women?
Rachel : (Pause) Oh.
Rachel : That?s great! Wow man, so Joey must?ve really taught you some stuff huh?
Rachel : Yeah? (A beautiful women walks up.)
Rachel : (entering) Hi!
Rachel : So uh, heard you had some fun with Tag last night.
Rachel : Yeah and you had fun teaching him how to be all Joey.
Rachel : Y?know, all the women.
Rachel : All right, would-would you mind just not going out with him again? Okay, just the idea of you and he and all these women, it?s just?And I know he?s my assistant and I can?t date him?but it just bothers me, all right?!
Rachel : All right, will you, will you at least tell him how hollow and unsatisfying this, dating tons of women thing is!
Rachel : I just don?t want him to meet anybody until I am over my crush?And I will get over it. It?s-it?s not like I love him, it?s just physical! But?I mean I get crushes like this all the time! I mean hell, I had a crush on you when I first met ya!
Rachel : Yeah. Sure. (Joey nods his head questioningly and Rachel nods no.)
Rachel : (To Joey) So, will you talk to him?
Rachel : Oh, come on! I?ll give you ten free Ralph Lauren shirts.
Rachel : Hi! (He hands her, her mail) Thanks, hey so uh what?d you do last night?
Rachel : Oh yeah? Another night of birdogging the chickas?
Rachel : Wow! I did not see that coming.
Rachel : Oh no, yes I do! I do! I mean, come on go on, you were, you were saying I am happier when uh, y?know?
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Sp-spoil?
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : Well, I-I?m startin? too.
Rachel : Yes! Hell yes!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : I?d love to!
Rachel : (panics, turns around, picks up the phone, and pretend to talk on it) Hello?! (Listens) Oh, yeah! (To Tag) This is gonna be a while. Excuse me. (Tag leaves and she closes the door behind him, disgustedly.) Yeah!
Rachel : Oh my God! This is it! (She and Phoebe hold hands.) (To Phoebe) I really hope it?s you!
Rachel : Me too!
Rachel : Okay, bla-bla-bla-bla!! Who is it?!
Rachel : Hypothetically!
Rachel : Uh-hmm.
Rachel : Yeah that?s actually a pretty good idea.
Rachel : Well of course we will help you decide! We will do anything we can to help you! Now, I would like to make a toast, to the future Mrs. Chandler Bing (A woman at the table behind them overhears Chandler?s name and starts listening closer), my best friend, and truly one of the nicest people that?
Rachel : Fine! (The woman gets up and walks over to their table.)
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Really?!
Rachel : Oh my God Phoebe! I mean I?m just?Wait a minute. If I?m your maid of honor that means you are Monica?s.
Rachel : Ohh! No way Phoebe! I want to be Monica?s!
Rachel : Why does it matter so much to you?!
Rachel : What-what if I marry Ross?Or Joey?
Rachel : Yeah but Phoebe?
Rachel : Okay. Okay. It?s?since you?ve never done it before you can be Monica?s made of honor.
Rachel : I?m gonna marry someone good y?know.
Rachel : Better than Chandler. (Phoebe exhales as if to say, "Like what isn?t?")
Rachel : Phoebe is gonna be Monica?s maid of honor!
Rachel : (shocked) You have been maid of honor before?!!
Rachel : All right that?s it! I am maid of honor!
Rachel : How come you are?!
Rachel : Oh, come on! This is crazy! Can?t we just flip a coin?!
Rachel : Okay. Okay fine, y?know what? We will let Ross and Joey decide. (Ross enters.) (In a sexy voice.) Hiiiii, Ross! Sweetie.
Rachel : Okay, uh?
Rachel : ?it?s gonna be okay!
Rachel : Look Monica, getting cold feet is very common. Y?know, it?s-it?s just because of all the anticipation and you just have to remember that you love Chandler. And also, I ran out on a wedding. You don?t get to keep the gifts.
Rachel : Thanks!
Rachel : Thank you judges.
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Wait a minute! She just made a scene in the middle of the ceremony!
Rachel : Ohh, wait a minute, we haven?t pre?
Rachel : Okay! Okay! Umm, Webster?s Dictionary defines marriage as? (Ross and Joey start writing.) Okay!! Forget that! That sucks!! Okay, never mind! Forget it! Umm, umm, okay, uh? I met, I-I met, I met Monica when we were just a couple of six year olds and I became friends with Chandler when he was 25, although he seemed like a six year old. Ross and
Rachel : Thank you. Thank you very much. Umm, I?ve known them separately and I?ve known them together and-and to know them as a couple is to know that you are truly in the presence of love. So I would like to raise my glass (Grabs a glass and holds it up) to Monica and Chandler and the beautiful adventure they are about to embark upon together. I can think of no two people better prepared for the journey.
Rachel : Aw, thanks!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Well then I demand a recount! (Hmm, I wonder where I?ve heard that before.)
Rachel : No! Y?know what? No! No! You thing was so stupid anyway, this was ridiculous?We?re gonna flip a coin! (Phoebe gasps.) All right?! (She flips the coin.) Heads! (Looks at the coin and grunts in disgust.)
Rachel : Well y?know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her, her vegetarian, voodoo, goddess circley shower! (Runs out.)
Rachel : Hi Pheebs.
Rachel : Hi! I just want to apologize. I?m really sorry I was a baby.
Rachel : Yeah. Yeah, and y?know you-you deserve to win. And-and y?know I was thinking about it, if-if you?re Monica?s maid of honor that means I get to be yours.
Rachel : Yeah! Oh, umm when-when Monica and Chandler got engaged I started putting some stuff together, y?know just in case?
Rachel : Here is a book of poetry that I know Monica loves. And-and ohh God this is funny, look, this is a picture of one Halloween where she dressed up as a bride. (Shows Phoebe the picture.) And look, she made me carry her train, which was weird because I was Wonder Woman. Oh and here?s a little purse that I found. (Hands her the purse) Y?know I just thought that maybe they could hold the rings in there.
Rachel : And umm, vintage handkerchiefs y?know ?cause, people cry at weddings. (Starting to cry.) I?m just gonna grab a couple of these.
Rachel : Oh, I forgot this was in here. Umm, this was the uh garter that I was saving for my wedding and I wanted it to be Monica?s something borrowed and it?s blue. (Starts to cry again.) Yeah?
Rachel : You do? Why?
Rachel : But Pheebs, y?know you earned it.
Rachel : No, I was ten. I just developed early.
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Yeah okay, you laugh now, but she?s gonna be yours. (Phoebe gets suddenly scared.) Ending Credits
Rachel : Hi! Oh, how was your date last night?
Rachel : Oh good. (She walks to the closed bathroom door, opens it, and finds a naked woman wrapped in a towel.) Ahhh! My God, sorry! (She closes the door and confronts Joey.)
Rachel : What-what?! You?re gonna leave this person with me?!
Rachel : Why?! What?! Are you kidding?!
Rachel : Y?know what? That?s a lot to remember, can?t I just tell her you?re a pig?
Rachel : Well forget it, I?m not telling that girl anything. That is not my responsibility.
Rachel : Hi. Joey?s
Rachel : Yeah, Joey kinda disabled it when I moved in. Joey?s
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : (pause) Would you like some pancakes? Opening Credits
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Yeah, we ended up spending the day together and had such a great time!
Rachel : I know!
Rachel : Oh and I?ll call ya too!
Rachel : Bye! (Joey closes the door behind her.)
Rachel : Oh Joey, I?m sorry I just couldn?t tell her all those things you wanted me to tell her. And y?know we got to talking and I?
Rachel : Cupid.
Rachel : Look Joey, come on she?s so perfect for you! I mean she?s sweet, she-she likes baseball, and she-she had two beers at lunch.
Rachel : Yeah, maybe if you gave this girl a chance it would go somewhere.
Rachel : Fine. (They start to walk away.)
Rachel : Phoebe!
Rachel : I?m sorry?
Rachel : Oh my God! Did you get to see anything good?
Rachel : Yeah, there was. It was?there the corner of the library where-where all these dusty books that nobody ever read?Yes, there was.
Rachel : Well now what?s the rush?
Rachel : Well look who?s here!
Rachel : Hi! Well, we were just about to take off and see a movie. Oh no!
Rachel : Oh Phoebe, we forgot that party we have to go to.
Rachel : A birthday party.
Rachel : Allison?s birthday party.
Rachel : 32. (Joey?s not buying it.)
Rachel : (does a retching sound) Wait a minute! Why don?t you guys do something?!
Rachel : How did it go with Erin?
Rachel : (gasps) Oh my God! Listen to you talkin? about having kids. Oh my Joey. (She goes over and hugs him.) Oh, please don?t get married before I do.
Rachel : So how?s it goin? with Joey?
Rachel : Okay? Wait okay, tell-tell me that you like him, please? I mean tell me that you like him.
Rachel : But you said that you liked him! I mean what happened?! Did ya just change your mind?!
Rachel : Ugh, tramp!
Rachel : Yeah, see ya.
Rachel : Wow. Well, I guess it was Cupid who brought her here.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh no, yeah.
Rachel : Jo-Joey, look honey we-we need to talk okay? Umm, I kinda got the feeling from her today that uh, she?s not lookin? for a serious relationship.
Rachel : Well, she told me. She said she?s kinda a loner.
Rachel : Joey?
Rachel : Yeah and honey I promise next time that I will just say good-bye and tell ?em you?re not looking for a relationship.
Rachel : Well that too. (Joey goes into his room.) Joey?
Rachel : Do you want some pancakes?
Rachel : All right, I got 48.
Rachel : (counting the place settings) How come we have one extra place setting?
Rachel : Oh, right. Sorry. But Tag's not coming; his girlfriend came into town, so he's spending Thanksgiving with her.
Rachel : Well, I was going to, but then I figured, you know... you're food is so delicious and perfect, you can never have too many of those pumpkin things.
Rachel : Seriously, it's moving!
Rachel : (gets up and opens the door) Hi Tag! What are you doing here?
Rachel : Well, sure! Come in! (He enters) Well, what-what happened to your girlfriend?
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry.
Rachel : Wait a minute. Do you not like all dogs? I mean, not even puppies?
Rachel : Oh, wait before you guys go, can I just ask you a question?
Rachel : When a guy breaks up with his girlfriend, what is an appropriate amount of time to wait before you make a move?
Rachel : Interesting.
Rachel : Huh. A moo-point?
Rachel : (to Monica and Phoebe) Have I been living with him for too long, or did that all just make sense?
Rachel : You're right, I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay, that's what I'm gonna do.
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : How are you holding up?
Rachel : Yeah? I'm sorry about your girlfriend.
Rachel : So were you guys together a long time?
Rachel : Now that she broke up with you?
Rachel : Yeah. Hmmmm.
Rachel : No?Yeah, all the time, constantly. It's terrifying. But you know that I figure it?it has to work out.
Rachel : Because, uh?it has to.
Rachel : Yeah, I know, I do. I really do.
Rachel : Well, what is a boss for? Hug it out! (They hug)
Rachel : Uh, yeah, well, see, he? Joey knows, that I'm-I'm very insecure about my back and, and?you're hugging me, so obviously you are not repulsed by it, yeah!
Rachel : No? (He shakes his head) All right, here's the truth um, Joey said what he said, because um, I'm attracted to you.
Rachel : Yeah, I admit it. I have a crush on you, and uh, and, and I know that's crazy because we work together, and-and nothing could ever happen, and the last thing I want to do is-is to freak you out or make you feel uncomfortable. Which is why it would be really great if you said something right about now.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Okay, that's gonna take them a minute. Do you have anything else you wanna get off your chest?
Rachel : (she hurries after him) Wait, we still have time to talk and they?re-they're not even in the car yet! (She takes a quick look down the street.) Oh look, there they go, okay. (She hurries in, too)
Rachel : Yeah, ohh! Why, damnit, why did I open my mouth? (In a girlish voice) I have a crush on you; I am attracted to you. (Back to normal again) Gee, I-I know that I freaked him out
Rachel : (gasps) Hi!
Rachel : (uncovers the dog) Hi!
Rachel : Oh, hi! How are you doing?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Look, um, I think we should talk about what happened on the terrace.
Rachel : Ah, I-I never should have said what I said. It?y?know what? It just doesn't matter how I feel. I mean we work together, so nothing could really ever happen between us, and what I would love is just to go to work on Monday, and-and never talk about this again, okay? Big day Monday lots to do. So, we're okay?
Rachel : Oh, god, I know it, that I freaked you out.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Okay, well, that's one less thing we have to do on Monday. Ending Credits
Rachel : (entering, happily) Gooood morning!!
Rachel : Well, why shouldn?t I be? I have great friends! I have a wonderful job!
Rachel : Come on, it?s not a big deal! We stayed up all night coming up with a plan so that us dating will not be a problem.
Rachel : (pauses as she thinks and exhales loudly) We? We are not? ?going to let it? be a problem.
Rachel : Well y?know, we did other stuff too. (Joey and Chandler start to giggle.)
Rachel : Oh Monica come on, y?know I don?t sleep with guys on the first date!
Rachel : Anymore!!
Rachel : Hi. Tag, I have a conference call today is that correct?
Rachel : Okay, thank you. That?ll be all. (The mail guy leaves and Tag starts to follow, but Rachel stops him.) (Excitedly) Wait! Wait! (Rushes over and closes the office-door.) Did you see that? That mail guy had no idea there was something going on between us. (They kiss.)
Rachel : Okay, you hard worker! I?ll remember to put that in your evaluation.
Rachel : Well, you?ve been here for two months now and your boss is required to hand in a performance evaluation. But y?know, there is one thing that I have yet to evaluate. (She turns around and sweeps the stuff off of her desk and hops up onto it.)
Rachel : No, I?ve just always wanted to do that. Can you help me clean this up?
Rachel : (hugging him) So did you read your evaluation yet?
Rachel : (worried) Okay please, you?re kidding right?! I wrote that one as a joke for you!
Rachel : I?m thinkin? no.
Rachel : Umm, I said I thought you were a good kisser, and uh, and that I like your tiney-tiny touchie.
Rachel : Well, it gets worse. When asked if you take initiative I wrote, "Yes, he was able to unhook my bra with minimal supervision," and under Problems with Performance I wrote, "Dear God, I hope not," and then uh, then I drew a little smiley face, and then a small pornographic sketch.
Rachel : Maybe it?s not as bad as I think. Y?know, maybe they didn?t take it the way I meant it.
Rachel : Ugh, I just gotta get the thing back!
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Oh my God! Joey!
Rachel : Ugh!
Rachel : Okay, I think we can get the evaluation back before they see it, but we?re gonna have to get into Mr. Zelner?s office. Now, he doesn?t get in until 10, so he?s no problem, but his assistant, Betty, she comes in early to eat her breakfast at her desk.
Rachel : Yeah, well Betty?s kinda sad. Which is why I believe I can lure her away with these chocolates. (Holding up the box of chocolates.) Now, while I distract her, you get in the office.
Rachel : Let?s roll! (They start towards the door but are stopped when Mr. Zelner enters.) Mr.
Rachel : (worried and shocked) Yeah, sure Mr. Zelner, for you anything?minute. Okay. Fine. (To Tag) Abort the plan, abort the plan. (She start to usher Tag out.) Mr.
Rachel : Okay. Uh, well can we, can we get you anything Mr. Zelner? Maybe some chocolates? (Holds up the box.) Mr.
Rachel : (laughs) Oh my God. Can you imagine if there was?! I mean, (getting serious) what would happen exactly. Mr.
Rachel : Well?
Rachel : Oh no-no-no?
Rachel : You?re lookin? at it upside down?y?know what? (Grabs the evaluation and throws it out.) It doesn?t matter. Mr.
Rachel : Whoa! I can?t believe you did that. That was really sweet.
Rachel : No, you could?ve lost your job.
Rachel : Thank you! You?re great! (They kiss.)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : I? It just?it took me so long to get that desk organized.
Rachel : (looking at his butt) There it is. (They hug.)
Rachel : (freaking out) Oh my god!!
Rachel : You may need to use this year to teach Ben about Phoebe.
Rachel : (to Monica) Did you know he was in there?
Rachel : (entering) Hey!
Rachel : Drums?
Rachel : (stopping at Phoebe?s entrance) Ha!
Rachel : Joey, y?know that you could just not throw the sticks up in the air.
Rachel : What are you talking about? I love them! (Looks into the cage) Yeah, I had a tarantula when I was a kid. But it-it died, because my cat ate it. And then, then my cat died. But Joey, isn't this cool?
Rachel : Oh, isn't that adorable? Joey is afraid of the tarantula.
Rachel : What? Wait-wait a minute, what? Phoebe, what's the matter?
Rachel : And that makes you angry because?
Rachel : Where did you get that?
Rachel : Phoebe?
Rachel : Did you get all this stuff for Joey to try and drive me out of the apartment? Honey, if you wanted to do that, you might as well just gotten him a fish, you know how fish freaked me out!
Rachel : It wouldn't have mattered anyway, Phoebe, you and I are, are gonna live together, we're roommates; that's the deal.
Rachel : Oh, it's so much more fun with you.
Rachel : We did!
Rachel : Oh, I would love to!
Rachel : Good, good, good, good, good. (She runs to the drums and gets the sticks)
Rachel : (with the sticks in her hands) Um... (She goes to the tarantula-cage and puts the sticks into it) Done!
Rachel : Oh wow! Look at this place!
Rachel : (yelling from another room) Oh my God!
Rachel : (returning) Okay, remember uh, remember how you told me that your grandmother put up that wall to make that into two bedrooms?
Rachel : And remember how you always said you were afraid the landlord would find out and then tear it down?
Rachel : Do you really not know where I?m going with this? (Phoebe nods, "No.") It left! It?s one huge room!
Rachel : See?
Rachel : You can?t, because of the new skylight!
Rachel : So what should we do? Should we start looking for a new place?
Rachel : Oh yeah? Startin? to feel her again there are we?
Rachel : Pheebs is your grandmother maybe saying that you should live here alone?
Rachel : Phoebe, it?s okay. I like living with Joey.
Rachel : Oh please, I hate packing, it?s closer to work, and we do have fun. Although, I?m really gonna miss living with you.
Rachel : I know. (They hug.) Oh-oh, wait did you hear that-hear that? Listen, I?m gettin? something from your grandmother, she said that since you get to keep the one bedroom apartment you should give Rachel the purple chair?
Rachel : (entering with Phoebe) Hey!
Rachel : (seeing the collection of characters.) Wow! It looks like the Easter Bunny?s funeral in here.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : I got it!
Rachel : Its back in cage!
Rachel : (Comes in the front door and walks towards the kitchen.) Hi.
Rachel : Oh, y?know I'm not that much of a sweet tooth. I?(Chandler puts a forkful of the cheesecake in her mouth.)?Wow. My God, so creamy. Oh my God, this is the best cheesecake I have ever had. Where did you get this? (She reaches over to look at the label on the box.)
Rachel : Chandler, this is not addressed to you. This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs. (Gasping) Thief.
Rachel : Why, why not?
Rachel : Chandler, you stole this cheesecake. That is wrong.
Rachel : (taking a bite) Oh, I?m sorry what? Opening Credits
Rachel : Umm, I think he?s still out. What?s wrong?
Rachel : (reading the note) "Pheebs, can?t make it, got a date. Talk to you later. Big Daddy." (Laughs) Big Daddy?
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : So just bring it back downstairs, what?s the problem?
Rachel : Are you serious?! Chandler, we ate an entire cheesecake two days ago and you want more?
Rachel : It was cheesecake. It was fine. It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust, with a very rich yet light, cream cheese filling? (Pause) Wow! My whole mouth just filled with saliva!
Rachel : Yeah and we?ll drop it off downstairs so that we?re not tempted.
Rachel : Momma?s Little Bakery, Chicago, Illinois. (They exit with the cheesecake.)
Rachel : What? Wait a minute, I didn?t pay, I thought you paid!
Rachel : (gasps) Its still there! (The cheesecake they returned to Mrs. Braverman is still lying in front of her door.)
Rachel : She could be out of town. Maybe she?ll be gone for months.
Rachel : No that could kill her.
Rachel : No so we?re protecting her.
Rachel : But we should move quick.
Rachel : Because I think I just heard her moving around in there.
Rachel : (taking a bite) Oh my God! That is so good!
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Oh it?s umm, it?s tofu cake. Do you want some? (He makes a disgusted noise and heads for his room, Chandler follows him in.)
Rachel : (with a mouthful) Mm-mmm. (Nods no.)
Rachel : Oh, what are you going to do?! Are you gonna go run tell Monica?! Are you gonna tell Joey?! No! Because then you will have to tell them what we did! We are desert stealers! We are living outside the law!
Rachel : What?! What?!
Rachel : Wait a minute!
Rachel : Oh no-no-no-no-no, no you don?t! [Cut to Chandler and Monica?s as they enter.]
Rachel : You think I trust you with it?! No! We?re gonna split it! You take half and I take half!
Rachel : What? Oh, well then y?know what? I think Monica would be very interested to know that you called her cheesecake dry and mealy.
Rachel : Okay! (Grabs a knife and cuts it in half.) All right, pick a half.
Rachel : Oh for God sake just pick a piece!
Rachel : That?s also the smaller piece. (Puts the piece onto a plate.) Okay, there you go. Enjoy your half my friend, but that is it. No sharing. No switching, and don?t come crying to me if you eat your piece to fast. (As she?s saying that she is backing out the door, when she finishes she turns around to return to her place, stumbles and drops the cheesecake on the floor.) Oh!!!!
Rachel : Okay, you gotta give me some of your piece.
Rachel : Oh! Yay! Look! There?s a piece that doesn?t have floor on it!
Rachel : Hey, come on now! (Joey finishes climbing the stairs and sees them. Chandler and Rachel both stop and look up at him. Joey sits down on the step.)
Rachel : No. No, you can?t.
Rachel : Oh I don?t-I don?t know.
Rachel : Yeah actually, I think we?re gonna take off too. We rented a movie.
Rachel : Uh Pheebs, we just actually kinda wanted to be alone.
Rachel : Oh. (They leave, leaving just Joey and Ross.)
Rachel : You wanna go in the bedroom? It?s a little more comfortable.
Rachel : Okay. (They start to head for the bedroom) Oh wait! Umm, did you send those contracts to Milan?
Rachel : No seriously, y?know the contracts I gave you, did you overnight them?
Rachel : Okay please tell me that this is just one of your jokes that you do that I don?t get.
Rachel : Y?know, like the thing when you put the phone in your pants? (He starts laughing.) Tag! I?m serious! This isn?t funny! Those contracts absolutely had to go out today!
Rachel : Yes I did! And I put a little Post-It on it that said, "Must go out today," and underlined today three times and, and then I put a little heart in the corner because I didn?t want to seem to bossy.
Rachel : Y?know what Tag, if we went down to the office you would see those contracts sitting on your desk.
Rachel : Or maybe you would see me looking embarrassed because you are talking on the phone with your crotch!
Rachel : No! Come on its late, we?re not gonna go down to the office.
Rachel : Okay get your coat! (They get their coats and start to leave. Rachel suddenly stops and sticks the hand up the back of her shirt.) Oh! When did you unhook this? (Her bra.) Nice work!
Rachel : Oh how can you possibly know? Look at this mess, Tag! I mean, this is what I?m talking about! You have to be organized! You?ve got newspapers! You?ve got magazines! You got?Ohh! (Finds a picture.) And who is this chippy? A little young for you Tag, but whatever.
Rachel : Okay, very cute braces. Anyway y?know what, the point is Tag, start looking because you are going to find those contracts on your desk. (She goes into her office.)
Rachel : In the afternoon. Mr. Zelner came into my office after lunch. He put them on my desk, and then I put a Post-It on it (Looks down onto her desk and finds the folder with the Post-It on it that contains the contracts she imagined she gave Tag) that said, "Must go out today." So you just keep looking in there! All right? Commercial Break
Rachel : Puzzler. A bit of a puzzle. Why don?t you um, check the copy room, maybe you left the contracts in there?
Rachel : I don?t know Tag! How can your genitals make phone calls? Okay? It?s not a perfect world! Just go please.
Rachel : Thank you. (He leaves and she proceeds to plant the folder in his bottom drawer. She then picks up the phone and holds it to her breasts.) Hello? (Hangs up the phone.) I still don?t get it.
Rachel : Hi! I got you some coffee. To, uh? (She looks for a place to set it on his messy desk and he clears a spot for her to set it down.) ?fair enough. So! Do you got anything for me?
Rachel : Oh my God! Did you check your entire desk! Did you check all the drawers!
Rachel : Well yeah, I wish that you would. (He opens the top drawer.) Well, no it?s not in there! (Closes it.) How about that drawer? (She points to the bottom one and he opens it. She doesn?t see the folder she planted and bends over to check.)
Rachel : (thinks) Y?know, I don?t-I don?t know. Let me, let me check. (As she heads for her office, she stops glances over her should at Tag, looks into her office, and finds the folder on her desk.)
Rachel : Can I see you in my office for a minute?
Rachel : You put these on my desk!
Rachel : Oh really? So you?re saying they just slid out of your bottom drawer, crawled across the floor, then jumped on to my desk?! (I think Dogbert should have a line here.)
Rachel : (pause as she realizes her lame attempt to shift the blame has failed) I am so hot for you right now.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Well, y?know I was thinking of moving the couch over here.
Rachel : So that there will be a decent place for me to sit.
Rachel : And your lap does not count! Okay? Come on help me move this.
Rachel : No?
Rachel : I?m sorry, Rosita? As in?
Rachel : Joey, it?s just a chair! What?s the big deal?
Rachel : Stevie the TV?
Rachel : No! (Joey sets his beer and bag of chips down and heads into his room.) Oh what does he know! Come on Rosita, us chichas got to stick together! (She tries pulling on the back of the chair, until the hinge breaks and the back falls off.) You bitch! Opening Credits
Rachel : Joey, Joey I am so sorry.
Rachel : Okay, come on?Joey, I?ll buy you a new one! All right? We?ll go down to the store right now and we?ll-we?ll get you a new chair.
Rachel : But don?t you think Rosita would?ve wanted you to move on? I mean y?know, she did always put?your comfort first.
Rachel : (grabbing her coat) Okay? You ready?
Rachel : You will like it!
Rachel : You don?t even know!
Rachel : Well look, if you don?t like this?(The audience?s laughter at Chandler?s progress cuts out the rest of Rachel?s line.)
Rachel : Come on Joey, I just bought you a new chair! The most expensive one in the store! Hey, y?know what I was thinking? We could name her Francette.
Rachel : Joey, the new chair will be here in an hour. Maybe we should actually move Rosita out of here. Y?know, start the heeling process?
Rachel : That?s weird.
Rachel : It?s not a miracle Joey! I?m sure there?s some explanation.
Rachel : Joey, I really don?t?
Rachel : Well no.
Rachel : No, y?know what? Maybe somebody came in here and fixed it! Or something!
Rachel : That?s right Joey, the chair angel came in and heeled your chair. (She sits down in the chair.)
Rachel : (grabbing a beer out of the chair?s fridge) I am so psyched I kept this chair for myself!
Rachel : Hey, how?s?how?s the uh, miracle chair?
Rachel : Yeah? Wow! Y?know, that this thing has speakers in the headrest!
Rachel : Yeah! You can hook it up to your TV and you get radio!
Rachel : Hey Chandler!
Rachel : How would you like to sit in a chair that fully reclines, has a rolling massage, and speakers in the head rest?
Rachel : Well what if I told you, you can do it in my apartment?
Rachel : I just purchased the La-Z-Boy E-cliner 3000. (Which is an actual product by the way, I?m not sure about the 3000 part.)
Rachel : Well, it?s a long story, but umm I broke Joey?s chair?
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Ohhhhh. That?s how it got fixed!
Rachel : Noo! (Laughs) Angels.
Rachel : What? Wh-hey! (They enter Joey and Rachel?s to find that Joey has broken Chandler?s chair.)
Rachel : Yeah, he thought he broke your chair so he switched the chairs!
Rachel : No Joe, no miracle.
Rachel : Uh-huh! Nice try, but you don?t get that chair anymore! All right? That is my chair now! You can sit on my lap! (Joey starts to get up.) No I take that back!
Rachel : No-no-no! This chair?s not going anywhere.
Rachel : The logic is, that there are two of us and we are both strong enough to break a chair in half!
Rachel : We?re the Cobras!
Rachel : Ahhhh?.
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Oh yeah, Joey broke it. Had to get rid of it.
Rachel : Good ones?
Rachel : Well, can I keep the presents and still be 29?
Rachel : Y?know, I?m still 29 in Guam.
Rachel : Late thirties? Oh come on you guys! Is it just me? Am I overreacting to this?
Rachel : Look, y?know I know my life?s going pretty well, but I look around and I just see so many people who?ve accomplished so many other goals by the time they?re thirty.
Rachel : There you go! (She crosses the line and they all cheer again.)
Rachel : Thirty. Ugh, I mean thirty! Monica, do you remember mean, old Mrs. Kreeger in the fifth grade? She was thirty!
Rachel : Nothing. I don?t want to do anything.
Rachel : Really! God Ross, what were you thinking? (To Phoebe, quietly) I know it?s really shallow, but a part of me wants him again.
Rachel : Y?know what? I am going to do something today. I?m not just gonna sit around like some old lady. I?m gonna get something pierced. Like my uh, like my nose or my tongue or something.
Rachel : So what?! Y?know what? The way I see it?(Phoebe pulls out a hair from the back of her head)?Ow! Son of a bitch!!
Rachel : (glares at him) Get out, get out of my apartment.
Rachel : (entering) Hey! Everybody hide! Hide! I saw her! She?s coming!
Rachel : What?s-what?s going on? Phil?s really pissed!
Rachel : Okay, but taking care of a drunk, naked woman seems like a job for Joey.
Rachel : Ahh!
Rachel : (opening it) A scooter! (She?s not happy.)
Rachel : No! No-no, I love it. Thank you. (Kisses him.)
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Okay. (Opens the card and reads it.) Happy birthday Grandma! It?s better to be over the hill (starting to cry) then buried under it. (Breaks down as everyone glares at them.) All our love Monica and Chandler. (Crying) That?s funny, yeah!
Rachel : (crying) No, I know! I get it! It?s funny!
Rachel : No I know, because to be a grandmother you have to be married and have children and I don?t have any of those things. That?s why it?s so funny. (Runs into her room crying.)
Rachel : Well, I feel fine, but I think you?re bumming out the rest of the kids.
Rachel : Okay! Y?know what? I realized it was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids. All I really needed was a plan. See I wanna have three kids?
Rachel : As I was saying? I should probably have the first of the three kids by the time I?m 35 which gives me five years. I love this plan! I wanna marry this plan!
Rachel : So, if I wanna have my kid when I?m 35, I don?t have to get pregnant until I?m 34. Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes! Oh wait, but I do want to be married for a year before I get pregnant?
Rachel : No, so I don?t have to get married until I?m 33! That?s three years, that?s three whole years?Oh, wait a minute though. I?ll need a year and a half to plan the wedding, and I?d like to know the guy for a year, year and a half before we get engaged? Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I?m thirty.
Rachel : No! Ross, no! It is not fine! Eh-eh-according to my plan I should already be with the guy I wanna marry! (We hear Tag scream out in the hallway and jump into view of the open door on the scooter. He gives a hearty thumbs up to the group and rides off, with Joey following breathlessly behind.)
Rachel : (To Chandler) I?m telling you it?s like watching Bambi learn how to walk.
Rachel : Hey. (After she leaves.) Oh, poor Pheebs.
Rachel : Ross, I really don?t think?
Rachel : Hey Joey, can I?
Rachel : Actually, I just wanna talk to Tag.
Rachel : Whatever! Okay, I?m not your mother.
Rachel : Not in the street!!
Rachel : (to Tag) Hi.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Yeah, I?m doing okay. I?m um?let?s talk.
Rachel : Umm?
Rachel : Ohh Tag, umm?you?re such a great guy and we have sooo much fun together but I don?t-I don?t?
Rachel : Well said. And a uh good example of the fun I was referring to uhh, but I just think I?m past the point where I think I can y?know, just have fun.
Rachel : Yeah, it is! But you?re just a kid! I mean you?re 25!
Rachel : Oh God! Y?know what I wish? I wish you were six years older. Well actually, if I?m wishin? for stuff, I actually wish I was six years younger.
Rachel : Yeah, I?m sorry. (They hug.) [Time lapse, Rachel is entering her apartment after breaking up with Tag.]
Rachel : Oh, if I only want two kids, can I keep him for another year?
Rachel : (starting to cry) Ohh?
Rachel : Yeah, it?s just y?know?
Rachel : Oh! I would love to read a poem.
Rachel : (crying) It?ll be a short one.
Rachel : Ohhh?
Rachel : Wait, what do you mean you?re getting a new brain?
Rachel : She is so good at throwing drinks in people?s faces, I mean I don?t think I?ve ever seen her finish a beverage.
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Cecilia Monroe man, what a great actress.
Rachel : (They both look behind them.) Well, I'd have to say gay.
Rachel : Well mainly because he's kissing that other guy.
Rachel : Oh yeah he's too cute to be straight.
Rachel : All right, straight, and not subtle. (The man gets up and leaves.)
Rachel : Oh, well, we can hand it to Gunther and he'll put it in lost and found.
Rachel : What if, um, if he calls his own cell phone to find out who found it and I answer and we start talking and we fell in love. I mean wouldn't that be a great story? Kind of like a fairy tale for the digital age.
Rachel : What? Wait! Why?why do you get the story?
Rachel : Phoebe, you had a date three days ago.
Rachel : Okay. Okay, see? I get the phone.
Rachel : Yeah! (Breaking up) And until now, I didn?t think I?d love again.
Rachel : Oh hey-hey wait! How do we fairly decide who gets the phone?
Rachel : Well umm, maybe we could uhh? (Grabs the phone) Ah-ha! Too slow!! (She holds the phone out and starts taunting Phoebe. Phoebe calming knocks the phone out of Rachel?s hand and catches it.)
Rachel : No Phoebe! You cannot get the phone that way; that?s not fair! Okay look, I have an idea. Why don?t we, why don?t we see what kind of number he has on his speed dial, and then from that we can tell who has more in common with him. And then whoever does gets the phone.
Rachel : I don?t think so.
Rachel : (checking the speed dial) All right, first name on the speed dial is mom.
Rachel : Okay no way, you cannot use that to get the cute guy and the last blueberry muffin.
Rachel : Yes okay. (Checking the speed dial again.) Well now see this isn?t telling us anything. (Reading the speed dial) Joe. Carlos. Peter. Ooh! Peter Luger! T hat?s a steak house!
Rachel : (looking at the speed dial) Oh, I win! He?s got Barney?s on his speed dial.
Rachel : (showing Phoebe her phone) His new girlfriend!
Rachel : Hi Pheebs!
Rachel : How are ya?
Rachel : Umm Pheebs, remember when we were in the coffee house we decided that I was going to keep the uh, the cute guy?s cell phone?
Rachel : And remember how I said I was going to keep it in my purse so that if it rang I could just pick it up?
Rachel : And do you remember going into my purse and stealing the phone?!
Rachel : You stole the phone!
Rachel : No? So you?re saying that if I called it, it wouldn?t ring?
Rachel : Umm, okay. But while you dial, let me show you the features of my new ringing handbag. (Rachel dials her phone and Phoebe?s bag starts to ring.) Oh, it does work! (Rachel grabs the phone and takes it out of Phoebe?s handbag.)
Rachel : Phoebe!
Rachel : Oh is it?! (She answers the cute guy?s phone.) Uhh, hello? (On her phone) Yes hi, is Rachel there? (On the other phone) Yes she is, just one moment please. (To Phoebe, holding out both phones.) It?s for me!
Rachel : Oh my God! I bet that?s him. My digital fairy tale is about to begin. I wonder how I should be? Should I be uh (In a sexy voice) Hello? Or should I be (Happily) Hi! It?s Rach? (Phoebe knocks the phone out of Rachel?s hand, catches it, and answers it.) Would you stop doing that?!
Rachel : Phoebe! You can?t do th?
Rachel : You do know that I will be here when he comes over.
Rachel : You just said it!
Rachel : Oh Phoebe!
Rachel : Ohh! (Exits.)
Rachel : Hey! Hey! (There is a knock on the door.) Phoebe and
Rachel : (simultaneously) Who is it?
Rachel : Well why shouldn?t I?!
Rachel : Well, then I get to give him the cell phone.
Rachel : (laughs) You?re not the man who left the cell phone.
Rachel : Is-is he coming? (Looks hopefully out the door.)
Rachel : We?ll be right back sir.
Rachel : I don?t know!
Rachel : I know! (Realizes what Phoebe said.) What?!
Rachel : (turning and looking at Tom again) No-no they do but, you just have to wait.
Rachel : (fake disappointment) All right. All right Phoebe I will let you have him, but you owe me; you owe me big!
Rachel : Ohh?
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Oh my God! Oh my God!! Ohh, Jessica Lockhart!! In my apartment!! I am such a huge fan! I am such a huge fan!
Rachel : (screaming) MONICA!!!! MONICA!!!! (Runs to Monica?s.)
Rachel : God. You seem really, really nice.
Rachel : I mean n-not-not fake at all like most famous people.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : You are so beautiful.
Rachel : (giggles) (To Ross) I can imagine you in a short plaid skirt and knee socks.
Rachel : No!
Rachel : Hi! Hi Ben!
Rachel : Oh, yeah go ahead. (Ben starts to go, but Ross stops him.)
Rachel : No. No.
Rachel : Ben, its Rachel! (He closes the door.) But whatever.
Rachel : Awww, just like his daddy.
Rachel : What-what about Monica?
Rachel : (nervous) So it would just be, me alone?
Rachel : Huh umm?
Rachel : Well that?y?know it?s just uh, I?ve never done that before. Me and him alone.
Rachel : Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh, what do I, what do I do with him?
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Yeah I think so.
Rachel : Bye. (Ross exits.) Ahhh? (Silence) So this is fun, huh?
Rachel : Okay. Uh, want something-want something to drink?
Rachel : Uh great! How do you feel about Diet Coke?
Rachel : Okay. Well that?s pretty much all that we have?Oh! Oh! Have you ever had a virgin margarita? (Holds up a bottle of margarita mix.)
Rachel : Water it is. Opening Credits
Rachel : Ben y?know when uh, when you were a baby, you and I used to hang out all the time. ?Cause I was, I was your daddy?s girlfriend.
Rachel : No, I?m not.
Rachel : Hey! We were not on a?Okay. That?s fine! Fine. Y?know what Ben? One day when you are a lot older I am going to tell you that entire story over a pitcher of real margaritas, okay?
Rachel : (checks her watch) Fifty-two minutes. (Pause) So no-no brothers and sisters, huh? That must be nice. You don?t have to share stuff.
Rachel : Oh, you?re one of those. But y?know what? I have two sisters of my own and we just-just tortured each other.
Rachel : Well y?know, we would umm, repeat everything the other said, or uh, we?d jump out of closets to scare each other, or switch the sugar for the salt so they?d put salt on their cereal.
Rachel : Yeah? You like that one?
Rachel : I?m funny? Oh thank God! Well hey, I?ve got a ton of these! Umm, oh hear?Do you want a good one? Here?s a good one. Umm, you uh, you take a quarter, take a quarter and, and you blacken the edge. Right? (Does so.) And then you say to person, I bet you can?t roll this quarter from your forehead to your chin without it leaving your face. And then when they do it, they?re left with a big black pencil line right down the center of their face.
Rachel : Yeah, I-I-I-I?m funny Ben, but I?m not stupid. Okay?
Rachel : Coming. (She opens the door to reveal Ross with a pencil mark from his forehead to his chin.)
Rachel : Uh-oh.
Rachel : Oh yeah? Did he pull the old? (She is waving her hand up and down her face. She?s thinking about the pencil mark.)
Rachel : Oh that.
Rachel : Oh, come on! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat, you don?t think that?s just a little funny?!
Rachel : (looking at his mark) Yes.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Well y?know I was just in the neighborhood and I passed by your building and I thought to myself, "What?s up with Carol and sweet, little Ben?"
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : I?d love that. I would loooove? (Carol goes to make the coffee and she sits down.) So uh, so where is sweet little Ben? I would love to have a little...
Rachel : I found him! (To Ben) Very funny, come here! (She sits down on the coffee table and Ben walks up.) That is exactly why I?ve come here to talk to you okay?
Rachel : Yes oh?(To Ben)?Do I want sugar in my coffee? (Ben nods no.) No, just some milk would be good Carol. Thanks. (To Ben) Okay, do you remember all that stuff I taught you yesterday?
Rachel : Don?t do that.
Rachel : Seriously, your dad doesn?t like pranks.
Rachel : Oh damnit!
Rachel : No! Don?t say that! Don?t say that!
Rachel : No don?t! Go back to repeating!
Rachel : Oh crap!
Rachel : So now what have we agreed?
Rachel : And-and what else?
Rachel : Very good. (There?s a knock on the door and Ross enters.)
Rachel : I?m just visiting my good friend Carol.
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Carol?Lesbian?
Rachel : What line?
Rachel : All right, I?m sorry. I?m sorry I didn?t tell you but you were so mad already!
Rachel : Okay, maybe they are not funny to you?
Rachel : Or Carol! But they?re funny to kids and who is it hurting?!
Rachel : That was you?! We heard about you in Junior High! Did you really just shake your fist in the air and shout, "I will be revenged?!"
Rachel : Fine. Fine, but I?ll have you know that once I taught him that stuff he called me Fun Aunt Rachel. And I loved being Fun Aunt Rachel but I?ll go back to being Boring and Uncomfortable Aunt Rachel if that?s what you want!
Rachel : Look he doesn?t have any brothers or sisters, somebody?s gonna have to teach him this stuff! And I haven?t taught him anything that a normal 6-year-old doesn?t know anyway!
Rachel : I gotta go! (Runs out.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Ohhh! Well of course I will watch him! We have fun, don?t we Ben? (He nods yes.)
Rachel : Ohh, okay. (Ross has a sign on his back that reads ?Poop.?) Wh?Ah-ha! (Ross stops and turns.) Wait a minute. Uh Ben, I can?t do it.
Rachel : I can?t let him go out that way, he?s got a meeting. (To Ross) You?ve got something here on your back.
Rachel : Oh I?
Rachel : No! Wait! Come on! [Cut to the hallway, Ben runs upstairs with Ross in pursuit.]
Rachel : No you guys? (She walks out into the hallway.)
Rachel : EHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!! My God!!!!!!!!!!! Oh my God!!!!!!! (She runs over to him and finds that it was a dummy and that she had been had.)
Rachel : Oh my God! You look so beautiful!
Rachel : I do the same thing.
Rachel : I?m just kidding too. (Laughs) I?m getting married in December. (Turns away not happy with herself.)
Rachel : Oh y?know what? Y?know what? Now that you know what you want you should go to Kleinman?s and get it half off. This place is so overpriced. The
Rachel : So, does this (The dress) come in another color or? (The store owner walks away.)
Rachel : (To Phoebe) So this is Brooklyn.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Oh they?re pushing! They?re pushing!!
Rachel : Well I? (The door opens allowing the horde to charge in, knocking Rachel out of the way and to the ground.) A
Rachel : No! You gotta get me out of here Phoebe! These bargain shoppers are crazy!
Rachel : No! You gotta hold my hand!!
Rachel : (seeing who?s trapped) Hey?
Rachel : You?re out of Diet Coke. (The phone rings and Monica answers it as Rachel goes into the bathroom.)
Rachel : You?re out of toilet paper!
Rachel : Yeah, I went to a wedding once where they had swing music and uh, two months later the couple got divorced. And now I?m not saying that there?s any connection here y?know, but they did tell me that?s why they got divorced.
Rachel : Well, what is the other reason?
Rachel : Well you have to because maybe it?s stupid.
Rachel : (gasps) Oh my God! Oh my God!! That is like the third most prestigious soap opera award there is!
Rachel : Oh, stop that! Don?t kid about that! (Gasps) Will all the stars be there?
Rachel : Oh my God! Oh my God! I can?t go! I?m gonna be too nervous!
Rachel : No!! You are getting married! This is all I have. Opening Credits
Rachel : I?m fourth! (Joey is startled.) Look at you with your little maple syrup award!
Rachel : What? No! It?s not a big deal! I do that too, with my shampoo bottle.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Grammy, Best New Artist.
Rachel : Ohh that?s great!
Rachel : So you?ll definitely get onstage, even if you don?t win.
Rachel : Well of course I do! But y?know, favorite returning character is a tough category Joey. I mean you?re up against the guy who survived his own cremation.
Rachel : Well Joey, you?ll probably get it. But you should probably your-your gracious loser face. Y?know when like the cameras are on you and you wanna look disappointed but also that your colleague deserved to win. Y?know? So it?s sorta like? (Does it, you?ll have to see it.)
Rachel : Y?know?
Rachel : Oh no, at the Grammies I always win.
Rachel : (entering from her room) Whoa what?
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Not right now.
Rachel : Oh, see now I feel bad for the kid! I had a crush on a teacher once and it was so hard! Y?know you?I couldn?t concentrate and I blushed every time he looked at me. I mean come on, you remember what?s it?s like to be 19 and in love.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : I didn?t. I got under him.
Rachel : I know! My God! Do you have your speech?
Rachel : Do you got your gracious loser face?
Rachel : Now Joey remember, if you win you have to hug me! You hug me!
Rachel : On TV?! Yeah!
Rachel : Joey! Why did we have to rush out of there so fast?!
Rachel : Oh my God you stole her award!
Rachel : Joey I don?t think you know what behalf means.
Rachel : Joey, you have got to take this back!
Rachel : (looking at the award) No! Joey!
Rachel : Do you really want an award you didn?t win?
Rachel : Joey is says Best Supporting Actress!
Rachel : Joey no, this is wrong! You have to take it back, okay? You don?t want to win an award this way. You?re very talented. And someday you?re gonna win one of these for real and that one is gonna mean something.
Rachel : All right? (He sets the award down.) Thank you.
Rachel : Thank you. (He goes into his room and closes the door. Rachel goes to pick it up and?)
Rachel : I cannot believe I?m gonna meet Jessica Ashley!
Rachel : Okay, I?m totally cool! (She coolly knocks on the door) Jessica
Rachel : (coolly) Hey Jess.
Rachel : ?Sup? (Joey glares at her.)
Rachel : Absolutely.
Rachel : I?ll be out in a second. (Phoebe notices the Soapie on the counter.)
Rachel : (entering from her room) Honey, we have to go. Our reservations are at
Rachel : Okay honey, you can finish this later we?re gonna be late. We gotta go.
Rachel : (entering) Hi!
Rachel : Hey Pheebs, can I talk to you over here for a second?
Rachel : (laughs) Well okay?Well don?t ruin it! Just play along at least!
Rachel : (To Phoebe) Oh my God! We have to throw her a shower?!
Rachel : She has got so much going on we-we have only two options. We have Friday?
Rachel : Yesterday!
Rachel : Oh my God Phoebe, this is impossible! We can?t do this by Friday! We have to find a place. We have to invite people! We have to get food! There?s just too much to do! It?s impossible! We can?t do it! We cannot do it! We cannot do it!
Rachel : (calmly) Okay. I?m sorry. You?re right, you?re right.
Rachel : Phoebe, I already, I already did.
Rachel : Okay. Okay. (They sit down.) I think we can do this if we just get organized. All right? We have two days to plan this party. We just need to make fast decisions! Okay? All right, where are we gonna have it?
Rachel : 4 o?clock. Food?
Rachel : Ooh great! Very Monica.
Rachel : Ah you went one too far. Uh, flowers or balloons?
Rachel : We?re paying for this y?know.
Rachel : Okay. Umm, what should we do for the theme?
Rachel : (pause) What?
Rachel : Okay. Okay. All right, you take care of that. And meanwhile, the party is tomorrow and we still don?t have a guest list.
Rachel : Hey! What?s up Mon?
Rachel : Have at it.
Rachel : Are you makin? him a sandwich?
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : (To Phoebe, after Monica?s gone) We have to get her a present?!
Rachel : Oh my God you?re amazing! Did you just pull that out of her purse?
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Well, I don?t know. I called all the people in Monica?s phone book and these are the only ones who could show up on 24 hours notice.
Rachel : (to her) Hi! I?m Rachel. This is Phoebe. I?m the maid of honor. How do you know Monica?
Rachel : Ohhhh!
Rachel : That?s great!
Rachel : (to each other) I don?t know.
Rachel : (to the woman) Excuse us for a minute. (They go into the kitchen.) You didn?t tell her to come?!
Rachel : No I wasn?t! You were supposed to tell her to come and I was supposed to bring the cake!
Rachel : Yes! And please tell her to bring a cake!
Rachel : Oh Monica, we are so sorry.
Rachel : Well first, for forgetting to throw you a bridal shower.
Rachel : Yeah, we wanted to throw you a big surprise and a great shower, and now you don?t have either.
Rachel : Ugh?
Rachel : What do you, what do you mean?
Rachel : Surprise?
Rachel : ?Monica.
Rachel : Hey! Out of all of us, who do you think is gonna get married next?
Rachel : (to the gang) Oh my God, Melissa Warburton. I don?t think I have the energy for this.
Rachel : (screaming) Melissa!
Rachel : Wh?(Turns and looks at the gang who?s staring)?Why don?t I tell you over here? (She walks Melissa away from the gang.)
Rachel : Oh no-no, no! It?s good! It?s all good! I-I actually work at Ralph Lauren!
Rachel : I will not! I?m the divisional head of men?s sportswear!
Rachel : Oh please?
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Oh tomorrow, oh I don?t know. Um?
Rachel : Shut up.
Rachel : Oh, wow thanks! (Reading the card) Oh you?re in real estate!
Rachel : Wow! What do you do now?
Rachel : Okay! (Joins the rest of the gang.)
Rachel : Shut up that was my friend Melissa from college.
Rachel : She?s actually very sweet and we used to be very close.
Rachel : (To Monica) Yes.
Rachel : It?s not a big deal!
Rachel : No we weren?t! It was nothing! It was one night, senior year we went to a party, had a lot of sangria and y?know, ended up?kissing for a bit.
Rachel : Oh wow. Why don?t we just take me (Grabs her pin) and put me with a Manhattan in my hand, talking to the cute bartender. (Puts her pin at the bar and laughs. Monica just glares at her.) These pins aren?t for playing are they?
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Stop picturing it!!
Rachel : That is not a problem.
Rachel : Oh, get out of here! (Jumps back and walks away.)
Rachel : (motioning to a rack) So now, these are all the tuxedos that we make and if there?s anything that you like, we can make you a deal. Anything at all. (Grabs a few) But these are the three that Monica pre-approved.
Rachel : I?m Monica?s maid of honor. Okay? Don?t try to blue pin me!
Rachel : Oh they are nice. We-we custom-make tuxedos for celebrities and then when they?re done with them they just send ?em back.
Rachel : Some of them.
Rachel : Honey, might I suggest watching a little more ESPN and a little less E!?
Rachel : Umm, well let?s see uh, this one is Tom Brokaw.
Rachel : (reading a tag) This one is uh Paul O?Neil.
Rachel : He plays for the Yankees. Seriously, ESPN! Just once and a while, have it on in the background. (Chandler nods and Rachel grabs another tux) Ooh, this one was Pierce Brosnan!
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : It?s a pretty cool tux.
Rachel : (entering) Hey!
Rachel : So Joey I just hooked Ross and Chandler up with some tuxedos for the wedding, do you need one?
Rachel : Well, what are you going to wear?
Rachel : Huh. Does Monica know about this?
Rachel : Can I please be there when you tell her? (Joey nods yes.)
Rachel : Oh, y?know what? I can?t. I have to have dinner with that Melissa girl.
Rachel : Well, do you want to hear what actually happened or Joey?s lewd version?
Rachel : Hey, come on! I had this friend from college and I made the stupid mistake of telling Joey that one time?she and I y?know?kissed a little bit.
Rachel : It-it did!
Rachel : Yeah, it was senior year in college. It was after the Sigma Chi luau and Melissa and I got very drunk! And we ended up kissing! For several minutes!
Rachel : Yeah, why is it so hard for you to believe?!
Rachel : I?m not saying that I?m a lesbian! I?m just saying that this happened!
Rachel : (shocked) Vanilla?!
Rachel : I?m not vanilla! I?ve done lots of crazy things! I mean I got-I got drunk and married in Vegas!
Rachel : All right, y?know what? If you don?t want to believe me about this, why don?t you just come with me to dinner tonight and she will tell you.
Rachel : Oh. Oh, that?s great!
Rachel : (changing the subject) Anyway, speaking of drinking too much. I was uh, tellin? Phoebe about that one crazy night after the Sigma Chi luau where you and I uh, we made out.
Rachel : Remember?! We?come on both had the sarongs on, and we had the-the coconut bikini tops?
Rachel : ?we went back the house and we got really silly and we?we made out.
Rachel : How can you not remember us kissing?!
Rachel : Wh? Come on! Remember? We were on the sleeping porch! We couldn?t stop giggling? And our coconuts kept knockin? together?
Rachel : Yeah?but come on?Listen, I?m sorry I don?t want to make you uncomfortable, but I told Phoebe that it happened and she doesn?t believe me.
Rachel : No!!
Rachel : Thank you Phoebe.
Rachel : It happened! I am telling you it happened!
Rachel : What?! Wait a minute! No wait a minute! (She does so.) Okay? Look, that night was the one wild thing I have ever done in my entire life, and I?m not gonna let you take that away from me! Okay, so if you don?t remember that, maybe you will remember this! (She grabs Melissa and kisses her on the lips.)
Rachel : (shocked) What?
Rachel : (moving away) Whoa! Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Rachel : (moves away again) I-I-I-I?m just?I?m just a good kisser!
Rachel : I?m sorry!
Rachel : Wow! I mean I had no idea that that was gonna? (Suddenly, Phoebe leans in and kisses her on the lips!)
Rachel : What the hell was that?!
Rachel : And?
Rachel : Well y?know what they say, the 23rd time?s the charm. (Chandler enters.) Aww, look at you all handsome!
Rachel : Oh does it matter?! All that matters is that you look so handsome.
Rachel : I don?t want to say.
Rachel : Monica what?
Rachel : What is the emergency?!
Rachel : Well, I like the pretty little drawing of you in the wedding dress.
Rachel : Okay. Okay. Okay. Umm, maybe you can start with, "Chandler, even though we were friends; there was a part of me that always knew I wanted more." [Flashback to The One With The Jellyfish, Chandler and Monica are lying on the beach.]
Rachel : Well, y?know, sometimes that helps. (She realises what that could?ve meant.)
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Hey, what have you guys been up to?
Rachel : I can?t believe they?ve been together for three years.
Rachel : I don?t know why they didn?t just tell us.
Rachel : Arghh!! (She quickly hangs up the phone and starts to pace around wondering what to do.) [Cut to Phoebe in Ross?s new apartment looking at Monica and Chandler and what they?re about to do in The One Where Everybody Finds Out.]
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : OH MY GOD!!!
Rachel : Phoebe!! Phoebe!! It's okay!! It's okay!!
Rachel : I KNOW!! I KNOW!! I KNOW!
Rachel : Yes, I know! And Joey knows! But Ross doesn't know so you have to stop screaming!!
Rachel : Ohhh!!!
Rachel : (trying to divert his attention from the window by jumping up and down) HI!! Hi!
Rachel : Nothing! Oh God, we're just so excited that you want to get this apartment!
Rachel : All right honey, we'd better go if we wanna catch that movie.
Rachel : Are you kidding?!
Rachel : I can not believe he would do that to Mon?Whoa! (She stops suddenly and slowly turns to point at Joey. Joey is avoiding her eyes.) Joey, do they know that we know?
Rachel : Joey!
Rachel : Ugh, I knew it! Oh I cannot believe those two!
Rachel : Joey look, just look at it this way, the sooner Phoebe breaks Chandler the sooner this is all over and out in the open.
Rachel : Okay!
Rachel : You really think it would be that different?
Rachel : Well, things change.
Rachel : Hey, who's this little naked guy?
Rachel : Aww, look at the little thing.
Rachel : Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Rachel : Well, we were just talkin? about you guys gettin? married and how great it is.
Rachel : Oh, can we read them?
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : (To Monica) Monica, will-will you marry me? (Ross laughs.)
Rachel : Wait a minute! (To Monica) You let Ross drive the Porsche and when I ask you, you say you?re the only one who?s allowed to drive it.
Rachel : (shocked) You let Joey drive it?!
Rachel : Wow! I can?t believe you lied to me.
Rachel : Take the top down did ya?
Rachel : Come on Ross give me the keys! Monica does not know what she?s talking about! I am an excellent driver!
Rachel : Well in High School, that added up to head cheerleader. (A woman walks by and smiles at Ross?s hair.)
Rachel : I think she?s checking out your beehive Ross.
Rachel : Gimme the keys!
Rachel : Well no brush!
Rachel : (to the woman) Alimony. (Runs outside.)
Rachel : Ahhh! (Gets in.) Ooh, nice! (Suddenly from out of nowhere Ross dives onto the hood.)
Rachel : My God!
Rachel : Just washing the windshield. (She turns on the wipers forcing Ross off of the hood.)
Rachel : Oh. {Transcriber?s
Rachel : Look Ross, if you?re so freaked out, just get in the car!
Rachel : All right. (She starts off.)
Rachel : What are you doing?! Get in the front!
Rachel : Oh my? (They drive off.)
Rachel : God. I forgot how much I love driving. I have got to get my license renewed.
Rachel : Oh Ross you?re so tense! You just gotta relax okay? Just need to relax all right? Just need to relax? (She takes her hands off of the wheel.)
Rachel : I am not horsing around okay? I am Porsching around. (Suddenly a siren goes off behind them.)
Rachel : Uh-oh. (She starts to pull over.)
Rachel : Really? You think so?
Rachel : Okay. Switch places with me! Switch places with me! Come on! I?ll go under, you go over!
Rachel : Oh come on Ross!! (She tries to switch places with him and goes under his leg.)
Rachel : (sexily) Hi officer, was I going a little too fast?
Rachel : Oh yes, absolutely! Y?know, it?s weird uh, but I had a dream last night where I was stopped by a policeman. And then he uh?well I probably shouldn?t tell you the rest.
Rachel : (handing it to him) Yes. Here you go Officer uh, Handsome.
Rachel : Oops sorry, my mistake.
Rachel : Really?! You think so? Y?know, I had just rolled out of bed.
Rachel : Y?know you?re-you?re probably wondering about the old date on there.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : I bet you?re a Gemini.
Rachel : Taurus?
Rachel : Virgo?
Rachel : Sagittarius?
Rachel : I knew it! I knew it, ahh?.
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : I won?t speed.
Rachel : I promise.
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Oh well?
Rachel : Remind me to introduce you to someone!
Rachel : Fourth gear!! (Suddenly a siren goes off.)
Rachel : Well maybe he saw your hand slip briefly from the ten and two o?clock position.
Rachel : It?s a different guy! (The policeman walks up.)
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : (pause) You have a son!
Rachel : (checking her watch) Op! We gotta go! (The girls stand up.)
Rachel : What ?cha doing Mon?
Rachel : Hey! Those are all the things I?m responsible for!
Rachel : The commercial?
Rachel : Oh that?s great!
Rachel : Oh, wait Joey! We fought the Nazis in World War II, not World War I.
Rachel : You?re gonna be late! Go! Go! (He runs out.)
Rachel : Mexico?
Rachel : Hi! Oh you guys look so beautiful!
Rachel : Yeah! But I don?t know what he looks like!
Rachel : Man in the black dress? (Monica walks away and Rachel looks around to find a woman in a black dress.) (To her) Hi! I?m Rachel! I?m a friend of Monica and Chandler?s!
Rachel : Oh I get it! A?man?duh!
Rachel : I?ll do it.
Rachel : I said I?ll do it!
Rachel : Monica! I?m not gonna screw it up!
Rachel : Well of course that is what I?m here for!
Rachel : Ugh! (To Phoebe) What grandmother?
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : She?s steaming her dress, why? What?s up?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : (reading the note) Tell Monica I?m sorry.
Rachel : Yeah but, maybe it?s not what we think. Maybe it?s tell Monica I?m sorry I?drank the last of the milk.
Rachel : Okay. Phoebe, I-I think Ross is right. What are we gonna do?
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : (closing the door) Ross said there?s still no word from Chandler.
Rachel : Oh but he did say that they found the grandmother wandering down fifth avenue.
Rachel : God! Don?t?We can?t let her start getting ready! This is too awful! Oh God, but wait she?ll be in the gown and then he won?t show up and then she?s gonna have to take off the gown?
Rachel : I?m sorry. I?m sorry. It?s just?It?s just so sad!
Rachel : I know. I know. Oh God. (Looking around) There?s no tissue! Can you grab me some toilet paper?
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Okay. (Phoebe reaches into the trash can, pulls one out, and hands it to Rachel.)
Rachel : Oh thank you! (Wiping her nose.) Oh God! (She throws it out.) Can I have another one?
Rachel : Oh God I just can not imagine what is gonna happen if Chandler doesn?t show up!
Rachel : Oh, I mean she?s gonna be at the wedding waiting for him and people will be whispering, "Oh that poor girl." Y?know? Then she?ll have to come back here and live all alone.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : No, she had to have just taken that test because I took out the trash last night.
Rachel : Okay Phoebe, we can not tell anyone about this.
Rachel : Okay?
Rachel : No. Why?
Rachel : Anything?
Rachel : All right, we?ve got to tell her he?s gone. (Starts to leave.)
Rachel : Ross, she?s gonna start getting ready soon!
Rachel : All right, well how much time do you need?
Rachel : One hour.
Rachel : Then why do you ask?! (They all go into the hallway.)
Rachel : All right, I?ll see you guys later.
Rachel : I?ll figure something out.
Rachel : Thanks. (Phoebe and Ross go to look for Chandler and Rachel enters Monica and Chandler?s.)
Rachel : Okay uh, but before you do that. I-I, I need you to talk to me.
Rachel : Umm? I?m never gonna getting married!
Rachel : No Monica! I?m serious! Oh, maybe I should just forget about it. Become a lesbian or something.
Rachel : Well maybe it would make me feel better if I slept with Joey.
Rachel : The nights are the hardest. (Checks her watch.) But then the day comes! And that?s every bit as hard as the night. And then the night comes again?
Rachel : I know. At dusk. That?s such a hard time for me.
Rachel : Okay. But wait!
Rachel : Let?s go to lunch.
Rachel : Right. (Monica goes into the bathroom and Rachel thinks quickly.)
Rachel : Oh good God! I?ve fallen down! (She trips and falls.)
Rachel : Okay. All right. (Gets up.) Honey listen. When I tell you what I?m about to tell you, I need you to remember that we are all here for you and that we love you.
Rachel : We can?t find Chandler?(Phoebe sticks her head and motions that they found Chandler)??s vest. We can?t find Chandler?s vest.
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : You look so beautiful.
Rachel : Hello?
Rachel : Yeah, we got him back. Everything?s fine.
Rachel : What? Why? Where are you?
Rachel : Joey! The wedding is in less than an hour!
Rachel : Oh my God! I?m gonna have to find another minister.
Rachel : Ugh! Joey, I have to go.
Rachel : Well Phoebe, we gotta do something! (They turn the corner.) Well, y?know. I mean there?s no way Joey?s gonna make it in time. So I?m gonna through the hotel and see if there?s any other weddings going on.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Anastassakis/Papasifakis wedding, excellent! {It?s a good thing Jennifer Aniston is Greek, because she had to pronounce those names. Luckily for me, they were written on a sign.}(The happy couple emerges.) Congratulations. (To the best man and maid of honor) Mazel Tov! (The Priest emerges.) Hi! Oh, great hat. (He?s wearing an interesting hat and she takes him over to talk.) Listen umm, I need you to perform another wedding. Can you do that? The
Rachel : Yeah! Yeah. They?re?they?re-they?re my friends, uh, Monica Stephanopolus and uh, and Chandler Acidofolus.
Rachel : (leaning in) As are you? The
Rachel : Go on! Go on. (She turns back to Chandler.)
Rachel : Uh-huh. (The camera zooms in on Rachel who has a very worried and frightened look on her face and she slowly takes a deep breath.) [Fade to black.] Ending Credits {Transcriber?s
Rachel : Oh my God, who is it?! (Phoebe rolls her eyes.)
Rachel : For you. (Chandler leaves.)
Rachel : Oh, thank you for doing that. I just can?t deal with this just quite yet.
Rachel : You said that she was, I just didn?t disagree with you.
Rachel : Oh yeah.
Rachel : Oh! (They smile and the picture is taken.) Oh by the way?
Rachel : James Brolin?
Rachel : Ed Begley Jr. is not gay.
Rachel : No. (Pause)
Rachel : No!
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Ugh! Look honey y?know what? I haven?t told him yet, so until I do I don?t think I should tell anybody else.
Rachel : Phoebe!!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Honey, stop it! I am not going to tell you until I tell him.
Rachel : Oh y?know what honey? Let?s not talk about that right now?
Rachel : Sure, but come on, as big as your wedding?
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Hey! Y?know, sometimes you can do everything right, everyone can wear everything they?re supposed to wear, and one of those little guys just gets through!
Rachel : I don?t know! Maybe they have tools.
Rachel : Well, maybe that?s, maybe that?s really brave.
Rachel : Maybe she hasn?t really thought it through that well.
Rachel : (starting to cry) I don?t know.
Rachel : Uh-hmm. I?m just thinking about Phoebe; poor knocked up Phoebe.
Rachel : Oh yes! Thank you very much! (She grabs a glass, takes a sip, and realizes what she just did. She then tries to spit the champagne back into the glass without Monica noticing. It doesn?t work.) Oh that?s-that?s actually how the French drink it. (Monica gasps.) Commercial Break
Rachel : I don?t know. I don?t know how I feel. This is all happening so fast. I have to make all these decisions that I don?t want to make. (Takes another sip of champagne and spits it back out) Somebody just take this away from me!!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : How many ways are there to do that?
Rachel : All right, I?ll-I?ll take it again when I get home.
Rachel : Okay. Thank you.
Rachel : Oh, you guys are so great.
Rachel : Wh?Hey, I just gave you peeing on a stick.
Rachel : How much longer?
Rachel : 30 seconds, okay.
Rachel : Oh I know. I know. (They hug.)
Rachel : Oh wait! Y?know what? I can?t, I can?t look at it. I can?t. Somebody else tell me, somebody tell me.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh. Oh. Well there you go. Whew! (Pause) That is?that?s great?that is really great-great news. (Pause) Y?know ?cause the whole not being ready and kinda the financial aspects, all that. Whew. Wow, this is so just the way it was supposed to be. (Starts to cry.) God.
Rachel : Thanks. (Crying) God this is so stupid! (Pause) How could I be upset over something I never had? It?s negative?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Are you sure?
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Oh-oh, that?s a risky little game!
Rachel : Yeah. I?m gonna have a baby. I?m gonna have a baby. I?m gonna have a baby! (They all hug.)
Rachel : Ah, it?s still not the time. Dedicated to the People of New York City Closing Credits
Rachel : Oh my God, who is it?! (Phoebe rolls her eyes.)
Rachel : For you. (Chandler leaves.)
Rachel : Oh, thank you for doing that. I just can?t deal with this just quite yet.
Rachel : You said that she was, I just didn?t disagree with you.
Rachel : Oh yeah.
Rachel : Oh! (They smile and the picture is taken.) Oh by the way?
Rachel : James Brolin?
Rachel : Ed Begley Jr. is not gay.
Rachel : No. (Pause)
Rachel : No!
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Ugh! Look honey y?know what? I haven?t told him yet, so until I do I don?t think I should tell anybody else.
Rachel : Phoebe!!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Honey, stop it! I am not going to tell you until I tell him.
Rachel : Oh y?know what honey? Let?s not talk about that right now?
Rachel : Sure, but come on, as big as your wedding?
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Hey! Y?know, sometimes you can do everything right, everyone can wear everything they?re supposed to wear, and one of those little guys just gets through!
Rachel : I don?t know! Maybe they have tools.
Rachel : Well, maybe that?s, maybe that?s really brave.
Rachel : Maybe she hasn?t really thought it through that well.
Rachel : (starting to cry) I don?t know.
Rachel : Uh-hmm. I?m just thinking about Phoebe; poor knocked up Phoebe.
Rachel : Oh yes! Thank you very much! (She grabs a glass, takes a sip, and realizes what she just did. She then tries to spit the champagne back into the glass without Monica noticing. It doesn?t work.) Oh that?s-that?s actually how the French drink it. (Monica gasps.) Commercial Break
Rachel : I don?t know. I don?t know how I feel. This is all happening so fast. I have to make all these decisions that I don?t want to make. (Takes another sip of champagne and spits it back out) Somebody just take this away from me!!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : How many ways are there to do that?
Rachel : All right, I?ll-I?ll take it again when I get home.
Rachel : Okay. Thank you.
Rachel : Oh, you guys are so great.
Rachel : Wh?Hey, I just gave you peeing on a stick.
Rachel : How much longer?
Rachel : 30 seconds, okay.
Rachel : Oh I know. I know. (They hug.)
Rachel : Oh wait! Y?know what? I can?t, I can?t look at it. I can?t. Somebody else tell me, somebody tell me.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh. Oh. Well there you go. Whew! (Pause) That is?that?s great?that is really great-great news. (Pause) Y?know ?cause the whole not being ready and kinda the financial aspects, all that. Whew. Wow, this is so just the way it was supposed to be. (Starts to cry.) God.
Rachel : Thanks. (Crying) God this is so stupid! (Pause) How could I be upset over something I never had? It?s negative?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Are you sure?
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Oh-oh, that?s a risky little game!
Rachel : Yeah. I?m gonna have a baby. I?m gonna have a baby. I?m gonna have a baby! (They all hug.)
Rachel : Ah, it?s still not the time. Dedicated to the People of New York City Closing Credits
Rachel : (entering) Oh good you?re still here!
Rachel : I want to tell you to have a good honeymoon! (Hugs Monica.)
Rachel : And I also wanted you guys to know that I am telling the father today. (They all look at her expectantly) What? What? What? (Pause.)
Rachel : How?! How do you know?
Rachel : Oh, I so wanted Ross to know first, but I?m so relieved you guys know.
Rachel : I know! (They hug.)
Rachel : (breaking the hug) You?re all gonna be aunts and uncles.
Rachel : Okay. Great! So now that you guys all know you can help me. Give me some advice on how I?m gonna tell Ross!
Rachel : Well I was gonna tell him that I?m-I?m gonna have the baby and he can be as involved as he wants.
Rachel : Yeah but how do I start? I mean, what?s-what?s the first thing that I say? (They all pause to think.) Okay great! Thanks. (She starts to leave.)
Rachel : (seeing him) Hi!
Rachel : Hi. (He helps her up.) Umm, I think there?s something that we really need to talk about.
Rachel : You do?
Rachel : (warily) Okay.
Rachel : (confused) What?
Rachel : Seriously. What?!
Rachel : Okay, y?know what? Can I, can I talk now?
Rachel : (touches his knee) I?m pregnant. (Ross stops.) Ross? (Ross is staring off into space.) Ross? (Ross is still frozen) Okay, whenever you?re ready. (Sits back and opens her magazine.) And you?re the father by the way?but you got that? Commercial Break
Rachel : (closes her magazine) Can I get you some water?
Rachel : Ross, there is no pressure on you. Okay? I mean you can as involved as you want. (Ross nods.)
Rachel : I know. I know, but y?know condoms only work like 97% of the time.
Rachel : They do!
Rachel : Okay Ross come on let?s just forget about the condoms.
Rachel : Listen, y?know what? I was really freaked out too when I found out?
Rachel : Y?know what? Let?s, let?s talk later.
Rachel : Okay, y?know maybe I should come back? (Starts to leave.)
Rachel : (stops) Okay.
Rachel : (sighs) If I said I was, would you judge me?
Rachel : Okay. (The nurse exits.) Oh man, I swear if they sold these at Pottery Barn? (There?s a knock on the door and Ross enters.)
Rachel : (shocked) Hi!
Rachel : Uh-uh-uh, right now? Because I?ve kinda got an el fresco situation going on over here.
Rachel : Okay Ross that?s fine, but can you please stand near my head?
Rachel : Okay. Head Ross! Head Ross! Head Ross!
Rachel : What married?
Rachel : What, because that?s your answer to everything?
Rachel : Yeah, maybe if you?re in love. But Ross, we are not in love, are we?
Rachel : Excuse me?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : I can too eat by myself!
Rachel : When certain people leave the table and I am not finished!
Rachel : Oh please, you inhale your food!
Rachel : Oh no Dr. Long, please come in. This is Ross, he is the father.
Rachel : I do need you! I need you to stand near my head! Dr.
Rachel : Wow. There it is, I see it. Dr.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : I don?t see it!
Rachel : I can?t see it!
Rachel : I know, I lied! I didn?t want her to think I was a terrible mother! I can?t even see my own baby!
Rachel : Oh. Oh, it?s beautiful. I see it now.
Rachel : No, I don?t see it!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : That?s it? Well I saw that! Ohh-ohh-oh, thank you.
Rachel : Wow! I can?t believe that?s our baby.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Oh, everything went great.
Rachel : Oh no, I know I couldn?t see it either at first, but it?s right umm? (Starts to cry) Ross, I lost it again.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Welcome home.
Rachel : Oh! Look! I have a sonogram picture!
Rachel : Well it happened about six weeks ago, and uh I had just got home from work and Ross was already there ?cause I guess he had been hanging out with Joey.
Rachel : And so I had a lot of work to do so Ross, nice guy that he is, offered to help me out. And then we had a little wine, we got to talking, and the next thing you know out of nowhere Ross comes on to me.
Rachel : What is?
Rachel : That-that you came on to me?
Rachel : But you did! I mean, let?s be honest.
Rachel : You know you kissed me first.
Rachel : I was sending you signals?
Rachel : Oh please. Okay, anyone in this room think that I would send Ross begging symbols, please show of hands. (Ross raises his hand and no one else.)
Rachel : Okay. So these signals Ross, explain this to me, ?cause maybe I need to be more careful. I mean, am I sending you these signals right now?
Rachel : No please, show me how I begged you!
Rachel : Oh Ross!
Rachel : Thank God you?re here! You have to help me! Were you just talking to yourself?
Rachel : (entering) Hey! Is Ross still here?
Rachel : Oh really? Well how would you like it if I had sex with you and I taped it? (Joey smiles luridly) Oh forget it! (Ross enters.) Oh there he is now, the father of my child, the porn king of the west village.
Rachel : Thank you. (She sets it on the floor and is about to stomp on it with her shoe when the rest of the gang jumps up and yells simultaneously.) What? (They all yell again.) You don?t want to see this do you?
Rachel : I am not gonna show you this!
Rachel : I wanna see it.
Rachel : Clearly you don?t want people to see this tape. Now I don?t want people to see this tape either, but you so badly don?t people to see it makes me want to see it. You see?
Rachel : Ahh, I don?t believe you. I think you don?t want them to see you begging me. (Goes to put the tape in the VCR)
Rachel : Ah, a little preview!
Rachel : Okay, here we go. (Pushes play.)
Rachel : (on tape) Oh, thank God you?re here! You have to help me! Were you just talking to yourself?
Rachel : There I am.
Rachel : (on tape) I screwed up so bad, I told Monica that I would stuff and send all these wedding invitations like weeks ago and I-I?
Rachel : (on tape) I-I know?I had put them in?in-in my desk at work and I completely forgot about them until today. (Chandler is shocked and Rachel gets scared of Monica very quickly.)
Rachel : Kinda hurtin? my hand though.
Rachel : (on tape) (Ross hands her a glass of wine) I cannot believe that I did this. Especially after Monica just went on and on and on about it! (Mimicking Monica) "Okay Rachel! Here are the invitations Rachel! Now be very careful Rachel! Please, drinking no liquids around the invitations Rachel!" (She tilts her wine glass above and moves it back and forth across the invitations) Whoa oh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh?oh-oh-oh? (Rachel hits fast forward. Monica is completely shocked.)
Rachel : (on tape) Can you believe this is already happening? I mean it seems like yesterday they just got engaged.
Rachel : (on tape) Oh, I remember how we almost. Do you think we would?ve gone through with it? Y?know, if we hadn?t gotten caught. Do you think we would?ve done it?
Rachel : (on tape) Oh I wanted to. (Ross and Rachel trade looks while watching the tape.)
Rachel : (on tape) Interesting.
Rachel : (on tape) Oh yeah, sure.
Rachel : Okay, in about ten seconds you?re gonna see him kiss me.
Rachel : (on tape) Ross did I ever tell you about the time that I went backpacking through Western Europe? (Joey?s shocked and everyone else looks at Rachel.)
Rachel : Okay, get ready to see some beggin?!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : What are you talking about?!
Rachel : How do you know about that story?!
Rachel : I heard it from my friend Irene who heard it from some guy!
Rachel : No. No, she told me his name was Ken Adams.
Rachel : So uh, apparently people are familiar with the Europe story?
Rachel : It was an amazing night.
Rachel : You think it looked amazing?
Rachel : Yeah, me neither. Yet?
Rachel : Yeah, it would be really weird. (Ross grabs the tape and heads for the VCR as Rachel goes over and puts the chain on the door and locks it.)
Rachel : Good luck to you. (Ross pushes play.)
Rachel : Oh please. (He does so.)
Rachel : You are undressing very quickly.
Rachel : Ah. (Pause) Oh.
Rachel : That?s what I was gonna say.
Rachel : Thank you! I had just gone to the beach that weekend.
Rachel : Have you been working out?
Rachel : Really? Wow, this is so much better than I? Ross and
Rachel : Ohh! Ew!
Rachel : Oh! Oh!
Rachel : Oh God!
Rachel : Oh, make it stop!
Rachel : Make it stop!!
Rachel : Have to make it stop!!
Rachel : Well don?t?What happened to Jessica?s body?!
Rachel : You don?t know do you?
Rachel : Oh! (Motions to Joey?s co-star.)
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Well, Joey probably thinks I?ll just embarrass him. Y?know, he thinks I?m some kind of a soap opera nut?Which I?m not! I?m not. Although I do know that your uh, your favorite ice cream flavor is butter pecan. (Starts stroking his arm) And uh, and that your-your dog?s name is Wally. Well look at that, I?m just stroking your arm.
Rachel : Oh, we?re leaving. Bye Kash.
Rachel : Say hi to Wally.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : I thought I was a complete idiot.
Rachel : Oh! Oh, I think I?m gonna throw up a little bit. What did you say?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Okay Joey, first of all Kash Ford is not people. Second of all, what did he say when you told him I was pregnant?
Rachel : Good-good, don?t tell him. Don?t tell him. Just have him call me okay?
Rachel : Okay, you go do it! I?ll come back to that set! I?ll meet more actors! I?ll meet ?em all!
Rachel : Hey, what do you think is a better excuse for why I?m not drinking on this date tonight. "Umm, I?m a recovering alcoholic. I?m a Mormon," or "I got so hammered last night I?m still a little drunk?"
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh no, I can?t. I got a date.
Rachel : Yeah. Why? Is that weird for you?
Rachel : Yeah?Ooh! Earrings! (Goes into her room.)
Rachel : (entering from her room) Hey guys do you think this is too slutty?Hi Kash!
Rachel : Yeah! All right, I?ll see you guys later.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Well I?m alone and I just bought fifteen dollars worth of candy bars, what do you think?
Rachel : I made the mistake of telling him that I was pregnant.
Rachel : Well better than you, but y?know still not what you want.
Rachel : He got all weird and sputtery and then he said uh, "Yeah, I hear those hemorrhoids are a bitch."
Rachel : Doesn?t he?
Rachel : Yes.
Rachel : Okay. (They sit on some front steps.)
Rachel : (thinks then gasps) Chandler M. Bing?
Rachel : Oh my God. (Laughs)
Rachel : Oh it?s all right. I?m guess I?m just done with the whole dating thing. It?s one more thing in my life that?s suddenly completely different. This is hard.
Rachel : Thanks sweetie.
Rachel : Oh no, I think I?m gonna go home and eat ten candy bars.
Rachel : Oh you did, there are twenty in here.
Rachel : Good night. (He kisses her on the cheek and heads to Central Perk.)
Rachel : Please tell me you?re not gonna dress up like a dinosaur.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : I am! I am a woman who spent a lot of money on a dress and she wants to wear it, because soon she won?t be able to fit into it.
Rachel : Ahh!
Rachel : Okay. (There?s a knock on the door.)
Rachel : Oh! Oh! Can I give out the candy? I really want to be with the kids right now. Y?know, ever since I got pregnant I-I have the strongest maternal instincts.
Rachel : (to them) Just a minute!!! (She takes the candy and opens the door to two parents, a witch, a clown, and a cowgirl.) Look at you guys! Wow! You are a very scary witch. (Gives her candy.)
Rachel : And you are a very funny clown. (Gives him candy.)
Rachel : (to the cowgirl) And you are so in style right now. Y?know, I work at Ralph Lauren and the whole fall line has got this like equestrian theme going on. I don?t suppose you saw the cover of British Vogue, but?
Rachel : Yeah. Sure. (Throws some in her bag and she walks away as Phoebe, dressed as Supergirl walks up and eyes Monica who eyes her back.)
Rachel : (To Monica) Oh, you did this to him?
Rachel : Oh! (Opens the door to reveal a ballerina) Well you?re just the prettiest ballerina I?ve ever seen.
Rachel : Oh wow! That deserves another piece of candy.
Rachel : Well, I have to say that earns tutu pieces of candy.
Rachel : Ohh? Oh, honey here. Take it all. (Pours the entire large bowl into her bag and closes the door.) Monica! We need more candy?
Rachel : Yeah I know, but one of them just said that she loved me so I just gave her everything.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Hi! Y?know what honey, we?re actually out of candy right now. But someone just went out to get some and I have been giving out money but I?m out of that too. Hey, can I write you a check?
Rachel : Okay, what?s your name?
Rachel : Okay, I?m just gonna write this out to cash.
Rachel : Hey Mona!
Rachel : Oh Gunther! You brought candy! Thank you so much for picking this up! You are so sweet.
Rachel : Honey, someday you are gonna make some man the luckiest guy in the world. (There?s a knock on the door.)
Rachel : Gotta go! (Opens the door to a boy in a cape.) Hi! Wow! There you go! (Hands him some candy.) Boy in the
Rachel : Oh yeah, we were but umm, now we?ve got candy. Boy in the
Rachel : Well, that-that?s not your choice. Happy Halloween! Boy in the
Rachel : Well is it fair that all you did was put on a cape and I gotta give you free stuff? Boy in the
Rachel : You shut up! (The gang gets interested now.) Boy in the
Rachel : Uh, I think I just did. And uh-oh, here it comes again. Shut up!
Rachel : (To Joey) Yeah I know?I?m good?I got it! (Joey slowly backs away.) (To the boy) Now wait a minute, I?ve got one more thing I have to say to you?oh right! Shut up! Boy in the
Rachel : No! Wait no! Shut up?I mean don?t cry! Let me get my checkbook! (Grabs her checkbook and runs after him.) [Cut to Mona and Joey clearing the dining room table for the grudge match between Chandler and Ross.]
Rachel : Hey! Well, I had to give the kid fifty bucks to stop crying.
Rachel : No, I also had to go to a couple houses with him as his girlfriend. Oh, I am just awful with children!
Rachel : Really? You think that?s all it is?
Rachel : Wow! What did he do?
Rachel : I can?t. I?m busy. I?m apartment hunting.
Rachel : Yeah, I can?t live with Joey once the baby comes. I don?t want my child?s first words to be, (in a baby?s voice) "How you doin??"
Rachel : Well, I haven?t discussed it with him yet, but I know he?s gonna be relieved. Last week, he brought this girl over and I started talking to her about morning sickness and then I showed her pictures from my pregnancy book.
Rachel : Not so much.
Rachel : Oh my God! Was she old? Does she have a view?
Rachel : Yeah that would really be great.
Rachel : Well can we see it?! Oh maybe we shouldn?t. I mean if she just died this morning out of respect.
Rachel : Shall we?
Rachel : And I?m Rachel, an admirer of the building.
Rachel : Ahh. Mrs. Verhoeven's
Rachel : So she?s really not dead. Mrs. Verhoeven's
Rachel : Hmm. Do you think?Could you tell me if she?s hanging in, in a one bedroom or a two?
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : How was the game?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Oh yeah! Hopefully across the street if certain Dutch people would just let go.
Rachel : Oh but Joey, I have to go. There?s no room for a baby here.
Rachel : Honey, it?s not just a matter of where you put it. I mean a baby changes everything. They cry all the time. I mean imagine bringing home some girl and trying to score when there?s a screaming baby around.
Rachel : Honey, it?s so sweet that you want me to stay, but I-I can?t do that to you. I mean it would disrupt your entire life.
Rachel : I know.
Rachel : I do too a little bit.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : You gave them to me!
Rachel : All right, I took them. But I figured it would be okay because you got a big ink stain on the crotch.
Rachel : What bra?
Rachel : You mean the one that you?re wearing? (Adjusts Monica?s pink bra strap as Monica looks down her shirt.)
Rachel : What is this?
Rachel : You?re so sweet. (Notices something in the crib.) Oh my God! And you gave the baby Hugsy! (A stuffed penguin wearing a ski jacket, goggles, and hat.)
Rachel : But Joey the baby is going to be crying, it?s going to be loud.
Rachel : It?s gonna be up all night!
Rachel : It?s gonna poop!
Rachel : What about all the women you want to bring home?
Rachel : Joey, are you sure?
Rachel : I want me to stay too.
Rachel : Thank you. (They hug.) Oh Joey and look at this crib! It?s so cute!
Rachel : Are you serious?Really?! It?s in such good condition.
Rachel : Wow! Whoa-whoa what?s under the covers?
Rachel : It?s moving.
Rachel : It?s still?(Screams)?It?s got a tail! Get it out of here! Get it out of here!!
Rachel : Ewww. Yeah. Umm. I think I?m gonna stay here.
Rachel : (coming from the bathroom) Hey Pheebs?
Rachel : I?m having dinner with my dad tomorrow night, do you wanna come?
Rachel : Oh no, no, I?ll be there too.
Rachel : No Phoebe! I just need you there for support. I haven?t told him I?m pregnant yet.
Rachel : ?Cause I know he?s gonna flip out and I hate it when he?s angry.
Rachel : What Phoebe? Wait! One time he caught me smoking he said if he ever saw me doing that again he?d make me eat the entire pack.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : (panicking) No you don?t.
Rachel : Well you could?ve untied it with your hands.
Rachel : Well actually umm?
Rachel : (To Phoebe) In case you didn?t notice, that is a scary man.
Rachel : This was such a huge mistake. I can?t tell him Phoebe. I can?t, I can?t, I can?t, I can?t?
Rachel : No it?s okay, this is what?s gonna happen. I?m gonna wait a couple years and then the baby will tell him.
Rachel : Hey, that is the?baby?s problem. (Dr. Green returns.) Oh, everything okay with the waiter? Dr.
Rachel : Well? Umm, I got TiVo. Dr.
Rachel : Phoebe! Dr.
Rachel : Well uh, yes and no. Except not no. So to sum it up, yeah. Dr.
Rachel : No, it?s Ross. It?s Ross. You like Ross. (He just shakes his head.) Oh daddy, I hope you?re okay with all of this. I mean think about it, this is a good thing. You?re gonna?This is your first grandchild! You?re gonna be a poppy! Dr.
Rachel : Yeah. Dr.
Rachel : Who? Dr.
Rachel : February 2nd! (Dr. Green exhales in relief.)
Rachel : I know. I know. I panicked, I panicked. I didn?t want him to start yelling at me like I was some ?74 Latour.
Rachel : All right here he comes. I?m gonna do this, I?m gonna tell him, I?m gonna be strong. Dr.
Rachel : Yeah? Dr.
Rachel : Really?! The Plaza?!! Oh daddy!! (Hugs him and Phoebe glares at her.) Right. Daddy, I need to talk to you. Please, sit down. Dr.
Rachel : There?s not gonna be a wedding. Ross and I are not getting married. Dr.
Rachel : I?m sorry daddy. Dr.
Rachel : Oh now daddy, stay calm. Please. Dr.
Rachel : Yes. Yes, he says I?m damaged goods.
Rachel : (quietly) Oh no?
Rachel : Ross I?m so sorry. Okay. I-I will promise I will straighten this out with him tomorrow in person, or via e-mail.
Rachel : Oh okay, I?ll fix that to. What?s her e-mail address?
Rachel : All right, I promise. I?ll fix this. I swear. I?ll-I?ll-I?ll-I?ll talk to her.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : I know Mona, just hear me out. First of all, I?m so sorry about my father yelling at you, but I heard you totally held your own. You?re gonna have to tell me how you did that.
Rachel : Okay. Um?But?Okay, yes Ross and I used to date. And yes we are gonna have a baby. But we are definitely not getting back together.
Rachel : Oh we just?we drove each other crazy!
Rachel : I mean he was possessive, he was jealous, he could never just let the little things go!
Rachel : Right! But, none of that compared to how kind and-and how gentle and thoughtful he is. (Rubbing his shoulder.)
Rachel : I know, I get it, but Mona, what relationship is not complicated? I mean we all have our baggage! You must too! Why else would you still be single? (Mona looks at her.) I am so gonna leave right now. (Ross opens the door for her and she leaves.)
Rachel : (entering) Forgot my purse! (Sees them kissing.) Oh, you guys made up. (To Mona) He?s a good kisser isn?t he? (Ross goes to close the door on her.) I?m going! (Quickly leaves and Ross locks the door.)
Rachel : About an hour ago.
Rachel : Yes! (She gets up and sets the phone on the counter without hanging it up.) Bye daddy. (Phoebe and her leave.) Dr.
Rachel : (looking at her fingers) Oh my?God! Let me see that! (Grabs the book from him.)
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh Pheebs that?s so sweet?(Grabs a pair of pants)?Ooh, those are so cute!
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Wow! I don?t remember him. Honey, are you sure you?re not talking about your imaginary boyfriend.
Rachel : Oh that?s nice.
Rachel : Remember I had to leave the room the other day when you had that roast chicken?
Rachel : (entering, carrying a baking dish) Hi!
Rachel : (sees Will) Oh my God Monica, who is that?
Rachel : Oh! I do not remember him! Wow! He's really got that sexy, smoldering thing going on. (We see Will angrily staring at Rachel.) Oh my God, he?s? Look at the way he?s just staring at me. I think he?s trying to mouth something to me, but I can?t make it out. (Will mouths, "I hate you.")
Rachel : Hi! Will, right?
Rachel : Hi! I?m Rachel Green.
Rachel : Really?! Aren?t you sweet! I gotta tell you though, I am, I am having the hardest time placing you. Oh-oh hang on! Did we umm, did we fool around at Lance Davis? graduation party?
Rachel : Thank you!
Rachel : All right, who would uh, like some yams? Will?
Rachel : What? (Joey starts offering Ross some turkey.) Oh y?know what? Can we please keep the chicken and the turkey and everything on the other side of the table? The smell is just yuck!
Rachel : I?m sorry. What?
Rachel : Umm, I?m sorry. Do you-do you have a problem with me?
Rachel : I?m-I?m?I had no idea. I?m sorry. I?
Rachel : Uh Will umm, I just want to say that I?m real sorry for whatever I-I did to you in high school?
Rachel : You had a club?!
Rachel : Whoa! My God! So what, you all just joined together to hate me?! Who else was in this club?
Rachel : (To Ross) So you were in an I Hate Rachel club?
Rachel : So who else was in this club?
Rachel : So Ross, we went out for two years, and you never told me you were in an I Hate Rachel club.
Rachel : Okay Monica, did you know about this?!
Rachel : Okay. So what? You guys would just like get together and like just say mean things about me?
Rachel : What rumor?
Rachel : Ross!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : (shocked) Oh my God!
Rachel : What?! You heard that?! (Goes and stands behind Joey.)
Rachel : Oh no!!!! Oh my God!! This is all making so much sense to me now! This is why Adam Carter wouldn?t go out with me! This is why Billy Tratt would just stay in this region! (Motions to her breasts.) (Joey has turned around.)
Rachel : Monica, how come you never told me this?!
Rachel : Joey stop staring! There?s nothing there! It?s not true!
Rachel : Oh! (Hits him and storms out.) [Time Lapse, dinner has ended for everyone except Joey who looks like to have finished the turkey, until he turns the plate around and reveals he only ate one side.]
Rachel : (entering carrying a book) Okay! Okay! Listen to what Sean McMahon wrote in my yearbook senior year, "Dear Rach, you?re such a good person." Not girl! Person!
Rachel : (reading what he wrote again) "Dear Rach, you?re a great person. Sorry about your tiney-wienie." (Will laughs.)
Rachel : Yes!
Rachel : I don?t care how long ago it was! You told people that I was half and half! Y?know what? I just want to point out I never did anything to hurt you in high school.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Yes it is! I saw you guys going at it behind the card catalog! (Ross is at a loss for words.)
Rachel : Ohh, there?s a picture of her in the yearbook actually.
Rachel : Wh?Phoebe!!
Rachel : All right, y?know?Fine! You guys have your stupid little club, but I would just like to say is what you did to me is way worse than what I did to you! You gave me a tiney-wienie! (Will laughs.)
Rachel : Wow?
Rachel : She?s right.
Rachel : You can keep those pants by the way. (Joey notices Monica has gotten a pie.)
Rachel : (entering) Hi!
Rachel : Oh my God! (Notices the boots) Oh Monica! Those boots are amazing!
Rachel : Return them?! Shh! They?re gonna hear you!
Rachel : (pause) He?s talking to the baby.
Rachel : Okay. Well, I gotta go you guys. I?ll see you later.
Rachel : Bye. (She gets up to leave but is stopped by Joey)
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : No, forget it! No way! I am not sending anymore Ralph Lauren clothes to prison. It is a waste.
Rachel : I guess I can talk to one of my supervisors?
Rachel : Really?! Oh my God! I?m successful!
Rachel : Yes! I?d love to! Have her come by the office.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Hi Monica!
Rachel : Hi boots.
Rachel : Ahh?
Rachel : Well-well you can give them to me! I haven?t felt my feet in years!
Rachel : Oh Joey, I?m hardly a?
Rachel : Right! Hi Dina!
Rachel : Nice to meet you. (They shake hands.)
Rachel : Okay. All right Dina, well let?s talk about the different areas of fashion that you could get involved in. Let?s see, there?s design, but you may need a whole other degree for that. Uh, there?s-there?s sales, which is great because you get to travel?
Rachel : (stunned) And there?s marketing?
Rachel : Honey, it?s going to be okay. He?s been incredibly supportive of me, and if he gets a little upset; that?s what the meatball sub is for. (She gives Dina a sandwich wrapped in aluminum foil.)
Rachel : Okay. (They enter.)
Rachel : Honey, why don?t you sit down? Dina has something that she wants to tell you.
Rachel : Joey?there?s something that you?should know. Dina?
Rachel : (To Dina) Now! Give him the sandwich! Give him the sandwich! (She quickly sets the sandwich in front of him.)
Rachel : What?! Dina?
Rachel : I know. (Joey storms back in and covering his face so he doesn?t see Dina grabs the sandwich and heads back out.) Commercial Break
Rachel : What college was that Dina? (Joey enters dragging a guy.)
Rachel : Joey, what are you doing?
Rachel : Oh Joey this is crazy!
Rachel : All right Joey! That is enough! (Grabs him and pulls him away from Bobby and Dina) Listen, as beautiful and moving as this ceremony is, it?s not legal. Okay? They-they don?t have a marriage license, they don?t have any witnesses, and the groom only has on one shoe!
Rachel : You?re supposed to realize that they are adults! And that they can make their own decisions.
Rachel : Heyyyyy! Contraceptives are not always effective! (To Bobby and Dina) Right?
Rachel : Oh, come on kids! A little help here!
Rachel : Joey, just because they?re not getting married doesn?t mean this is going to be a disaster. Maybe they have a plan!
Rachel : Hey, now wait a minute! I get when you told people at first that you wanted to be an actor they laughed at you! Now come on Bobby, why don?t you tell us a little bit about your band?
Rachel : (To Dina) Really? (Nods her head at Bobby.)
Rachel : Oh excuse me! Am I ruining my life?
Rachel : So forcing her to marry Bobby is gonna make that happen?
Rachel : Okay Bobby, why don?t we just come over here and let them have a little moment. (Drags Bobby away from Joey and Dina.)
Rachel : No! Seriously! What?s wrong with you?! Closing Credits
Rachel : Phoebe?
Rachel : Look at that guy by the window, wow!
Rachel : Oh, what is wrong with me lately? I mean it?s like every guy I see?I mean look here. (Points behind them) Look at that guy for example, I mean normally that?s not someone I would-would be attracted to, but right now, with the way I?m feeling, all I want to do is rip off his sweatpants and fanny pack.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Really?! So this has happened to you?
Rachel : Wow! This explains so much! Last weekend, I went from store to store sitting on Santa?s lap.
Rachel : Ah.
Rachel : Well, y?know what? I go see my doctor tomorrow, I?ll ask her about this. Maybe she can give me a pill or something.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh, okay. Hey, can I ask you a question? Was it me, or-or was the guy who took my blood sample really cute? Y?know who I?m talking about, bald haircut, hairy fingers? (Stops when she realizes it was her.) Dr.
Rachel : Yes, you are. Dr.
Rachel : Oh, really, really good. But enough about me, come on! Where-where are you from? What do you do? Dr.
Rachel : Right! Right! I-I actually meant in your spare time, do you cook? Do you ski? Or do you just hang out with your wife or girlfriend? Dr.
Rachel : Oh, I love to ski! How amazing is this?! Dr.
Rachel : No. I?m very comfortable. Dr.
Rachel : No! Shoot, Dr. Schiff what kind of question is that?! Dr.
Rachel : Well would you like me to lie down on the table? Dr.
Rachel : Do you feel it too?
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Well, let?s see. Uh, they gave me cute doctor today and in the middle of the exam I put my pinky in his chin dimple.
Rachel : Okay, even this is turning me on!
Rachel : Oh hey! Hey Ross! Hey how?s it, how?s it going with you and Mona? Are you guys still together?
Rachel : Uh Ross? You asked me that.
Rachel : I think, if it was a little colder in here I could see your nipples through that sweater.
Rachel : You gave her a key to your apartment?!
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Yeah. (They go into the kitchen.)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Phoebe no!
Rachel : No! I do not care what my hormones are doing, I am not going to just do it with some random guy!
Rachel : Yes. Hi, I?d like to order a pizza. Okay, can I ask you a question? Is-is the cute blond guy delivering tonight? Very Ambercrombie & Fitch. (Joey enters.) I?ll call you back.
Rachel : It?s just the pizza place.
Rachel : I?m sorry honey, I?m just having a, having a rough day.
Rachel : Oh you really, you really just don?t want to hear about it.
Rachel : Okay, it?s just?and this is really embarrassing?but lately with this whole pregnancy thing I?m just finding myself?how do I put this umm, erotically charged.
Rachel : Yeah. So y?know, I have all of these feelings and I don?t know what to do about them, because I can?t date like a normal person, which is fine because I don?t need a relationship, I mean all I really want is one great night. Just sex, y?know? No strings attached, no relationship, just with someone that I feel comfortable with and who knows what he?s doing. For just one great night, I mean is that really so?hard?to find. (Looks at Joey.) So how was your day?
Rachel : Well, I gotta get up early and it?s almost seven o?clock.
Rachel : Okay, good night!
Rachel : (entering) I didn?t ask you to do it!
Rachel : You?re Joey!
Rachel : Right back at ya!
Rachel : And so bad. I don?t even know what you?re talking about because I didn?t ask you to do anything!
Rachel : No!
Rachel : That?s the end of this conversation!
Rachel : Never happened! Good night!
Rachel : They made you head of the department!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Uh, Paul?s Cafe. They got great food and it?s really romantic.
Rachel : Yeah! Oh, and then afterwards you can take her to the Four Seasons for drinks. Or you go downtown and listen to some jazz. Or dancing?Oh! Take her dancing!
Rachel : Ooh, I miss dating. Gettin? all dressed up and going to a fancy restaurant. I?m not gonna be able to do that for so long, and it?s so much fun! I mean not that sitting at home worrying about giving birth to a sixteen pound baby is not fun.
Rachel : Huh?
Rachel : What?! Joey, you don?t want to go on a date with a pregnant lady.
Rachel : (interrupting) Okay! I?ll go with ya! I?ll go! I?ll go with ya.
Rachel : All right?
Rachel : Joey? Could you get that? (There is no answer and she goes and opens the door to Joey.) What are you doing here? I thought you were in your room?
Rachel : Ohh, Lilies. Joey, they?re my favorite. Thank you.
Rachel : Oh man! This is so great! I actually feel like I?m going on a real date! Although, I have a hint of morning sickness, and I?m wearing underwear that goes up to about?(She snaps the waistband on her underwear that is just slightly below her breasts)?there.
Rachel : Yeah, actually that?s my roommate?s.
Rachel : Ah yes, but he?s very protective of me so you?d better watch yourself.
Rachel : Hm-mmm.
Rachel : (laughs) Yeah, but I?m pretty sure he?s gay.
Rachel : Now the filet mignon, what comes with that?
Rachel : Emmm. Now, instead of the vegetables, is there anyway I can substitute the three-pound lobster?
Rachel : Wow! This is shaping up to be a pretty good date?Oh, I almost forgot. I didn?t pay you the rent check.
Rachel : Okay. Wow! So I get to see what Joey Tribbiani is like on a date. So do you have any moves?
Rachel : I knew it! I knew it. Come on tell me your moves.
Rachel : Oh my God. And that works?!
Rachel : Oh, you poor little famous man.
Rachel : (looks interested) Oh my God! Wow! That was fantastic, I almost leaned in. I really almost did!
Rachel : Alright. So where?d you grow up?
Rachel : Come on, just answer the question!
Rachel : And so were-were you close to your parents?
Rachel : Why not?
Rachel : (sympathetic) Oh. (Starts rubbing his wrist with her fingers.) It?s gotta be rough.
Rachel : Huh?
Rachel : Thank you! And now if you?ll excuse me, I have to go to the rest room.
Rachel : And now you?re watching me walk away.
Rachel : I am not gonna answer that!
Rachel : No one! They are my friends, I wouldn?t punch any of them.
Rachel : Yeah, but I don?t know why. Look at me, I?m having such a wonderful time!
Rachel : I know!
Rachel : Joey, I think everyone saw the wine come out of your nose.
Rachel : Well that is because you have never been on a date with me before.
Rachel : All right, now don?t judge me. I normally wait until my date leaves, but you live here. I?m ripping into this swan.
Rachel : So tell me, what are Joey Tribbiani?s end of the night moves?
Rachel : How do you do that?
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : No, I don?t want to tell you.
Rachel : Because it?s embarrassing.
Rachel : (laughs) Okay. All right, stand up. (They do so.) Well, when we?re at the door, I lightly press my lips against his, and then move into his body just for a second, and then I make this sound, "Hmmm." Okay, I know it doesn?t sound like anything, but I swear it works.
Rachel : All right, I gotta go to bed. Honey, I had such a wonderful time.
Rachel : ?you were 50 minutes late to the class, what did you crawl there?!
Rachel : Well, why didn?t you just take a cab?
Rachel : Well you?re not gonna be able to keep doing this.
Rachel : You what?
Rachel : Right. Wow!
Rachel : Hi! Hey, remember how last night we were talking about that movie Cujo?
Rachel : Relax! It?s not like it?s Citizen Kane!
Rachel : Yeah I know it?s really boring, but it?s like a big deal. Anyway, I was thinking about renting Cujo sometime.
Rachel : Well don?t you have that big date tonight?
Rachel : Hey Joey, can I ask you something?
Rachel : After our date last night, did you feel a little weird?
Rachel : I don?t know! (Pause) I?m-I?m kinda thinking it-it was the lobster?
Rachel : Yeah, I mean I was up sick all night.
Rachel : Really?! How come we didn?t cross paths?
Rachel : Oh God! Thank God you?re home! I?m watching Cujo.
Rachel : Yes! But what is wrong with this dog?!
Rachel : No! No! Seriously, what?s wrong with the dog?! Wait a minute, what are you doing home so early? What happened to your date?
Rachel : Oh. Do you want to watch the rest of the movie with me?
Rachel : Y?know, I never thought I?d say this about a movie, but I really hope this dog dies. (Joey brings over a stool at sits on it next to Rachel who?s in the big chair.) What are you doing over there? Come sit here, you protect me.
Rachel : Okay. (Pushes play.) Okay, that?s him! That?s him! That?s Cujo! That?s Cujo!
Rachel : Oh my God?.What?s he gonna do now? I can?t watch! (Drags Joey closer to her and cowers into his chest.) Oh. Seriously, how can you watch this? Aren?t you scared?
Rachel : (coming from her room) Hi, sweetie.
Rachel : Hi! Oh, Ross, don?t forget, we have that doctor?s appointment tomorrow!
Rachel : Yep! Happy and healthy! And cute!
Rachel : Popular.
Rachel : Oh yeah! I?ve come up with a bunch of ideas!
Rachel : Really?!
Rachel : Okay! I was thinking if it?s a girl, how about Sandrine? It?s French.
Rachel : Okay fine, what do you have?
Rachel : Wow, oh my God, our child will be beaten to death in the schoolyard.
Rachel : I?m really, really not.
Rachel : All right.
Rachel : Yeah! I don?t think you?re going to need it though. Okay, check this out. If it?s a girl, Rain.
Rachel : Why?
Rachel : Ross, why do you hate our child?
Rachel : Okay, James.
Rachel : But only if it?s a girl.
Rachel : Oh! I?m sorry! Are we having an 89-year-old? How about Dayton?
Rachel : Veto. Sawyer?
Rachel : Veto.
Rachel : Oh, oh my God! I can practically hear the mahjong tiles! Dr.
Rachel : But you have it right there in that file? You could tell us whether it?s a boy or a girl? Dayton or Sandrine? Phoebe or Phoebo? Dr.
Rachel : Right. Right. Dr.
Rachel : (looking at the bulletin board with baby pictures) So, which of these babies do you think is the ugliest?
Rachel : Third one from the left?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : I didn?t!
Rachel : Okay fine, I did. But I didn?t see anything, I swear.
Rachel : Okay, but Ross just listen to me?
Rachel : But I couldn?t even if I wanted to, because I don?t know! I swear; I didn?t see anything, and I don?t want to know! It was just a momentary lapse.
Rachel : (holding stomach) Okay, a couple months late on the lecture, Ross.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : You know what? I?ve been thinking about it. I?m really coming around on the name Ruth. I think I would actually consider naming our child that.
Rachel : I didn?t see anything! I actually changed my mind about the name.
Rachel : I would?Sequoia?
Rachel : Fine.
Rachel : But Ross, you want the name Ruth!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Ross, I swear, I don?t know.
Rachel : A what?!
Rachel : We?re having a girl?
Rachel : That?s what you just said!
Rachel : You said girl!
Rachel : I?m not! We?re having a girl! Sometimes I can?t believe it?s with you?But still! We?re having a girl!
Rachel : Oh, yes! We?ll have ourselves a little baby Ruth?
Rachel : Yes, please.
Rachel : (entering) Hey! Ross and I were looking for you! What are we all doing in here? (Looks at Chandler) Oh, my! (Covers the spot where Joey wants bubbles to be replaced.)
Rachel : No, I was waiting for you!
Rachel : We?re having a girl.
Rachel : (entering) Hi, sweetie.
Rachel : Oh Joey, I?m so happy things worked out for us that we?re having this baby together. I love you so much.
Rachel : And I hope it?s not an inappropriate time to say this but, you?re the best sex I ever had.
Rachel : (bursts into the room) Joey! Joey!
Rachel : Come feel this! Come feel my belly!
Rachel : Joey! The baby is kicking for the first time! Will you please come feel this?!
Rachel : Yes! (Joey starts to get up but stops.)
Rachel : Oh, okay! (She goes over to him and he feels her belly.)
Rachel : Aw, it?s unbelievable! Wow! She is kicking so much! Oh, she?s like umm?oh?who?s that kind of annoying girl soccer player?
Rachel : Mia Hamm!
Rachel : (looking down) Oh-oh!! One hand on the sheet Joe!
Rachel : It?s not kicking right now. Although we would love to see you do (Mimics him) that again.
Rachel : Last night! I just felt it and I went into Joey?s room and he was sleeping?
Rachel : Joey. Joey, something feels weird and not good weird. I don?t?Whoa!! (Winces in pain.)
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Okay. Oh God?Ow!?Oo!
Rachel : Hmm, mild discomfort. So I take it you?ve had one of these Braxton thingies?
Rachel : Thank you doctor. (Dr. Long exits.) (To Joey) Oh thank you for being so nice and calm.
Rachel : But wait you said everything was gonna be okay.
Rachel : But I?But everything is okay. I?m fine!
Rachel : Yes! Yes! I got half a mind to contract that doctor?s uterus though. Mild discomfort, what?s he talking about?
Rachel : Yeah, everything?s fine!
Rachel : Okay, no uterus, no opinion.
Rachel : Oh you went to the movies by yourself?
Rachel : Oh, I gotta go back in there.
Rachel : No, everything?s fine. I just gotta go back?
Rachel : I-I forgot my underwear. (Ross lets her go.)
Rachel : Hey Ross! Check it out! I learned a new trick!
Rachel : Ohh! That?s so sweet of you! Oh yum! (Takes a bite out of the sandwich and starts to get sick.) Did you put pickles on this?
Rachel : Oh Ross!! (Runs to the bathroom and closes the door.)
Rachel : Yeah, I?ll be fine. But could someone please make sure that sandwich is gone when I get out there?
Rachel : (entering) Well, if anyone is keeping score, I no longer eat tuna.
Rachel : What?s up?
Rachel : (Gasps) Are you breaking up with us?
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Are you asking me to move out? Do you not want me here?
Rachel : But Joey, I don?t think Ross wants me to move into his apartment and disrupt his life like that. I mean?(Ross turns to her with wishful eyes.)?Or he does.
Rachel : But Ross, its you and me!
Rachel : I don?t know. Is it crazy?
Rachel : Okay, let?s do it. I?ll move in.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Hi! Hey, Happy Valentine?s Day!
Rachel : It?s good. Except he makes us watch the Discovery Channel all day long. Did you know that something really boring happened to someone really ugly in the Middle Ages? (to the waitress handing her a cup of coffee) Oh, thank you. I?ll see you guys later.
Rachel : (entering) Hi.
Rachel : I accidentally packed these with my stuff. (looks at the dog and gasps) Who is this?
Rachel : (talking with a higher voice, and puckered lips?kind of like you do to a baby or...well?a puppy?it?s hard to explain. Just use your imagination!) Oh, well, you are so cute! I wish I could play with you more, but I?ve got to go to work! I hope I stop talking like this before my marketing meeting, yes I do. Yes I do. (still talking like that) Bye-bye, Joey. Oh, I seriously can?t stop it. (exits)
Rachel : Oh, I?ve got big Valentine?s plans! I?ve got my Chinese food on the way, and the rest of your saltwater taffy!
Rachel : Ross, we actually watched the documentary together. (There is a knock on the door.)
Rachel : Ooh! My Chinese food! Let me get my cash! (runs to her room to get her money)
Rachel : (entering) Oh, hey, Mona!
Rachel : I?ll be watching TV if anybody needs me. (exits to her room)
Rachel : I?m not here! That?s just my Chinese food!
Rachel : You know what I?m going to do? I?m going to get in my sweats, and eat this in bed! (exits)
Rachel : (entering) I?m just going to grab the phone.
Rachel : Oh, I?m sorry! Do you need the phone?
Rachel : (as Ross enters with a present) But, but, Mona, I live here.
Rachel : (entering) Hi! I?m so sorry to barge in on your Valentine?s, but I had to get away from all the yelling. Mona is dumping Ross.
Rachel : Why? You saw it? Is it scary?
Rachel : Well, now, wait. Now I?m all freaked out. Come on, you guys will watch it with me.
Rachel : C?mon, seriously, you guys, you?re not going to make me watch this alone!
Rachel : Okay. (watching the tape) Ooh, my! (Rachel jumps when the woman starts screaming) Woah! Why is that baby torturing that woman?!
Rachel : Uh! It?s horrible!
Rachel : Oh, my God! (Monica and Rachel both cover their eyes)
Rachel : What? Did her ass explode?!
Rachel : Oh, screw you guys, you don?t have to do it!
Rachel : (thinking) You?re going to have a baby, and you need to be prepared. Now, you?re going to make yourself watch the whole thing. Just do it! (Rachel puts the tape in the VCR) Woman on
Rachel : Oh-oh! Okay, she?s kicking!
Rachel : Whoa!!
Rachel : Wow that was a big one.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh yes I do. I do. I believe that there is one perfect person out there for everyone. And do you know how you find him? You stop looking for him. That?s why I stopped looking for Russell Crowe. He?ll find me.
Rachel : (To Phoebe) Well, what?s he like?!
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : Of course, of course.
Rachel : Oh sure. Older?
Rachel : Oh, I was just gonna ask!
Rachel : Oh, it?s so sad they never had a chance to meet.
Rachel : Joey? What?s up?
Rachel : Okay what?s up?
Rachel : Well honey, I?m late for a meeting. So can you just make it quick?
Rachel : Sure! That sounds great! Just leave me a message and tell me where to meet you. Okay? (Walks away.)
Rachel : ?and I know Chandler is kidding but it happens every time he touches my stomach. I mean I?m really worried the baby?s not going to like him. (Joey is staring at the table.) Are you okay?
Rachel : No. Not-not for me, but why don?t you take off your sweater?
Rachel : Oh my God! Really?! Can I see it?
Rachel : Huh. Wow, I wouldn?t think Hobbs would like that so much.
Rachel : Um, seven?e-e-eight, eight years. Wow.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : So you were saying?
Rachel : Okay, well you had asked me how long we had known each other, and I said, "Eight years." And the um, waiter came over and cut his tip in half, and umm?now here we are.
Rachel : (stunned) What?
Rachel : (looking around) Who are you talking too? Oh, you?re kidding! Oh, it?s a joke! (Laughs.) It?s funny. It?s funny. I don?t get it. (Joey doesn?t say any thing and Rachel realizes it?s not a joke.) Oh. (Pause) Okay. Umm? I-I?uh, wow. Are you uh? How did umm? When?
Rachel : Wow! Wow. Wow. Wow, it is hot in here.
Rachel : Joey, Joey I love you so much, but I?
Rachel : Joey.
Rachel : No! Joey please! Please don?t! Please don?t leave like this! Now come on, you cannot do this to a pregnant woman! (Starts to cry.)
Rachel : Can I? (Hug him.)
Rachel : Oh Joey honey I don?t?I don?t want to lose?
Rachel : I?m so sorry.
Rachel : Yeah, that was a real good one. Closing Credits
Rachel : Joey? Are you in there? [Cut to inside Monica and Chandler?s, Monica, Chandler and Joey are eating breakfast.]
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Is Joey here?
Rachel : Well, at least you make each other laugh.
Rachel : Well, I haven?t seen him since that night that he told me how he y?know? I don?t know, I think he?s avoiding me. Why is that bagel on the floor?
Rachel : Ew, was Chandler naked? Sort of like a, like a ring toss kind of situation?
Rachel : All right. Well listen, if you see Joey will you just tell him uh?tell him I miss him. (Exits and Joey enters.)
Rachel : Okay, I?m done. Do mine.
Rachel : Ah.
Rachel : Well, I have been spending a lot of time in the lab.
Rachel : Well just ask Mona to give it back!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : So I thought Joey and I would be okay once we hung out, but it?s not even like we know how to be with each other anymore.
Rachel : How do you know that? What if it just gets worse and worse and worse, to the point where we can?t even be in the same room with each other?!
Rachel : Oh my God!! You guys have such problems!! I feel so terrible for you!
Rachel : Oh yeah. That makes sense.
Rachel : Ooh, I can do that.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Yeah it?s umm? Yeah it?s uh? It-it?s y?know?It?s nothing.
Rachel : Yeah?No wait! Joey no wait it is. It?s something. It?s-it?s umm?it?s my boss.
Rachel : Yeah, and umm my baby.
Rachel : My boss wants to buy my baby!
Rachel : I know I told you, it?s a really big problem.
Rachel : Can you believe that?!
Rachel : That?s what I told him!
Rachel : Well I?ll tell ya! (Pause) See uh my-my boss and his wife?They-they can?t have children. So umm, and that?we were at the Christmas party, and he got drunk, and he said to me, "Rachel, I want to buy your baby."
Rachel : Ohh! Yeah! (Pause) Yeah that-that would?ve been a much simpler problem.
Rachel : (entering) Hey! Great advice on that Joey thing!
Rachel : Oh it was perfect! I mean it really felt like he was my friend again.
Rachel : Oh that?s not important. The point is, I really?I think everything?s gonna be okay.
Rachel : Hey! Oh Joey, honey listen, thank you for talking to my yesterday about that thing with my boss. That really meant a lot.
Rachel : (worried) What?
Rachel : Whoa-whoa-whoa, let?s say more!
Rachel : What?! Chandler and
Rachel : No! No, no-no-no Joey he doesn?t want to buy my baby! I made that up!
Rachel : So that we would have something to talk about! So it wouldn?t be awkward!
Rachel : (To Joey) I can?t believe that you yelled at my boss! I?m-I?m gonna lose my job! What am I going to do?!
Rachel : Oh Joey, I can?t believe you brought my boss into this! I?m gonna get fired!
Rachel : Well, she told me too! (Points to Monica and Joey glares at her.)
Rachel : Morning. You wanted to see me? Mr.
Rachel : Okay look Mr. Zelner? Mr.
Rachel : Yeah. (Motions for him to continue.) Mr.
Rachel : Oh God. Mr.
Rachel : Well, as long as we are clear about that. (Exits smugly.)
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : It?s all gonna be okay. They?re just so happy that I?m not suing them that they gave me one extra month paid maternity leave. So long as I understand that the money should not construed as a down payment on this or any other child I should bear.
Rachel : Chandler, can you give us a minute?
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Joey, I?m really sorry that I lied to you. I was just trying to make things?
Rachel : It kinda worked. I mean y?know, I don?t know about you buy I haven?t thought about our thing since all this.
Rachel : Yeah I know! I miss that.
Rachel : My gynecologist tried to kill me. Closing Credits
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Hey, do you guys have any extra ribbon?
Rachel : I, uh, think you already are.
Rachel : Yeah, yeah I like him a lot.
Rachel : Yeah, otherwise I?m not going.
Rachel : This is such a great party! 35 years. Very impressive, do you guys have any pearls of wisdom? Mrs.
Rachel : Hmmm?.
Rachel : Thank you?we?re so excited
Rachel : What?! Mrs.
Rachel : Yeah, if you?re going to do the ears, you might as well take a pass at the nosal area.
Rachel : No, I know I don?t either, but ya know what, it?s their party, and it?s just one night. And we don?t even have to lie; we just won?t say anything. If it comes up again, we?ll just?smile. We?ll nod along.
Rachel : Hmmmm?. Uncle
Rachel : Oh? Aunt
Rachel : (looking at the check) Unbelievable!
Rachel : Open it! Open it! Open it!
Rachel : But it was beautiful. I mean it was small, but kind of spectacular.
Rachel : On a cliff, in Barbados, at sunset, and Stevie Wonder sang Isn?t She Lovely as I walked down the aisle.
Rachel : Yeah, Stevie?s an old family friend. (Hits Ross?s chest)
Rachel : So would I. You wouldn?t think that Annie Liebawitz would forget to put film in the camera.
Rachel : What? I?m not you. This may be the only wedding I ever have. I want it to be amazing.
Rachel : Okay, Ross, it has to be realistic. (Cut to Phoebe and Parker)
Rachel : And my veil was lace, made by blind, Belgium nuns.
Rachel : Well, not at first, but it was very intricate work and they said even though they lost their sight, it was all worth it. Aunt
Rachel : Well, I don?t know about that, but some said that I looked like a floating angel.
Rachel : Oh yeah. That?s a great story.
Rachel : Shhh! I want to hear the rest!
Rachel : And the ring, was the size of my fist (makes a fist)! (Cut to Phoebe and Joey)
Rachel : Ross, it just wouldn?t have been feasible.
Rachel : It was really fun being married to you tonight.
Rachel : Okay Ross, can I uh, can I ask you something?
Rachel : That proposal, at the planetarium?
Rachel : Are you kidding?! With the, with the lilies, and-and the song, and the stars! It was?really wonderful! Did you just make that up?
Rachel : Well, that would?ve been very hard to say no too.
Rachel : Goodnight (They go off to their bedrooms)
Rachel : I will think about it.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : So, I?m in my apartment doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle, and guess who the clue is for three down. (She hands the magazine to Joey.)
Rachel : So did they call you to tell you your name?s gonna be in this?
Rachel : Oh, come on Joey! You will totally keep it in check this time, and plus y?know the publicity would be really good for your career! And you deserve that! And if you do the interview you can mention, oh I don?t know, gal pal Rachel Green?
Rachel : Okay, don?t listen to him. Please?
Rachel : Come on! We will be there for you the whole time! Just remember gal pal Rachel Green. (Excited) Ha-ha! I?m gonna be in Soap Opera Digest! And not just in the dumb crossword puzzle. (Looks at Joey.) Seriously, proud of you.
Rachel : Oh yeah, I?d actually love a blueberry muffin and a chamomile tea.
Rachel : That is the Coast Guard.
Rachel : It?s a trifle. It?s got all of these layers. First there?s a layer of ladyfingers, then a layer of jam, then custard, which I made from scratch. [Joey and Ross make impressed faces] Then raspberries, more ladyfingers, then beef sauteed with peas and onions, [Joey and Ross look like something?s wrong.] then a little more custard, and then bananas, and then I just put some whipped cream on top! [Time lapse, Ross and Joey are eating Rachel?s disaster.]
Rachel : Oh! Yay! Look! There?s a piece that doesn?t have floor on it!
Rachel : Hey, come on now! (Joey finishes climbing the stairs and sees them. Chandler and Rachel both stop and look up at him. Joey sits down on the step.)
Rachel : (interrupting him) Hi! I?m gal pal Rachel Green, and if you want the dirt, I?m the one you come too. This might be Joey?s baby (rubbing her stomach), who knows? I?m just kidding?Seriously, (leans into the cassette recorder Shelley is using) gal pal Rachel Green.
Rachel : (scoffs at him) Yeah, that?s gonna get you into Soap Opera Digest. Well I?(leans into the microphone again)?I would just like to say that Joey truly has enriched the days of our lives.
Rachel : You too!
Rachel : Oh, Joey! Sorry!
Rachel : Oh but look! That?s gonna leave a stain!
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : I?ve never lived like this before.
Rachel : Ewwww!!
Rachel : (turning to look at Joey) Ewwww!!
Rachel : Oh my God, Jill!
Rachel : This is Chandler. (Points at him.)
Rachel : And you know Monica and Ross!
Rachel : And that?s Phoebe (points), and that?s Joey.
Rachel : Don?t!! (Joey backs away frightened.) [The final one is from Episode
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Wow! I can?t believe they didn?t put it in the part where you said you didn?t watch soap operas.
Rachel : (entering) Hi!
Rachel : So what?s the final head count on my baby shower?
Rachel : What?! You mean they?re not coming to a social event where there?s no men and there?s no booze?! That?s shocking! I don?t care, as long as my mom?s here.
Rachel : What?! My mom?s not gonna be here?!
Rachel : My God!
Rachel : So my mother is not coming to my baby shower?!
Rachel : Please, make sure she comes. It?s really important to me, I mean it?s my mom!
Rachel : I don?t know.
Rachel : Okay. (Mrs. Green helps her up and they walk over and get some tea.) Mrs.
Rachel : Oh well actually gonna use a nanny and uh, I don?t even have a housekeeper. Mrs.
Rachel : Mrs. Kay! Oh yeah, she was sweet. She taught me Spanish. I actually think I remember some of it, tu madre es loca. (I think that?s your mother?s crazy.) Mrs.
Rachel : Well, however great she was I just can?t afford that. Mrs.
Rachel : What? Mrs.
Rachel : Wh-wh-what? What? Mrs.
Rachel : Yes. Yes I do.
Rachel : Why did you invite my mother?!
Rachel : She wants to move in with me and Ross to help take care of the baby.
Rachel : Eight weeks. I mean I love my mother, but my God, a long lunch with her is taxing.
Rachel : What? You guys, come on! What am I going to do?
Rachel : You?re right. You?re right. I mean I?m about to have a baby, I can tell my mother that I don?t want her to just be sleeping on my couch! Oh my God! She?s gonna want to sleep in my bed with me. This cannot happen!
Rachel : Okay. (She goes over to tell her mother.)
Rachel : Mom that?s okay that you didn?t get you a gift! Mrs.
Rachel : Oh yeah. Okay, see mom, the truth is I can do this on my own. Mrs.
Rachel : But mom, I really know what I?m doing. I can handle this. Mrs.
Rachel : He was a hamster! I am not going to vacuum up my baby!
Rachel : Wow!
Rachel : Oh my gosh! Oh wow! Oh, I know what this is! (She?s holding an item with a large suction cup connected to a yellow plastic box, with a long narrow tube and bottle connected the yellow part.) Wait a minute. That can?t be right. Is that a beer bong for a baby? Mrs.
Rachel : Did I say I was done guessing? Okay, thank you for that. Oh wow! What?s this?
Rachel : Oh, it dispenses clean diapers!
Rachel : Well that?s gross, why don?t you just take it outside and throw it in a dumpster? Mrs.
Rachel : What?! It goes ten times a day! What are we feeding this baby?! Indian food?! Mrs.
Rachel : I don?t know, I?d leave it on the changing table? (Everyone gasps.) What?! What?d I do? What?d I do?! Mrs.
Rachel : Oh come?(Stutters)?Of course I know that. I mean of course you never leave a baby alone! I mean who would?she wouldn?t be safe as she would be with me, the baby dummy. Oh God, okay. Y?know what? I think opening the presents right now is a little overwhelming right now. So I think umm, I?m just gonna maybe open them a little bit later, but thank you all for coming. And for these beautiful gifts, and this basket is beautiful.
Rachel : Okay mommy, don?t ever leave me. (Hugs her.) Commercial Break
Rachel : So umm, you?re gonna stay with me as long as I need you? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh mom, I swear I?m not an idiot. I?ve read all kinds of books on pregnancy and giving birth, but I-I just didn?t think to read the part about what to do when the baby comes. And-and then guess what? The baby?s coming and I don?t know what to do. Oh, can I throw up in my diaper genie? Mrs.
Rachel : Wait-wait where are you going? Where are you going? Mrs.
Rachel : Okay. Mrs.
Rachel : Oh we did, but my mom got us the greatest gift of all.
Rachel : No. She?s going to live with us for eight weeks.
Rachel : Yes! She?s gonna help us take care of the baby! Woo-hoo. (Sees that Ross isn?t happy.)
Rachel : I do. I really do. I don?t know anything.
Rachel : Oh no? Pheebs? Monica? Do I know anything about babies?
Rachel : Hello?! I still don?t know what the hell I?m doing!
Rachel : I hope you?re going somewhere with this.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Thank you. (Hugs him.) Mrs.
Rachel : (closing a book) Okay! I?m ready.
Rachel : Yes, I?ve done my studying and I really know my stuff.
Rachel : Uh, put your elbow in it.
Rachel : Full, dry, on its back, and no loose covers.
Rachel : Check if it?s wet, check if it?s hungry, burp it!
Rachel : A card! A card! I pick a card!
Rachel : Yeah but y?know what they say Mon, "There?s no such thing as bad press."
Rachel : I didn?t write it.
Rachel : Ross!
Rachel : I am freaking out!
Rachel : My due date is in one week!
Rachel : That is seven days!
Rachel : (interrupting him) No-no-no-no-no Ross! Please, come on we do not have any of the big stuff we need! We do not a changing table! We do not have a crib! We do not have a diaper service!
Rachel : I?m serious.
Rachel : Okay. Thank you. That?s great. Thank you. Wait-wait! Where on west 10th? Because there?s this really cute shoe store that has like this little?
Rachel : (stopping him) Oh, wait Ross! I?m sorry, one more thing!
Rachel : Umm, our situation. Y?know umm, what we mean to each other. And I mean we-we?re having this baby together, and we live together. Isn?t that, isn?t that weird?
Rachel : I?m just kidding! You can go pee! (He does so in a hurry.)
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : No-no-no! No, no, no, we?re not married.
Rachel : Oh yeah! Actually, that?s one of the reasons why we?re not a couple.
Rachel : Oh. Oh yeah, don?t get to worked up over it. I mean it-it sounds like he?s a doctor, but he?s not.
Rachel : Oh my God! I?m standing at a cash register, holding a credit card, and I?m bored.
Rachel : Hi Pheebs!
Rachel : Oh, it was great! We got everything that we needed! Oh and Ross, almost got something that wasn?t on the list. A whore.
Rachel : Well, we were paying for our stuff and this saleswoman just started flirting with him.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : You don?t understand! You didn?t see how brazen she was.
Rachel : No! I?m not! I-I-I just think it?s wrong! It?s-it?s that I?m?Here I am about to pop and he?s out picking up some shop girl at Sluts ?R? Us!
Rachel : Oh yeah! You really?You look great.
Rachel : Chandler, I?m not gonna lie to ya, but I am gonna run away from you. (Gets up and hurries out.)
Rachel : All this stuff takes up a lot of room. Hey how uh, how serious are you about keeping Ben in your life?
Rachel : Horny bitch. (They both look at her, pretending that the dinosaurs she?s holding are arguing.) No! You?re a horny bitch! Noooo! You?re the horny bitch! No! You?re a horny bitch! Commercial Break
Rachel : So you guys go, have a really good time.
Rachel : So, you had a good day huh? Big commission; picked up a daddy.
Rachel : Oh yeah! Yeah please, you guys have fun.
Rachel : Oh and it was great to see you too. And you look fantastic, although you missed a button.
Rachel : Oh okay, I see what you?re doing there.
Rachel : Hi! You?re back from your date!
Rachel : I?m fine, but that?s not important. What?s important is how was she?
Rachel : Oh uh-huh, uh-huh, coffee, a little rub-rub-rub under the table.
Rachel : No! No, she?s?She was nice. I mean, she?s a little slutty, but who isn?t?
Rachel : Of course you did Ross, you would date a gorilla if it called you Indiana Jones!
Rachel : No! It?s just that, Kate bothered me.
Rachel : There was nothing wrong with her! All right? She was perfectly lovely!
Rachel : I don?t want you to date her!
Rachel : Yes! And not because I want you to go out with me, but because I don?t want you to go out with anybody! Okay? I know it?s a terrible thing to even think this, and it?s completely inappropriate, but I want you to be at my constant beck and call 24 hours a day! I?m very sorry, but that is just the way that I feel.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Really? But I?m being so unreasonable.
Rachel : (starting to cry) Oh Ross, thank you. Thank you. (They hug.)
Rachel : No, not really. You?re pressing the baby into my bladder and now I have to pee. Sorry. (She gets up and starts for the bathroom.)
Rachel : Yeah. (Stops and starts doing the I-have-to-go-to-the-bathroom dance.)
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : (pause) Wow! I don?t know, maybe. I?m?
Rachel : (laughs) I knew that! I knew that! I was just messin? with you too!
Rachel : Oh no-no-no-no, no!
Rachel : No that?s just?(Laughs)?That?s just ?cause I?m such a good messer! (They both laugh. Ross sits down, but Rachel doesn?t move and is lost in thought.)
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Right! (Heads for the bathroom.) Closing Credits
Rachel : Well obviously I won?t be able to come, for those of you who haven?t checked their calendars today is my due date. Well y?know, I just want to take a moment and thank you guys for how great you?ve been during this time. I really couldn?t have done it without you. And I have loved these last nine months! And even though I am so looking forward to the next part, I am really gonna miss being pregnant.
Rachel : That?s right, still no baby! (To Monica, Joey, and Chandler on the couch) Come on people! Please make some room!
Rachel : You. Like you haven?t done enough.
Rachel : God. (Sits down.) I have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life!
Rachel : (interrupting her) Oh Phoebe, that?s a great story. Can you tell it to me when you?re getting me some iced tea? (Phoebe gets up and Rachel groans.) (To the baby) Oh God, get out! Get out!! Get out!! Get out!!
Rachel : Do you want me to come over there and sit on you? ?Cause I?ll do it.
Rachel : They sent me home from work. They were like, "Start your maternity leave now! Just rest, get ready for the baby." Well y?know what? Screw ?em! If they don?t want me there, I?ll just hang out with you guys.
Rachel : (overhearing that) What-what about me?
Rachel : I don?t. But I would still like to be acknowledged. What? Just because I?m pregnant you think I?m invisible.
Rachel : Oh, I have to pee. If I don?t come out in five minutes it?s because I?ve choked to death on the potpourri stink. (Goes into the bathroom.)
Rachel : (calling from the bathroom) All right, who?s turn is it to help me get up! (They both look at each other, then Phoebe gets an idea.)
Rachel : Oh, I have to go pee. Apparently this baby thinks that my bladder is a squeeze toy. (Goes to the bathroom.)
Rachel : In a minute!!!
Rachel : (entering) All right, all right. Let?s go!
Rachel : No, I?m fine.
Rachel : Ross, it is 100 degrees outside. For the first time in weeks, I am somewhat comfortable.
Rachel : Oh uh-uh pal! Don?t call me mommy! It?s bad enough you call your own mother that. (He looks at Monica.)
Rachel : Ross.
Rachel : Can I ask you something?
Rachel : When Carol was pregnant with Ben?
Rachel : ?were you this irritating?
Rachel : Excuse me?!
Rachel : Well then you just must have a natural talent for it.
Rachel : (silently) Okay. (Pause) Seriously, breathe louder Ross! That?s great!
Rachel : Hi Dr. Long, how are you?
Rachel : She has the drugs! Dr.
Rachel : Okay. (Rachel lies back.) Dr.
Rachel : Yeah. Dr.
Rachel : Eh, just a tad. Dr.
Rachel : Well, we are ready to try anything. Dr.
Rachel : Okay. Dr.
Rachel : Great! We will do all of those. Dr.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : No. But she did give us some ideas on how to induce labor.
Rachel : Well, there is one thing that we haven?t tried, but someone thinks that, (mimicking Ross) "That will open up a can of worms."
Rachel : Why? Why today?
Rachel : I?ll take that bet.
Rachel : Well, I?m miserable here! I might as well make some money out it!
Rachel : Oh honey, don?t worry. I really do feel like tomorrow?s the day.
Rachel : Ross I?We tried all the spicy food. It?s not working.
Rachel : I am feeling nothing. Speaking of hot, watching you do that really makes me want to have sex with you.
Rachel : Oh come on Ross, why are we wasting our time with this other stuff?! We know what?s gonna work! It?s doctor recommended!
Rachel : Oh come on Ross, we?ve done it before we?ll do it again, it?ll be a nice way to bookend the pregnancy.
Rachel : Make love? What are you a girl?
Rachel : But you will, you will be performing a service. Okay? Just-just think of me as a ketchup bottle, y?know you sometimes you have to bang on the end of it just to get something to come out.
Rachel : Oh, I know it. You?re right. That?s not sexy. Oh?Oh! (Drops a fork on the floor.) Whoops! Oh, I seem to have dropped my fork. Let me just bed over and get it. (Tries too, but can?t quite seem to make it.) Oh God!
Rachel : Come on Ross! I?m miserable here! Come on! You started this, now you finish it! Come on wuss, make love to me.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Oh wow! What now Ross you?re not gonna talk? How on earth will you ever annoy me? Oh wait a minute, I know. (Mimics his breathing.) I mean you?d think the damn jalepeno would?ve cleared up your sinuses, but no!! That?s not enough? (Ross jumps over and kisses her.) What are you doing?!
Rachel : (breaking the kiss) Oh God!
Rachel : Oh no. No-no! I think my water just broke.
Rachel : Okay! I got the keys! Okay! Okay!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : I didn?t uh, really have time to read this part of the books, but do you think we have time to?
Rachel : Okay. Closing Credits
Rachel : (deadpan) Yes, the hard part is truly over.
Rachel : Hi! (Ross is stunned.)
Rachel : Ross, you stay here and talk, I?m gonna go have a baby.
Rachel : (interrupting her) Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I?m sorry, semi-private? We (Laughs), we asked for a private room.
Rachel : Okay. Just give us a second. Ross! (They walk away from the desk.)
Rachel : Give her some money.
Rachel : They?re not!! Ross, they?re just saving them for the important people!! Okay?! What-what if I was the president?!
Rachel : (standing up) Okay. Y?know what? I?d have to say I really don?t care for your tone. And this is not the only hospital in this city and we have no problem to?Whoa! (She starts a contraction) Oh gosh! Whoa!
Rachel : Ow! Ow! Contraction. (Sits back down.) Ow-ow! Ow-ow! (Starts breathing heavily.)
Rachel : Yeah, it couldn?t hurt to look. Opening Credits
Rachel : Oh, okay. Dr.
Rachel : Thank you. (Dr. Long exits.) Well, I guess we have some time to kill.
Rachel : Yeah well it looks great! (A nurse shows another couple into the room.)
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : How are you?
Rachel : Yeah it is.
Rachel : That?s so sweet.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Oh no, I really don?t want any?(He takes the picture)?Oh! Thank you. Oh. Oh Ross?
Rachel : Here comes another contraction.
Rachel : Oh, that?s very?Really very-very okay.
Rachel : (simultaneously as Ross) No, I don?t think we?ll be doing that.
Rachel : Oh. Oh wait no.
Rachel : No-no-don?t! Don?t leave me here with these people.
Rachel : No Ross! Ross! Ross! My child has no father!
Rachel : Hi! Mrs.
Rachel : Oh, thank you so much for coming. Ross, get in here! (Mrs. Geller leaves as Ross re-enters the room.)
Rachel : New people.
Rachel : They?re having their baby! It?s not fair Ross we got here first! Right after you left they wheeled her off into delivery. Oh but not before she gave me a juicy shot of little Jamie just crowning away.
Rachel : Well they have uh, some unusual pet names for each other. Including umm, evil bitch and uh, sick bastard. Oh God oh! Contraction!
Rachel : Ooh! Ow!! Evil
Rachel : Ross.
Rachel : He?s looking at me.
Rachel : Ugh, is she pregnant yet? She doesn?t need to be; she?ll still have the baby before I do. Oh Ross, another contraction! (Leans back on Ross for some support.)
Rachel : Yeah it was.
Rachel : Dr. Long, I?ve been at this for seventeen hours! Three women have come and gone with their babies, you gotta give me some good news! How many centimeters am I dilated? Eight? Nine? Dr.
Rachel : Hey, y?know what? I?m not waiting! I?m gonna push this baby out! I?m doing it! I mean it?s what? Three centimeters? That?s gotta be like this! (Holds her hands a couple inches apart.)
Rachel : Oh stupid metric system! (Another woman with a nurse and doctor enter, the woman is screaming.)
Rachel : Oh for the love of God! Woman Giving
Rachel : Oh come on!!
Rachel : Okay! Okay wait! You listen to me! You listen to me! Since I have been waiting four women, that?s four, one higher than the number of centimeters that I am dilated, have come and gone with their babies! I?m next! It?s my turn! It?s only fair! And if you bring in one woman and she has her baby before me I?m going to sue you! Not this hospital, I?m going to sue you! And my husband (Points at Ross) he?s a lawyer!
Rachel : Go get back on that case honey!
Rachel : Okay, well then bring her in. (Another nurse wheels the next pregnant woman in.)
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : I get it!
Rachel : Oh we-we didn?t.
Rachel : Just tell me how.
Rachel : Oh hi.
Rachel : Oh not bad. Do you know that feeling when you?re trying to blow a Saint Bernard out your ass?
Rachel : Oh that?s five Ross. Five women have had five babies! And I have had no babies! Why doesn?t she want to come out?
Rachel : Oh. Look at you making up crap for me. Oh God! (Starts another contraction as Dr. Long enters.) Dr.
Rachel : Doctor you gotta do something! I think you gotta give me drugs or you gotta light a fire up in there and just smoke it out. Dr.
Rachel : What? Dr.
Rachel : My God. Okay. (Another woman enters.) Ha-ha-ha beat ya! Sucker!
Rachel : 3-2-1 oh!! Dr.
Rachel : I can?t. I can?t push anymore, I can?t.
Rachel : Oh God twenty seconds my ass!! Dr.
Rachel : Don?t say, "Oh my God!" Oh my God what?
Rachel : Oh God. Is she gonna be okay? Dr.
Rachel : I?m sorry, I can?t!
Rachel : I can?t!
Rachel : I can?t. Please, you do it for me.
Rachel : Are you okay?
Rachel : Oh God!
Rachel : Oh, she?s so tiny. (Starts crying) Where?d she go?
Rachel : Okay. Well be careful with her, she?s really tiny. Dr.
Rachel : Oh hey you. Thanks for coming out of me. (The baby cries.) I know. Oh. Yeah. Oh, she?s looking at me. Hi! I know you. Dr.
Rachel : No, not yet. Dr.
Rachel : Oh no, Baby Girl Geller-Green. (Ross and Rachel look into each other?s eyes and kiss.)
Rachel : Hello baby girl. Commercial Break
Rachel : Here. (Hands her to Monica.)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh nothing I? Sorry, I just can?t stop crying.
Rachel : So? You guys are all sleep deprived. I don?t see you weeping because you put your slippers on the wrong feet. Oh God. (Starts to cry harder.)
Rachel : I was reliving it.
Rachel : Yeah, and y?know what? I love them both, so why don?t you just pick one and that?ll be it.
Rachel : That?s not her name! I?m sorry, she just doesn?t feel like an Isabella.
Rachel : Oh great! Suddenly she sounds like a biblical whore.
Rachel : Well what are we going to do?
Rachel : Well tell us! What are they?
Rachel : And if it?s a girl?
Rachel : Oh, just tell us! We?re not gonna want it!
Rachel : (gasps) Emma! (Looks at the baby and starts to cry.) See? I don?t want it.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh honey, but you love that name.
Rachel : Ohhh! (Looks at Aaron and recoils in horror.) Wow! He kinda takes your breath away doesn?t he?
Rachel : Oh, I?m fine. (Gasps in pain as she sits down.)
Rachel : Oh, I?m not doing it alone. I have Ross.
Rachel : Well then he gets a divorce, it?s Ross!
Rachel : Well I?That?s never gonna happen with Ross.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Well? That?s?y?know?That?s?We?ve been alone for the last twenty minutes we?re doing okay. Besides y?know what? I-I?Maybe we won?t be alone, ?cause lately I-I?things have been happening between me and Ross, y?know? Right before I went into labor, we-we had this kiss. Y?know? So it might be the?the beginning of something.
Rachel : Uh-huh. (Ross takes off his coat and sets in on a chair.) Y?know what I was, I was thinking about?
Rachel : Umm?that kiss before we left the apartment. That was some-something huh?
Rachel : (pause) Right.
Rachel : No! No, of course not. No. That?s why I brought it up. (Pause) They didn?t have any sodas?
Rachel : That?s all right. (He goes to get her a soda.) And so it begins.
Rachel : Nothing.
Rachel : Really it?s nothing. I?m just?
Rachel : I?ve just been thinking about how my baby and I are gonna be all alone.
Rachel : Oh please, he?ll be with his real family, the twins and little miss new boobs.
Rachel : I?m just saying that y?know, someday Ross is gonna meet somebody and?he?s gonna have his own life. Right?
Rachel : I just never thought I would raise this baby all by myself. Pretty dumb huh?
Rachel : Joey. Honey what would I do without you? (They hug.)
Rachel : Oh, hon can you grab me my other box of tissues? They?re right on that chair under Ross?s coat.
Rachel : Okay. (He moves Ross?s coat to get the tissues and the engagement ring box Mrs. Geller gave him falls out of the pocket it was inside. Joey goes to one knee, picks up the box, opens it, and sees that it?s an engagement ring.)
Rachel : Joey. (He turns to face Rachel on one knee with the box open.)
Rachel : (seeing the ring) Oh my God. (Pause) Okay. (Joey is stunned.) [Cut to Ross getting of an elevator carrying a bouquet of flowers and walking down the hall to Rachel?s room.] [Fade to black.] Closing Credits {Transcriber?s
Rachel : Joey. (He turns to face Rachel on one knee with the box open.)
Rachel : (seeing the ring) Oh my God. (Pause) Okay. (Joey is stunned.) [Cut to Ross getting of an elevator carrying a bouquet of flowers and walking down the hall to Rachel?s room.] [Cut back into Rachel?s room.]
Rachel : So uh?I guess we should?make it official huh?
Rachel : Hey you.
Rachel : Uh yeah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Rachel : I know, I still need to talk to you.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Uhh? I think I just got engaged.
Rachel : Well?did you know he was gonna ask me?
Rachel : And you really think this is a good idea?
Rachel : I just don?t know! It just doesn?t feel right.
Rachel : Really?! Even Ross?
Rachel : I guess so.
Rachel : I can?t say that I?m surprised.
Rachel : Of course! Oh Joey, this ring I?it?s beautiful I love it!
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : Yeah! Hi Emma. Hey, why do you think she won?t take my breast?
Rachel : Okay sweetie, you can do it. Just open up and put it in your mouth.
Rachel : I?m sorry honey, what were you saying?
Rachel : Oh look, she?s pulling away again! Do you think my nipples are too big for her mouth? (Joey gets embarrassed.) She looks scared. Doesn?t she look scared?
Rachel : It?s just so frustrating! Why doesn?t she want my breast?!
Rachel : Hey. I need to tell you something.
Rachel : Joey asked me marry him.
Rachel : Joey proposed to me.
Rachel : Well, I-I said yes.
Rachel : I know. Days of Our Lives, thank you very much.
Rachel : Why not? I don?t want to do this alone! And he?s such a sweet guy and he loves me so much.
Rachel : Sure.
Rachel : Yeah, I mean whatever.
Rachel : No. No, I don?t. Could you be a dear and go tell him?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Surprised?
Rachel : I know.
Rachel : You didn?t propose to me. Joey did.
Rachel : Uh? You didn?t propose to me, Chandler didn?t propose to me, but Joey did. (Joey enters.)
Rachel : Yes you did!
Rachel : Well then why did you give me a ring?
Rachel : Yes, you did!
Rachel : Yes, you did!
Rachel : Yes, you did! And don?t you say, "No, I didn?t!"
Rachel : He was right there. He got down on one knee and proposed.
Rachel : Yeah, what did happen?
Rachel : Yeah, but you said, "Will you marry me?"
Rachel : Yes, you did!
Rachel : Yes, you did?Oh my God you didn?t! (Screams) Well then why didn?t you tell me that before?!
Rachel : Well then Joey, what the hell were you doing with an engagement ring?!
Rachel : You were gonna propose to me?
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : She?s doing it Look, she?s breast-feeding look!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Oh wow, this feels weird.
Rachel : Wonderful weird.
Rachel : Honey don?t worry, it was my mistake.
Rachel : She?s perfect.
Rachel : We really are.
Rachel : I know. I know. I?ve feeling?
Rachel : Yeah. (Laughs nervously)
Rachel : Yeah, maybe.
Rachel : Wh-what?s that?
Rachel : I?m sorry, what?
Rachel : Okay you have to realize, I was exhausted, I was emotional, I would have said yes to anybody. Like that time you and I got married! (Pause) I?m not helping.
Rachel : That is right and traditionally the daddy is supposed to give the mummy a present but I am prepared to let that go.
Rachel : Well?Really? I thought Chandler was your best friend.
Rachel : Ooooo!
Rachel : (enters with Emma) Hi!
Rachel : Oh you guys thanks for doing this.
Rachel : Oh Ah! (Sees a big stuffed gorilla) Oh my gosh there?s something every mother needs, a giant stuffed gorilla that takes up the entire apartment! What are people think? (Reads the card) Oh you guys I love it.
Rachel : He?s downstairs getting the rest of the stuff out of the cab.
Rachel : Well, you more then me, but he can?t stay to mad at me. I mean, I just had his baby.
Rachel : Yeah, I?m not so sure you should be here when he comes up.
Rachel : Oh great, the pacifiers?
Rachel : The burping clogs?
Rachel : The diapers?
Rachel : Alright thanks, oh Ross could you stop by the coffee house and get me a muffin?
Rachel : Umm let me think...What do I want, what d-o I w-a-n-t...
Rachel : Blueberry.
Rachel : Thanks.
Rachel : God how long do you think that?s gonna last?
Rachel : Y?know I can?t even worry about that right now, cause I got the cutie little baby, oh I can?t believe how much I love her, I can?t get enough of her, like right now I miss her. I actually miss her.
Rachel : Oh god look at her sleeping. Oh, I love her so much! Oh, I think I?m gonna wake her up.
Rachel : Well I can do whatever I want! I made her! (Waking Emma up.) Come on little girl, hi! (Emma starts crying)
Rachel : Oh I?m sorry mummy?s so sorry go back to sleep go back to sleep. Shh. Shhh! Go back to sleep (Emma continues crying in the background)
Rachel : Ok. (Starts swinging Emma rapidly and she stops crying)
Rachel : Oh (happy) oh no just stopped to throw up a little bit. (Emma starts crying again.) Oh come on, what am I gonna do, its been hours and it won?t stop crying.
Rachel : Yeah, I?m not so sure.
Rachel : I already fed her.
Rachel : Oh no, you guys, just stay here, I?m gonna go check her diaper, Pheebs you wanna come?
Rachel : Oh my God! How long has she been crying?
Rachel : You guys, I?m doing the best I can, anyone else is welcome to try.
Rachel : Here you go. (Hands Emma to Phoebe)
Rachel : Oh god what am I gonna do you guys, I can?t even comfort my own baby! I?m the worst mother ever!
Rachel : Yeah I don?t think dressing provocatively is going to help me here! Oh my god just please take her.
Rachel : I have to go to the bathroom. (Goes to the bathroom)
Rachel : Oh my God! You got her to stop crying!
Rachel : You are the official baby crier stopper!
Rachel : You?re never leaving the apartment!
Rachel : That?s your new job, day and night, she starts crying I need you here.
Rachel : Okay so listen I?m gonna go lay down.
Rachel : You know the book says that whenever she?s sleeping I should be sleeping so? (She gives Monica thumbs and goes to lay down)
Rachel : Heeeeey, where have you been? (He shows her his thumb) What happened to you?
Rachel : Oh no Ross! This is not good, we have to talk about this Joey thing. Please sit. (He sits) You have got to get over this Joey thing, okay? I never really wanted to marry Joey, okay?
Rachel : You know what I really really want?
Rachel : I wanna sleep, I wanna eat, I wanna take a shower, I mean before she wakes up and we gotta do this all over again.
Rachel : I mean I got news for you mister, Emma? Not easy.
Rachel : No its really okay? Monica!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : (To Monica) Do you have to go?
Rachel : Thank you Joey. You know what? I'm not even sure I can have caffeine.
Rachel : Yeah. Just to be sure I'm gonna call Dr. Wiener.
Rachel : Every time? (She takes up her cell phone and starts dialing.)
Rachel : All right, I trust you. (Continues to dial)
Rachel : I'm on the phone! (On the phone) Dr. Wiener? (Ross and Rachel walk away)
Rachel : (On the phone) Excuse me? Oh yeah? Well, up yours too! (Hangs up)
Rachel : Dr. Wiener.
Rachel : Oh you know what, you sound just like his wife!
Rachel : Yes, of course there is! Okay? I'm not insane!
Rachel : Hiccups.
Rachel : Yeah well, not anymore I can't. He fired us! What are we gonna do? We have to find a pediatrician. Wait wait, Monica said that when you guys were growing up, you really liked your doctor. What was his name?
Rachel : Argh! Why does everything happen to me?!
Rachel : What? What, do you mean you're not feeling well? What do you have? Is it Rubella? Because don't go near Emma, she has not had that shot.
Rachel : (Grabs the phone and stars dialing) (On phone) (In a high pitch voice) Wiener, Wiener (In a low pitch voice) Wiener, Wiener!!!
Rachel : Great! Now he's gonna know it was me!
Rachel : It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how do you know the good ones from the ones who are gonna push their penis against your knee?
Rachel : We've got to find a new pediatrician. Ross was getting sick last night, and I think Emma may have caught it.
Rachel : Ross said he died.
Rachel : Oh, great! Well, then I'm gonna take Emma to see him. I wonder why Ross said that he died.
Rachel : Why? What was it?
Rachel : Hi, my name is Rachel Green, I have an appointment for Emma.
Rachel : Oh, I really liked him. (Looks at Ross) Yeah, it was really, really, really good.
Rachel : I know. (Pause) Ross still sees his pediatrician!!! (To Ross) I don't care!
Rachel : Ross, seriously! You've gotta go to an appropriate doctor.
Rachel : Okay, wow, wow, wow. Watch the tongue people, we've got a baby over here.
Rachel : Bye honey. (They hug)
Rachel : Hello
Rachel : Oh that couldn't have been pretty. but you know guys do that.
Rachel : Nooooooooo!
Rachel : well watching sharks? Are you sure that's what he was doing?
Rachel : man sharks. I always knew there was something weird about that dude. But you promised to love him no matter what.
Rachel : Ah! You know what honey guys are just different, they like things that we can't understand, you know I once dated this guy who wanted to pretend he was an archeologist and I was a naughty cave woman that he unfroze from a block of ice.
Rachel : yeah I didn't disguise that very well did I.
Rachel : (sits down) Hi
Rachel : so basically you've slept with all the woman in New York and now you're just going around again.
Rachel : what, how do we know, we never slept with you.
Rachel : yeah your both so slutty you don't even remember who you've slept with, you're made for each other.
Rachel : Pheebs, I would make a reservation for five, because one of us has to stay home and watch Emma. (to Ross) Which one of us should go to dinner?
Rachel : Um, Mon, Chandler's not here.
Rachel : Okay, well that's now the third sign that I should not leave Emma.
Rachel : Well, let's see. The first one
Rachel : She is?
Rachel : What about (?) Monica.
Rachel : Ish. I just don't think I can bear it.
Rachel : Uch.
Rachel : Oh-A.
Rachel : You need to learn some new slang.
Rachel : What ... Oh! (points inside)
Rachel : I was just going to say that I left my keys.
Rachel : No. Uch.
Rachel : Alright, I can't, I can't wait that long. You have to do something--knock that door down!
Rachel : What if she jumped out the basinet?
Rachel : Oh my god, I left the water running.
Rachel : Ah, did I leave the stove on?
Rachel : Is the window open? Because if there's a window open, a bird could fly in there.
Rachel : Ubb.
Rachel : Boy, are you gonna be sorry if that's true.
Rachel : Och, god. (seeing Emma) Oh, thank god, you're okay. I'm so sorry we left you. Mom never gonna leave you again. Never ever ever again. Uch.
Rachel : Oh no. I mean it. After what just happened, I'm never leaving her again. Ms.
Rachel : (entering) Hey, hi, hi!
Rachel : We got locked out of the apartment, we ...
Rachel : N-it wasn't easy, but it's your birthday and I did what I got to do.
Rachel : Oh honey, this is for the best, thus I'm not distracted, worrying about Emma, how she's doing at home and I'm being completely here with you and, oh, she spit up!
Rachel : She spit up. Judy! She spi...Judy! Look alive, Judy! (they sit down) Thank you.
Rachel : Oh, ooh, everything looks delicious. What should I ha-ave? What should I have?
Rachel : Yah, I'll have the soup and the salmon.
Rachel : Y'guys ever heard the story about when Rosses mom went to the beauty salon?
Rachel : (lifts for a toast) Okay, as everybody has ordered, I would like to start the celebration and make a toast ... to Phoebe. She dropped her sock.
Rachel : N-no, Emma dropped her sock.
Rachel : Ross, she still has not noticed that the baby's sock is on the ground.
Rachel : (to Ross) Could you please get her attention?
Rachel : Phoebe, hi, we're so sorry. You're totally right. We are here one hundred per cent and we love you and we are ready to start your birthday celebration.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh thank god, if Phoebe's going, can we please take Emma home?
Rachel : (through wall) Ooh... I love Barbados! (Phoebe starts to listen at the other wall, where Rachel's room is. There, Joey and Rachel are kissing.)
Rachel : I know, I'm her! (they start to kiss again, and Phoebe turns to Chandler and Monica)
Rachel : ooh...
Rachel : Hey, you know, before you said that nothing could happen between us? What changed?
Rachel : What? Ross and Charlie? (Joey nods) Wow! She's really making her way through the group, huh? Ah, who am I to talk? (Chandler and Monica's)
Rachel : Oh, ju-ju-just stay calm. Just be calm. For all he knows we're just hanging out together. Right? Just be nonchalant. (Joey like stands at attention with his chest forward and his hands on his sides, looking up at the ceiling with his lips pouted.) That's not nonchalant!
Rachel : Oh... okay, just hide!
Rachel : Coming! Try under the bed, try under the bed! (When Rachel starts to look under the bed if Joey would fit under there, Chandler opens the door inbetween the rooms, grabs Joey by his shirt and drags him to his room, and closes the door again)
Rachel : There's no room under the bed. (looks around because she can't find Joey anymore)
Rachel : Yeah... (still looking to see where Joey went, and opens the door)
Rachel : Hi...
Rachel : ...I really don't... (looks around again)
Rachel : Yeah, sure... (looks outside into the corridor if Joey is there) (Monica and Chandler's room. Phoebe, Monica and Chandler have their ears pressed against the wall, and Joey looks at them)
Rachel : (clearly not listening and still trying to find out where Joey went) Uh-huh... right... yeah...
Rachel : (still searching) Oh, I know... I know it's been really hard for you.
Rachel : (now looking up at the ceiling) That is hard to say, Ross. That is hard to say.
Rachel : You would think! (Ross leaves the room)
Rachel : Joey!
Rachel : (still can't find him) How are you doing this? (Joey now enters the room through the door, Monica, Chandler and Phoebe are following him.)
Rachel : How... wha... Hey! What are you... What is this? Have you guys been listening this entire time? Monica, Chandler and
Rachel : Ah, what is this? Well, lets see, we kissed for ten minutes and now we're talking to our friends about it, so I guess this is sixth grade!
Rachel : All right, look you guys... Look, we appreciate all the advice, but this is between Joey and me and I think we can handle it...
Rachel : Sure...
Rachel : Get out! (They leave and Rachel locks the door.)
Rachel : Are they right?
Rachel : Yeah... Yeah, we can wait, we don't have to do anything tonight.
Rachel : (Joey walks to the door) Although...
Rachel : I mean, you know... Ross and I haven't dated in like... six years...
Rachel : Plus, you know, he is with Charlie now.
Rachel : No...
Rachel : Yeah...
Rachel : Forgotten. (They want to kiss, but just before their lips touch, Rachel pulls back quickly, gasping)
Rachel : Nothing... Joey's voice, but she sees
Rachel : Nothing... It's really... It's nothing... Come here, come here... (again, just before their lips touch, she pulls back, gasping) Joey's
Rachel : Sorry, I just uhm... I can't seem to get Ross out of my head...
Rachel : Ross is coming over. I think now would be a really good time to talk to him.
Rachel : Okay, well keep in mind that by the time you're done, they'll probably be serving dinner.
Rachel : Still nervous?
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : Yeah, yeah sure! Yeah! (mouths "Good luck" to Joey and gets up from her seat)
Rachel : So hi!
Rachel : So you eh, you talked to Joey?
Rachel : Oh! That's great!
Rachel : Oh, so everything's okay?
Rachel : Ah... Well, obviously I think so too.
Rachel : Really? Excited?
Rachel : Excuse me! (and she walks back to Joey, who is still looking very impressed about what Ross said to him. Rachel looks at him and hits him.) You didn't tell him, did you?
Rachel : Oh God! Alright, fine. You know what Joey, forget it. When we go back to New York, I will tell him.
Rachel : That was one time, Ross, and they were only like 5 milligrams.
Rachel : Aaah... Ross, actually there's something that I really need to talk to you about.
Rachel : Okay, uhm... alright, here's the deal.
Rachel : What? What is it?
Rachel : Uh, look Ross, this really isn't easy.
Rachel : Because you took three hundred bottles of shampoo?
Rachel : Well, yeah... Okay, look it's about me and...
Rachel : Wow! Well, clearly this is not a good time.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Well, I tried, but then he had a shampoo related emergency. So I guess now it's your turn again.
Rachel : Yeah, 'cause that's what we do.
Rachel : Okay, that sounds fair. It just means that once again we can't...
Rachel : No! Of course we can wait. Alright, so I guess that means good night then?
Rachel : Goo--ood night!
Rachel : Seriously, good night!
Rachel : Okay. (Now they kiss passionately... and then Ross enters with Emma. They freeze, pull away and look at Ross who looks like he just can't believe what he's seeing. Joey straightens his shirt, and Rachel says I'm so-oo sorry, and presses her breasts together, just like Joey did before.) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Rachel : We weren't doing anything!
Rachel : Shhh.
Rachel : No, come on, that is a lie. We also kissed in Barbados. Joey (to
Rachel : Yeah, you started it! I've got to chill.
Rachel : We feel so terrible about this, Ross.
Rachel : Ross? (to Joey) Can we just close the door? OPENING CREDITS
Rachel : Ross, say something. Anything.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : No, no, no!
Rachel : Ross, this is not how we wanted you to find out about this. You have every right to go nuts.
Rachel : No, but you know what I mean.
Rachel : Calm ourselves?
Rachel : Well, what would we be doing?
Rachel : Feel me up?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Oh, you bet. (Joey sees that she's carrying a small red bag.)
Rachel : Okay, well, we brought you some wine.
Rachel : Well, maybe the next batch, we could all get some.
Rachel : No awareness.
Rachel : Look, Charlie, I just want you to know. Ross is just having a little trouble adjusting to the thought of Joey and me. You know, he normally doesn't drink like this.
Rachel : Ross, you don't even have oven mitts on! (Ross laughs.)
Rachel : Ooy.
Rachel : Oh my god, are we supposed to answer?
Rachel : Ross, you don't seem okay. Ross (on the verge of
Rachel : Oh, that's okay, girls tend not to like me.
Rachel : You know what, Ross? I think we're gonna take off too.
Rachel : No, no, it's just that it's getting late...
Rachel : Yeah, that's probably a good idea.
Rachel : Uh-huh. Okay. You know what, Joey, I don't think he's ever gonna be okay with this.
Rachel : Thanks for dinner.
Rachel : So.
Rachel : I say 'cheesy line', but ok. (They move on the couch and start kissing again. Joey does his grazing on Rachel's thigh and she slaps his hand)
Rachel : I am sorry, I don't know, I am sorry, I don't know why I did that! Joey and
Rachel : Okay
Rachel : Ok, so sorry. (They start kissing again and, when Joey grazes her thigh, she slaps him on his hand again)
Rachel : I am sorry! Again... I don't know, I don't know what happened, I must be nervous!
Rachel : Ok, ok, ok. I promise, I promise, I promise, I won't do it again. I really do. I promise. This is gonna be great.
Rachel : Absolutely! Absolutely. I d... it's just a little weird, it's you, and it's me, it's just gonna take some getting used to.
Rachel : Ok, let's work from the top down! (Joey nods, but then puzzled because he does not get it) Just work the bra, Joe!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Oh! (Joey starts trying to undo her bra, but it won't go.The elastic band snaps back, hurting Rachel.)
Rachel : Ow!
Rachel : Well this is romantic!
Rachel : It's a standard issue bra clasp!
Rachel : Ok well, well I'm really, I'm sorry about that Joey, but do you think that maybe on some level, you don't want to take off my bra?
Rachel : (laughing) oooh! Oh oh!
Rachel : oh oh! What is up with misaligned tropic?
Rachel : Well, it was good.. until we got back to our apartment, and then we were fooling around and he started to put his hand up my leg and I kept slapping it away!
Rachel : Well, it wasn't just me, alright? He freaked out too! He couldn't even undo my bra!
Rachel : I do not know what's wrong with us, I mean, we have kissed before and that's been great! But this time it was leading somewhere and I was very aware of the fact that it was Joey touching me.
Rachel : (looking thoughtful) Ok, that's true. That's true, we can do this. You're right, you're right, we can do this. We're just gonna power through! (Joey walks in)
Rachel : (To Joey) No need!! Problem solved, we are powering through (At which point she grabs his hand and pulls him back to their apartment). (Chandler resumes staring at Monica's bra)
Rachel : Hey! Got champagne?
Rachel : Excellent! Stick it in the ice bucket, the phone is off the hook, and in the interest of powering through (Starts to remove her bra from under her clothes)...
Rachel : Ok (starts to light some candles) Sexy, sexy, very sexy, sexy. (Claps her hands and jumps at Joey, clearly very excited) Alright! Lets do it!
Rachel : Oh! Get over it soldier, we've gotta do this! (She pulls him towards her and throws him onto the barcalounger) Ok. Aha! You like that huh?
Rachel : You like that? (She climbs on the barcalounger seductively, putting her knees next to Joey's hips.) Let's take this into high gear (She pulls the barcalounger lever and seat reclines. She puts one of her knees between his legs and begins to kiss his neck.)
Rachel : Yeah baby, I'll show you how we do it!
Rachel : What? Oh my God! I'm so sorry. Joey? Are you ok?
Rachel : What is the matter with us?
Rachel : No, I mean with us, you know. I mean, is it supposed to be this... difficult?
Rachel : Hi! Hey, listen, can we ask you a question? When you and Monica first hooked up, was it weird going from friends to... more than that?
Rachel : No, no, no... No, I mean... se-x-u-ally...
Rachel : Well, just because it happened that way for them doesn't mean it has to happen that way for us.
Rachel : Right, totally.
Rachel : Yeah, and if doesn't work, then we'll be just one of those couples that never have sex.
Rachel : I know.
Rachel : Hmmm... Me too... (She puts her head on Joey's shoulder and Joey kisses her on her head.)
Rachel : I wonder how Monica and Chandler could do it?
Rachel : Aah... I bet you're right. (They look at each other for a while)
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Love you too... Alright, I'm going to bed.
Rachel : Wait, you can't go away this weekend! It's Emma's birthday!
Rachel : We're having a party.
Rachel : No, that day... that won't be her real birthday!
Rachel : Well, can't you just go to Vermont the next day?
Rachel : And I mean, you know, you guys... This is a big deal. I mean, how can we have her first birthday party without her aunt and her uncle!
Rachel : You know Pheebs, when I was little, on my birthday, my daddy would hide a present in every room of the house, and then he would draw a treasure map to help me find 'em all.
Rachel : Oh, good, good! We had this idea to make a birthday video for Emma and we'll give it to her when she is 18.
Rachel : Oh no, it's still nap time. But she'll be up soon.
Rachel : I said it's still nap time. (Joey comes out from his room, yawning)
Rachel : Hey Joey, will you please set this up for people to put Emma's presents on?
Rachel : Oh, she's still napping
Rachel : Look, I know that you guys really want to get to Vermont and this isn't a really big deal to you, but it really is to us, ok? Emma will never have a first birthday again.
Rachel : No really, she didn't sleep well last night, so we can't wake her up.
Rachel : Oh! Emma might like what?
Rachel : What did you get her?
Rachel : Well, this sounds like fun! Well, you know what? Actually? People are getting a little antsy waiting Emma to wake up from her nap, so would you mind performing them once now?
Rachel : (to everybody) All right, let's get this party started, huh? Joey and Phoebe are gonna perform a little something for us.
Rachel : So, Joey, what are you gonna do for us?
Rachel : Oh, ok, which one?
Rachel : (crying) Wow! That was amazing!
Rachel : Oh, Phoebe, I'm sorry! Phoebe has prepared something as well.
Rachel : Is that it?
Rachel : Ross, um, don't forget to get a shot of Emma's cake. It's in a box in the fridge.
Rachel : Oh, you're gonna love this cake. I got it from a bakery in New Jersey, Corino's.
Rachel : Well, anyway, they make these great novelty cakes, in all different shapes, and if you give them a photo, they'll copy it in icing!
Rachel : Yes! On a cake shaped like a bunny.
Rachel : Ross, what are you talking about? (she sees the cake) oh! Oh my God! They put my baby's face on a penis! Phoebe (sees the
Rachel : Why you guys this isn't funny, all right? If I wanted this cake to be a disaster I would have baked it myself! Joey (staring at the
Rachel : Oh! Believe you me! I am going to bring this cake back, I don't even want it in my home... (Turns towards the cake and sees Joey trying to take a piece and yells at him) Joey, don't touch it!!
Rachel : (speaking to the person on the phone again) Yes, yes. I still want my daughters picture, but on a bunny cake. Yellow cake, chocolate frosting with nuts!
Rachel : (into the phone) No, there isn't time to go to the bakery. We're just gonna come home... Everybody left? Alright, well just tell Emma we're gonna be there as soon as we can. (emotionally) Bye... (She hangs up, closes her phone, turns around and puts it in her bag which is in the back of the car. While doing this and not looking at the road, she turns the steering wheel by accident, which makes the car swerve.)
Rachel : OOH! God! Sorry!
Rachel : Emma's awake.
Rachel : I can't believe this. This is her first birthday. She's awake. We're not even there. Everybody left. We still have this stupid obscene cake.
Rachel : Oh, why do you even bother? I already ruined her first birthday... And do you know how important these early experiences are Ross? Very! According to the back cover of that book that you gave me.
Rachel : (shakes her head) I guess... Oh, I just had such an idea of what this day would be like, you know? Emma laughing and everybody gathered around her cake singing "Happy Birthday". Then we would all go into... HEY GET OUT OF THE ROAD YOU STUPID STUDENT DRIVER!!! (honks furiously, and Ross looks at her in disbelief and Rachel looks at him.) They have to learn!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : (she looks at the cake) Oh my God! Look what... you made it into a bunny. How did you do that?
Rachel : Well, I'm very impressed.
Rachel : I don't care that you left. I'm just glad that you're here. Thanks you guys!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh! Emma, that's right! You're that many!
Rachel : (angrily) NO, no science camp!
Rachel : Oh!... Oh and Emma, look at your stuffed animals lined up so neatly!
Rachel : Oh yeah, nothing! These are happy tears! This is just what I wanted.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Okay. (they both look into the camera, and Ross waves.) Hi Emma. Well, your first birthday is over, and it was really... (There's a lot of yelling and screaming coming from the hallway, and they get up to look at what's the noise all about. In the hallway, Monica, Chandler, Joey and Phoebe are having another wind-up animal race, yelling and screaming fanatically.)
Rachel : You know, I'm thinking about letting Emma have her first cookie.
Rachel : I've never given her a cookie. Have you?
Rachel : Of course, I'd be honored!
Rachel : OH! What's it the anniversary of? Your first date, your first kiss, first time you had sex...
Rachel : Amy! Hi! Oh-oh-hoh! (they hug) Wow! You remember Joey?
Rachel : So now, what are you doing here?
Rachel : (Emma starts crying in the other room) Oh sorry, hold on. Let me just check on the baby!
Rachel : God!
Rachel : Oh, I know, isn't she?
Rachel : All right. What's your news, Amy?
Rachel : What? Oh my God! To who?
Rachel : A-And??
Rachel : No, what's he like?
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Huh... wow, so he's gotta be...
Rachel : Sweety, I gotta tell ya... it sounds a little bit like you like the apartment more than you like...
Rachel : Oh... sit down, sit down. Oh, honey, you know, I once also almost married somebody that I didn't love. Do you remember Barry?
Rachel : Sometimes just nodding is ok. (pause) Uhm, so but anyway, listen, not marrying Barry was the best decision that I ever, ever made. Honey, you deserve true love. Your soulmate is out there, somewhere. Someone that is your age, that is smart, that is fun and that you care about!
Rachel : Ok.
Rachel : Ok, let's keep talking.
Rachel : Amy, hi!
Rachel : Oh, good for you!
Rachel : Yes you are! Oh, I am so proud of you!
Rachel : But Erin Brockovich had her own house. (Joey comes out of Monica's apartment and sees Rachel and Amy but does not notice the huge amount of bags)
Rachel : Yeah... Amy kept kicking me in her sleep yelling 'Myron, get off!'
Rachel : Joey, I can't do that!
Rachel : Well Joey, uhm look, I know that she's difficult, but I think it's really good that she's here.
Rachel : No, it's just... look, you know, when I first moved to the city I was a lot like her! I was spoiled, self-centered and you guys really took care of me.
Rachel : Well, uhm... whatever, I have really appreciated it, 'cause I don't think I would be the person that I am today if it wasn't for you guys. See, I wanna help Amy the way you guys helped me. And I know it's gonna take patience, but that's ok.
Rachel : Amy, that's what I was supposed to wear today, that's why I hung it on the door.
Rachel : Amy, you know what? I was thinking that maybe now it'd be a good time for us to sit down and, you know, talk about your future.
Rachel : Well, what happened?
Rachel : Oh, that is so tacky.
Rachel : Phoebe, that's huge!
Rachel : I think it could be kind of great!
Rachel : (Sarcastically) Uuuh!! How about at a Footlocker? (claps her hands together, faking excitement)
Rachel : (Takes the phone) Oh! That's interesting, since she died seven years ago!!
Rachel : (Into the phone) Hello? (announces to Amy) Oh, it's our nanny! (goes back to the phone conversation) Hi! Oh... God! I hope you feel better! Ok, bye! (Hangs up) (To Ross) That's Molly, she's sick. Can you watch Emma today?
Rachel : Menstrual cramps.
Rachel : (To Monica, Chandler and Phoebe) Can any of you watch Emma?
Rachel : (To Ross) Great, shoot, what are we gonna do?
Rachel : (Thinks for a moment) Well, actually...
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Why not?
Rachel : (Defends Amy) Wha.. well, Ella's a nice name!
Rachel : (Shocked) Wha... the next one?
Rachel : Ross, I am trying to help her become a better person. This is a huge breakthrough for her! She just offered to do something for another human being!!
Rachel : Ross, I'm telling you, she's giving up getting her eyebrows (points at her own to emphasize the word) shaped to do this alright? Do you understand how important that is in our world? (Amy approaches from behind)
Rachel : Absolutely.
Rachel : (To Emma) Hey! Hi, how's my girl?
Rachel : (sounds excited) Yeah! (Amy takes off Emma's hat)
Rachel : (not excited anymore) You pierced her ears!?
Rachel : You pierced her ears? How could you do this without telling me?
Rachel : Oh my God, Oh my God, here comes Ross. He's gonna flip out.
Rachel : Ugh. (takes the hat and covers Emma's head and half her face with it) (Ross enters)
Rachel : Nah, I don't really want her to see.
Rachel : Nothing.
Rachel : Oh, they're real!
Rachel : I know, I know, and you were right Ross. (To Amy) You are soo irresponsible I am never letting you baby-sit ever again!
Rachel : I can't believe this. All I wanted to do was help you try to figure out what to do with your life and this is how you repay me?
Rachel : Oh yeah? Since when?
Rachel : (looks at Ross and then at Amy again in disbelief) What?
Rachel : (shouting) Babies don't care if they're slim.
Rachel : Joey, get Amy's bags, she is moving out!
Rachel : You put holes in my baby's ears!
Rachel : (gasps) I can't believe I ever even tried to help you. You are so beyond help.
Rachel : Excuse me?
Rachel : (yelling) Joey, where are those bags?
Rachel : (doesn't believe what she's hearing) Seriously?
Rachel : Hips or thighs?
Rachel : (gasps) Oh! Oh my God! I thought she was on Atkins.
Rachel : (embarrassed) Oh, I can give you that.
Rachel : Yeah. I just, I kept trying to make you a better person, but you're... you're already a pretty perfect version of what you are.
Rachel : Did you just say Emma?
Rachel : So how is the uhm... baby styling business going?
Rachel : That's shocking!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : My God!
Rachel : Congratulations! Wow!!
Rachel : Mmh-mmh!
Rachel : Oh, Pheebs, baby, that's nice but, you know what, I think I'm ok. Why don't you give it to one of your other single girlfriends?
Rachel : (angrily) GIVE ME THE BOOK! (she takes it and start reading) Pablo Diaz, Brady Smith, huh, "Guy-in-van"?
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Phoebe, isn't Jethro Tull a band?
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : I'm sorry, this sounds like something I'm never gonna be interested in. Joey (to
Rachel : Just tell Joey that you watched the tape and you liked it, but your bosses didn't. Then that way, you're the good guy and they're the bad guys.
Rachel : Who's Gladys?
Rachel : (sarcastic) Oh, and Monica gets to keep her? In her house? I am so jealous!
Rachel : Well, I mean, sure, of course. But... you already gave that to Monica, so...
Rachel : No, I couldn't let you do that.
Rachel : But I don't want you to.
Rachel : But I insist harder!
Rachel : (sarcastic) No, no, that's ok. You won fair and square. I'm so sad!
Rachel : Did you watch the tape?
Rachel : But you are a liar.
Rachel : Well, this is going well. (Chandler looks worried)
Rachel : (surprised by how ugly it is) Wow! (sarcastic) Oh, she's so nice and big! Oh, Monica, where are you going to display Gladys oh so proudly? (looks around for a spot)
Rachel : Well, hey! How about right above the TV? (Points to the spot where her famous French poster is hanging). That way, it will be the first thing that you see when you walk in the door!
Rachel : (jumps at the chance to make that happen) Oh! There's nothing above your bed!!
Rachel : O-oh my God!
Rachel : Joey, what... is... this...thing... doing here?
Rachel : Joey, we're not keeping this!
Rachel : Alright, fine. You can keep it. As long as you don't mind that she's haunted.
Rachel : Well, legend has it Joey, that... she comes alive when you're asleep. (Joey's eyes are twice their size now, and looks nervously from Rachel to Gladys and back.)
Rachel : She climbs out of the frame, and then drags her half-a-body across the floor, just looking for legs to steal. (in a spooky, slow voice) And then with her one good hand, she slo-o-owly re-e-a-aches up and turns your doorknob.
Rachel : Well, why I told him it's haunted. Two can play at this game. (gives Gladys to Monica)
Rachel : Yes I can! (pushes her back again)
Rachel : She's yours!
Rachel : She's yours! (While they are both pushing the painting towards each other, Phoebe enters)
Rachel : She's mine!
Rachel : She's mine!
Rachel : I want Gladys!
Rachel : She's mine!
Rachel : She's mine!
Rachel : Excellent!
Rachel : Ha ha ha, third time this week. Man, this does not get old.
Rachel : Hi! Emma will be up in a minute!
Rachel : Oh hey Ross... Listen, I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry.
Rachel : Absolutely.
Rachel : So, uhm... what are you gonna do today?
Rachel : Oh my God, what!?
Rachel : Ok, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground.
Rachel : (upset) All right, well, if you must know... I had a traumatic... swing incident... when I was little.
Rachel : Yes, I was 4 years old and I was on the swing and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the chain. And to get me out my mom had to-had to cut a big chunk of my hair! (crying) And it was uneven for weeks!
Rachel : Ok, fine! You can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there. And I was thinking Claire Danes.
Rachel : Ross, those things go like 40 miles an hour! Ok? When you're... and there is that moment when you are at the top, when you just don't know if you're gonna return back to earth!
Rachel : All right!
Rachel : Irrational, huh? All right, well, I'll remember that the next time you freak out about a spider in your apartment!
Rachel : Ok, careful.
Rachel : Careful, watch her hair. WATCH HER HAIR!
Rachel : I know (she touches Emma's head) but they're just so beautiful! Oh, my God, I just pulled one out.
Rachel : Ok. Ross (to
Rachel : Ok.
Rachel : Ok, careful, ok. (Emma giggles) Oh, she's smiling! Oh my God, she does like it!
Rachel : Awe! (Emma laughs) Oh my God! Looks, she's a little dare-devil! Oh, let me push, can I push?
Rachel : Ok. Oh God. (To Ross) Get the camera, it's in the diaper bag.
Rachel : Oh, oh Ross, oh my God, are you okay?
Rachel : Ross, see! I told you, those swings are evil! Alright, that is it. That is the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life.
Rachel : Ross, c'mon, please. Can we just get out of here, before somebody else gets hurt?
Rachel : (looks at him suspiciously) I know what this is all about... You've always been jealous of my hair.
Rachel : Alright fine. I'll do it.
Rachel : If you hold a spider.
Rachel : IF you hold a spider.
Rachel : Ok... I got a spider. There were two, I picked the bigger one.
Rachel : Ok... (and passes the spider to Ross who holds it in between his hands)
Rachel : (reluctantly) Ok... O-k... (She slowly grabs the chains of the swing, swings her hair back, and sits down.)
Rachel : (more confident) Ok... (She slowly walks forward and backward, to gain speed...)
Rachel : whoo... ok... wow... ok... OH!
Rachel : A-alright! I can do this.
Rachel : That's because he's on your neck.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : I can't believe this! This is Emma's first Thanksgiving!
Rachel : It's not? (whispering to Ross) When was she born?
Rachel : Hi! Happy Thanksgiving!
Rachel : Did you at least win the contest?
Rachel : Can't wait!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Well, let's see... uh... I know that she has a meeting with her lawyer and then she has to make a very big poop. Why?
Rachel : Oh my God! That's the creepiest thing I've ever heard!
Rachel : Oh! Phoebe, all babies are beautiful!
Rachel : Phoebe, just the idea of pitting one baby against another, I mean, you know, and judging who's cuter just for a trophy...
Rachel : And a thousand dollars.
Rachel : ...is something I'm very interested in! Oh please, do not tell Ross. He still believes that (in a deep voice, mocking Ross) what's in the inside is important...
Rachel : Where am I gonna get a cowgirl outfit on Thanksgiving?
Rachel : Oh, take the clothes of Joey's Cabbage Patch Kid.
Rachel : Oh Phoebe, listen. Well, I think we gotta go. This place is really freaking me out. I've been watching this guy over there, I don't think he came with a kid!
Rachel : Phoebe, I think... It's just too weird, I just saw a one year old running around with pantyhose on!
Rachel : Oh, Phoebe! Come on! You know what, it's already three o'clock and they haven't even gotten to Emma's group yet. We gotta go, we got dinner!
Rachel : Phoebe, you have to calm down.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : You heard them say that?
Rachel : All right, okay. Alright, let's give to these babies something to cry about!
Rachel : No, what?
Rachel : No Phoebe, I am not letting you put makeup on my baby!
Rachel : Because I already did!
Rachel : No...
Rachel : What are you doing here!
Rachel : And I won!
Rachel : Yes! (spells it) Y-E-S. Yes!
Rachel : Yeah. That's me!
Rachel : She won a thousand dollars!
Rachel : Well, I don't know, you guys figure it out, I got to put Emma down for a nap.
Rachel : Alright, Emma is napping... (then to Ross) what happened to your shirt?
Rachel : You know what, we just say that she said it was 5 o'clock. We'll just act casual. We're not late, we're right on time. (When she finishes talking, a note is pushed from under Monica's and Chandler's door, into the hall. Ross picks it up and reads it out loud)
Rachel : Oh, God. This is bad. This is so bad.
Rachel : Oh, hey, I have an idea. Why don't we play rock-paper-scissors, and whoever loses goes in first. (they all agree) Ready? (they do the rock-paper-scissor thing with they hands and Rachel has paper, Phoebe and Ross both have rock, while Joey is doing a strange upward wiggling with his fingers. They all look a him confused).
Rachel : Alright, enough, enough, come on. Let's just all go in at the same time.
Rachel : Alright, come on... (starts to knock on the door) Alright, you guys. We're so sorry we're late. Please let us in, so we can have dinner together. [cut to Monica and Chandler]
Rachel : You guys, come on, it doesn't matter why we're late. We're all here now, please let us in so we can have some of your delicious turkey. (A slice of turkey on a piece of aluminum foil is slid under door)
Rachel : (gasps) Oh, I just remembered. We do have something to eat. Monica put something in our oven this morning.
Rachel : Huh... OH MY GOD IT'S BRUSSELS SPROUTS. (they all look appalled)
Rachel : Oh, I know... I still have my old key! (She goes in to get it and comes back with her keys) We can just unlock the door.
Rachel : You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but it's Thanksgiving and we should not want to be together, together. (Goes to unlock the door)
Rachel : Oh! (Joey sticks his head through the gap. Monica and Chandler are now sitting at the dinner table. There is another smaller table full of food standing in front of the front door) (Monica and Chandler do not look amused by Joeys head in the door)
Rachel : So, so sorry.
Rachel : So bad.
Rachel : Dessert?
Rachel : Congratulatioooons!
Rachel : Ewww, is that what that is?
Rachel : Yeah! I'll cook!
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : I lent them to Ross.
Rachel : I'm so happy for you!
Rachel : To Monica and Chandler... and that knocked up girl in Ohio.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : (to Joey) Hey, who's Phoebe with?
Rachel : Do you think I'm someone else?
Rachel : Well, believe it or not, it's true. When Joey and I were together, he was wonderful. He was thoughtful and mature. And for the one week that we went out, he didn't sleep with anybody else!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Well, it's a little low... pick up a little... (Ross picks it up) a little bit more... (he picks it up again) a little bit more... (he takes it off) There you go! (pause) Now throw it away!
Rachel : Ross, please, trust me. I buy 30 fashion magazines a month. Now, I don't know who's running for president or who that... NATO guy is, but I do know that you have to get as far away as you can from that hat.
Rachel : Hi
Rachel : what?
Rachel : Oh! Oh, no! (Joey looks satisfied)
Rachel : Oh, yeah. Joey doesn't share food. I mean, just last week we were having breakfast and he had a couple of grapes on his plate and ...
Rachel : Oh no! Not me! Emma! (Phoebe looks horrified and she turns to watch Joey)
Rachel : Ah, this place is great!
Rachel : Ross, look, I know that some of this stuff is out there, but I mean, come on, look at this, look at this sweater! (she picks up a blue sweater). I mean, this is just beautiful!
Rachel : Yeah, down from seven hundred, you are saving like two hundred bucks!
Rachel : No, no, no, no! Ross, wait! Come on! You know, there's other stuff. Here's a nice shirt, look at these nice pants...
Rachel : Yes, they will! You know what you should do? Just go take a walk, all right? I know your size and I'm... I'm gonna pick up some really good stuff for you.
Rachel : Yes! And I know what looks sexy on guys. Please, just wear what I suggest, and she's gonna go nuts for you.
Rachel : (to Phoebe) Why do men keep talking to me like this?
Rachel : We got some really great stuff!
Rachel : Oh! Really? Do you wanna try some of them on for me?
Rachel : (looking into one of her shopping bags) Oh no! I took one of Ross' bags by mistake, and one of mine is missing.
Rachel : My God, get a room!
Rachel : Oh God. What about you, Joe? What would you give up, sex or food?
Rachel : No, you gotta pick one!
Rachel : You gotta see these latest pictures of Emma.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh, no, no. That is a doll.
Rachel : Oh. Who is the blonde, she's pretty.
Rachel : He's not having an affair!
Rachel : No, you're not! Last week you thought Ross was trying to kill you!
Rachel : Oh, that doesn't mean anything.
Rachel : (whispering) "Dude, Where's My Car?"
Rachel : They're in a caaar...
Rachel : Geez!
Rachel : Oh, yeah, ok. Let me just grab my night vision goggles and my stun gun.
Rachel : I?m telling you guys, we followed them out to a house in Westchester, the went in for like forty-five minutes and then they came out looking pretty happy!
Rachel : Oh, look at her, so happy!
Rachel : Phoebe and I saw Chandler with a blonde woman today outside on the street and then we followed them to a house in Westchester.
Rachel : Who's Nancy?
Rachel : Are you serious?
Rachel : What is wrong with raising a kid in the city? I'm doing it, Ross is doing it, Sarah Jessica Parker is doing it!
Rachel : Yeah it is.
Rachel : Well, it is, all right? When we were out there today, all I kept thinking
Rachel : (talking on the phone) C'mon Daddy, listen to me! All of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I don't want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying that I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Rachel : Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Rachel : You're fly is open, Geller!
Rachel : Ow, that had to hurt! (from 3.09 - "The One With All the Football")
Rachel : No Mon, you want to put them in concentric circles. I want to do this. (Rachel sticks a marshmallow into Monica?s nose. Monica takes it out of her nose by closing one nostril, and blowing.)
Rachel : Oooohh that?s interesting.
Rachel : 14?
Rachel : Space cowboy!
Rachel : Ow...Oh Gosh!
Rachel : Oh-oh-oh, he?s a transponce?transpondster!
Rachel : Y?know what, you are mean boys, who are just being mean!
Rachel : That is not true. She did! She forced me!
Rachel : Well it stupid, unfair question!
Rachel : (running from the guy's apartment with Joey in tow) Hey, what's-what's going on?!
Rachel : Funny, because I was just gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Well, Phoebe that?s fine because I?m not moving.
Rachel : Yeah, I do. I-I do, do that.
Rachel : Well y?know, I don?t want you to be cold.
Rachel : And a crappy New Year.
Rachel : You can't move. You just... you just can't.
Rachel : Yeah. So don't move, okay? Just stay here and... (nods towards Ross) maybe close your blinds at night. (The phone rings and Chandler goes to get it)
Rachel : Yeah, we're gonna let you be alone.
Rachel : Aah! Why? What are these for?
Rachel : Ooh! Oh wow this is so beautiful. (she got a scarf)
Rachel : Oh God, that's right. I blocked that out.
Rachel : Oh, d'you like it?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Pheebs, I... there isn't gonna be any flying about! We actually thought we were a little too mature for stuff like that.
Rachel : Seriously Pheebs, it's not gonna be that kind of a party.
Rachel : Nooo! Phoebe, of course there is more! I mean, I'll just go and talk to Monica and get an ETA on the pee-pee's!
Rachel : Well, he's coming from Jersey, he said he would get here as fast as he could! (someone knocks at the door)
Rachel : (pretends to be shocked) Uh! The police!
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : All right, look, we did not know that you wanted a stripper so we went to the phonebook and we got the first name we could find!
Rachel : No, that's ok, let's me just get my check book!
Rachel : This is so awesome! College guys are so cute!
Rachel : I know. But if some guy who looks like Corey Haim wants to kiss me tonight, I'm sooo gonna let them! (They spot Chandler)
Rachel : It... You can so totally tell.
Rachel : Well lets see. Maybe he knows where Ross is. (They walk towards Chandler) Hey, how's it going (tries to look as un-interested in him as possible - checking out her nails).
Rachel : Yeah, Rachel. And this (points to Monica) is Ross' sister, Monica. We met at Thanksgiving. (looks around the room as if searching for something more interesting to do).
Rachel : Bitchin'
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : I am sooo drunk.
Rachel : (finishing the last of her drink) I am soo not going to do good on my SATs tomorrow.
Rachel : (sarcastic) Oh yeah. There is a plan! Why don't I just start taking my smart pills now?
Rachel : (blushing) Oh, what a line. (walks towards the drinks table with her back towards Chandler and whispers "Oh my God!")
Rachel : Oh well, You know, I think it's kinda really important that I go somewhere where there's sun, so I'm sort of... (Chandler leans in an kisses her) (She pulls away) Hey!
Rachel : (She considers it for a second) Yeah okay. (She puts her hands around his neck and they start kissing again)
Rachel : No, wait. No there's gotta be something else that you can do. I mean, what skills do you have?
Rachel : So maybe something in an office.
Rachel : (to Phoebe) Really?
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh, Monica made me send her to my mother's. Apparently babies and weddings don't mix.
Rachel : Uh... November?
Rachel : Hey Pheebs...
Rachel : Uhm... you haven't told these guys what they're doing in the wedding yet.
Rachel : Well, this is really awkward (staring at the floor) Oh, and I can leave!
Rachel : (excited and clapping her hands in front of her face) Goody, what is it!
Rachel : What, what, what, no, I don't wanna do that.
Rachel : Happy wedding day!
Rachel : Ok-dokey, Joey, listen. This is gonna be bridesmaid central, all right? We're gonna have hair and make-up going on in the bathroom and oh, I had to move a couple of things in the fridge to make room for the corsages.
Rachel : What d'you want?
Rachel : Oh, Ross, c'mon, please! Don't make this harder than it already is!
Rachel : Well, Chandler said that it's really important to him too!
Rachel : Oh, you are the lesser of two evils!
Rachel : Hi
Rachel : Even so, I think I'm gonna pick Ross.
Rachel : All right fine, I pick you.
Rachel : (not amused by his pun but forcing a smile anyway) Oh my...
Rachel : Well, in my defense, you were not supposed to tell each other.
Rachel : Who's there?
Rachel : Uh. (Mike walks in.)
Rachel : You know what, I can't do this. I don't know which one of you guys to pick.
Rachel : (sarcastic) Wow, this is a tough one. I think I'm gonna have to go with the dog. (Ross and Chandler look shocked) (Cut to Phoebe who is in the living room, still on the phone.)
Rachel : Since when do you watch the news?
Rachel : Wow, you know, it's so beautiful out there. You always wanted to get married outside. Why don't you guys just do it on the street?
Rachel : Well, look, it's hardly snowing anymore. I mean you couldn't ask for a more romantic setting. This could be the simple wedding you've always wanted!
Rachel : Oh Phoebe, I'm so happy for you honey. (she gives her a kiss)
Rachel : Geez Ross, you could have showered.
Rachel : How was the honeymoon? Phoebe; Oh, incredible! Oh! Champagne, candle-lit dinners, moonlight walks on the beach, it was sooo ro-man-tic!
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : I did not know you spoke French.
Rachel : Oh... you're so sexy!
Rachel : Seriously stop it, or I'm gonna jump on ya. OPENING CREDITS
Rachel : Ross...
Rachel : My father had an heart attack... (crying) ...while I was at Barney?s.
Rachel : Yeah, they said he's gonna be fine, but he's still heavily sedated.
Rachel : No, come on, I'm totally ok. (hugging him) I don't need you to come! I can totally handle this on my own.
Rachel : Ok. If you really need to.
Rachel : Oh, I really could.
Rachel : Ohh... (Ross mouths HA-HA at Monica and takes two cookies and she looks at him angrily)
Rachel : (stopping a nurse who's coming out of a room) Oh, uhm, excuse me, I'm here to see my father. My name is Rachel Green.
Rachel : Ross, please, this is a hospital, ok? That actually means something here.
Rachel : Can somebody please go in?
Rachel : Ross, please, don't be so scared of him!
Rachel : Oh! (They enter. Rachel sees his father, lying on a bed, with tubes, drip and everything) Oh! Oh my God! Ohhh, ohhh, wow, that ear and nose hair trimmer I got him was just money down the drain, huh?
Rachel : Oh, great, Are you gonna be ok?
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Uh. (pause) Did you call your parents?
Rachel : Oh good.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : What do you mean? You've been in my room before!
Rachel : Ok I gotta tell ya, it's really weird when you use my whole name.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Yeah, just so weird seeing him like that, you know? I mean he is a doctor, you don't expect doctors to get sick!
Rachel : (she's sad) Ow. I don't want him to wake up alone! I should go to the hospital!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Really, I shouldn't feel guilty?
Rachel : Ok, maybe you're right.
Rachel : Wait, wait, wait, wait. Would you stay here with me for a little while?
Rachel : Ok. (She sits on the bed and Ross sits near her) Thank you for coming with me today.
Rachel : Rachel Green is very happy you're in her room!
Rachel : I just don't want to be alone tonight.
Rachel : Wait, we won't know that until we do it, will we?
Rachel : Taking advantage? I'm giving you the advantage, enjoy!
Rachel : Wow. Ok.
Rachel : Mhm-mh!
Rachel : (She turns around very slowly, looks at him for a second and then turns back to her coffee) Sure. (She gives him the cup she was pouring for herself without looking at him)
Rachel : Hmm-hmm. (starts to pour herself a cup of coffee, never looking at Ross)
Rachel : (coldly) Yep.
Rachel : FYI..
Rachel : In the future, when a girl asks for some ill-advised sympathy sex... just do it. (she smiles fakely at him)
Rachel : (sarcastically) Really? Well, it seems to me if you'd done the right thing, I would not have woken up today feeling stupid and embarrassed, I would have woken up feeling comforted and satisfied!
Rachel : Oh stop that!
Rachel : (sarcastic) Oh, that is so hot. She walks around him to the other side)
Rachel : Oh, really, well Ross, you know what? I am a big girl. I don't need someone telling me what is best for me.
Rachel : Oh, really, really? Well, it wasn't very good for me either. (She turns to leave and Ross over takes her and stands infront on her, his back to the row of doors leading to the hospital rooms)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh, good.
Rachel : Okay... Hey listen, just before you go I-I again, I just wanna say "thank you" for coming with me.
Rachel : And also, you know I uh, I was thinking about what you said, you know, about the whole sex thing and... it's probably not a great idea to go down that road again.
Rachel : It's a shame though, I mean, when we did it, it was pretty good.
Rachel : Hey uhm, do you remember that one really great time...?
Rachel : You know it was you're uhm... birthday...
Rachel : Well, I guess that's all in the past, now.
Rachel : (after a pause) Not even one more time?
Rachel : No matter how much we want it.
Rachel : That's what we decided.
Rachel : ...It's kinda hard though!
Rachel : You know, when two people have a connection, you know, that's... just seems like such a... waste.
Rachel : ...Ross?
Rachel : Just so you know... With us... it's never off the table. (she enters her room and closes the door.)
Rachel : (while entering) Hi you guys.
Rachel : Ooh, Italian! (she also grabs a plate)
Rachel : Hey you guys... You're never gonna believe it. This headhunter called me. I have a meeting tomorrow with Gucci. Gucci wants me.
Rachel : Congratulations!
Rachel : Ooh! (they hug)
Rachel : (to maitre d') Hi, I'm here to see mr Campbell... with Gucci. The reservation is probably under Gucci. It's spelled like Gukki, which could be confusing. Maitre
Rachel : Oh my God! That's my boss. You have to seat us somewhere else. Maitre
Rachel : But my... but my boss cannot see me. I'm interviewing for another job. Maitre
Rachel : Sssshhhh! Mr
Rachel : Hi... I'm on a date... Mr
Rachel : Yeah, it is. Yeah, you know, it's tough. Single mom, career... You gotta get out there. Mr
Rachel : Oh. Mr
Rachel : Yes, hi! Mr
Rachel : Hi! (to mr Zellner) Excuse us. Mr
Rachel : Okay. Oh, yeah... (whispering to mr Zellner) Oh he's cute! Mr
Rachel : Wha... My resume? I wouldn't... I wouldn't call my online dating profile a resume. Mr
Rachel : (starts singing la la la la) Whatever happened to just singing for no reason? Huh? Mr
Rachel : What? I-I don't. Mr
Rachel : No, I-I-I love it there. Mr
Rachel : Oh! It's not good.
Rachel : Well, I didn't get the job at Gucci and I got fired from Ralph Lauren.
Rachel : Well, my boss was at the same restaurant where I was having my interview and he heard everything. So later he calls me to his office and he tells me that he's gonna have to let me go, because I'm not a team player. And I said "Wait a minute! Yes I am." and I had to sit there for 45 minutes while he proved that that in fact... was true.
Rachel : Oh it... good! Yeah, but I'm not gonna hear from that for a couple of days.
Rachel : Ah, all right. Here's to Ross!
Rachel : (crying) No, it's not that. I got fired today. And I didn't get the other job.
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : No, it's okay, you didn't know.
Rachel : Oh, thank you... (looks at his face trying to remember his name)
Rachel : (Is embarrassed for a moment, but it quickly passes) Well, now I don't have to. (The man leaves instantly) (In the meantime, Ross is trying to squeeze and push a rather large chair through the revolving doors of the Ralph Lauren building.)
Rachel : (annoyed) Ross, what is taking you so long?
Rachel : (turns around) Mark? Oh my God! (puts the box on the chair and they hug each other)
Rachel : I'm fantastic. You remember Ross?
Rachel : Oh, well, (looks at her box and chair) you're not catching me on my best day.
Rachel : No, but it's good, you know, I'm gonna take some time off and do some charity work.
Rachel : Well, screw charity work. What've you got?
Rachel : Great! I'll call ya!
Rachel : (very excited) Oh my God!
Rachel : Ross! That's Mark. From Bloomingdales? You were insanely jealous of him.
Rachel : Yes.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : What? You don't want me to get a job?
Rachel : Ugh.
Rachel : Ross, you know what? (looks over to the door and sees security staring at them) Okay, let's talk about it later, there comes security. (Takes her box and leaves. Ross follows her and then returns for the chair. He stands for a moment, then pushes it quickly in the general direction Rachel went into, and out of the camera's view, and then nonchalantly walks away)
Rachel : (entering) Hi you guys!
Rachel : Oh, it was great. Mark is so sweet.
Rachel : Oh Ross, come on. He's happily married. His wife just had twins.
Rachel : He offered me one.
Rachel : I know, it's amazing. It's amazing. It's so much better than what I had at Ralph Lauren. The money is great...
Rachel : The job is in Paris. (they all stare at each other) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Rachel : He offered me one.
Rachel : The job is in Paris. (we see Ross stare in disbelief) FADE OUT
Rachel : Oh, God! Please, somebody say something.
Rachel : I know, it's huge, and it's scary, and it's... really far, far away from you guys, but this is such an incredible opportunity for me. And I've already talked to them about our situation with Emma, and they said they'll do whatever we need to make us feel comfortable.
Rachel : I mean, I'll fly back and forth, they'll fly you out... Anything we want.
Rachel : Thank you! Thank you!
Rachel : I think it is. (Ross looks very sad. Phoebe and Joey enter.)
Rachel : I got a really incredible job offer.
Rachel : It's in Paris.
Rachel : Look, you guys... this is really, really important to me. And it means a lot if you could try to get on board.
Rachel : (walking towards Joey) Joey, it would mean so...
Rachel : Joey...
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Oh, well, she's asleep now. Stop forcing that thing on her.
Rachel : Oh, you're not gonna believe what happened to me today! Ralph Lauren called, and gave me my job back!
Rachel : Yee. I mean, it was so weirdest thing. They fired me and then out of nowhere they just hire me back! I mean, that place must have been falling apart without me.
Rachel : No, I'm still going.
Rachel : When the Louis Vuitton people found out that Ralph Lauren wanted me back, the offered me more money! Isn't that great?
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : You are never going to believe what happened to me today.
Rachel : Ralph Lauren called again and they offered me more money.
Rachel : Yeah. It was the weirdest thing. Zelner called me and he said we'll do everything we can to get you back. And that I should thank some Ron... I don't even know what department that guy's in.
Rachel : Well, I took it.
Rachel : (hesitant) Ye-ah. Yeah! You know, the money's great. It's certainly the easier choice...
Rachel : Yeah, you know, was I looking forward to going to Paris? Sure. You know, was I excited about working in the fashion capital of the world? Ooh, absolutely... Oh...! Yeah, but you know, this is... it's fine. I'm fine going back to a job where I've pretty much gotten everything out of that I possibly can... (she sits down, and Ross who is stunned to hear all this follows her example)
Rachel : Well yeah, but I mean, it was good scared though, you know? Like when I-moved-to-New-York scared. Or uhm, when I-found-out-I-was-gonna-have-Emma scared... But this is... fine. This is gonna be good. (they both stare around)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : You really think so?
Rachel : But I already told Zelner that I would come back...
Rachel : All right. ALL RIGHT! I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna go to Paris.
Rachel : Yeah! I'm going to Paris. Thank you, Ross!
Rachel : Oh! Oh, I'm so happy.
Rachel : Ok! Can't believe I'm risking this again, but you're on! All right Joe, you remember the rules! Heads I win, tails you lose.
Rachel : Oh, that sounds good!
Rachel : It's all done!
Rachel : I know... Honey, seriously, I did it all. The luggage that I'm taking is in the bedroom, this is Emma's Paris stuff, these are the boxes that I'm having shipped, and that's the sandwich that I made for the plane...
Rachel : Oh, well. Everything that I need (she takes her bag) is in here and my travel documents are on the counter organized in the order that I will be needing them.
Rachel : It should be right next to my plane ticket.
Rachel : What? Maybe I put it in here (she opens her bag). Oh, oh, it's not in there! Oh, no! I must have packed it in one of these boxes!
Rachel : Shoot. Oh, I can't believe I did this! Chandler (to
Rachel : No, no, no. It's ok. I'm gonna be fine.
Rachel : Well, I've been better.
Rachel : You guys are gonna come and visit me, right?
Rachel : I'm gonna miss you so much.
Rachel : You know what? Uhm, I have some goodbye stuff that I wanted to say to each of you and I was gonna save it until the end of the night, but come here (they go into the guest room).
Rachel : Oh, Pheebs, I don't even know where to start.
Rachel : Oh, oh. (she's holding the present, a transparent bag with a white stick in it). What is this?
Rachel : I'm gonna throw this away, but thank you so much for the gesture!
Rachel : I love you Phoebe.
Rachel : All right. Well, if I gonna do this, I'd better keep going.
Rachel : Ok. Monica?
Rachel : Can you come here with me for a minute?
Rachel : Mon... Okay... I've gotta... just say what it is I'm gonna say... None of the amazing things that have happened to me in the last ten years, would have happened if it wasn't for you. No-one has been more like a sister to me...
Rachel : (starts crying and speaking at the same time, making it almost impossible to understand what she's saying) I wouldn't know what I'm gonna do without you...
Rachel : (says something that cannot be understood)
Rachel : I... I... I... (again saying something that cannot be understood)
Rachel : (laughs) Oh, I'm sure gonna miss pretending to laugh at your weird jokes that I don't get.
Rachel : Well, these aren't mine. Maybe Monica used to use them with...
Rachel : Well, I think you're forgetting the kinkiest former resident of that room.
Rachel : (to Chandler) Can I talk to you alone for a minute?
Rachel : Oh honey...
Rachel : (all mushy) Oh, you know what? Let's not say anything else. I love you. (they hug)
Rachel : Okay. Oh... (Chandler blows raspberry again)
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Oh... (holding Ross's shoulder) Well...
Rachel : I think I'm gonna take off. (pats Ross on his back, but he looks very surprised)
Rachel : Oh, you guys. This was an amazing night. Thank you so much. I love you. Good night. (She leaves the apartment and they all stare at Ross)
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Ross...
Rachel : You really think I didn't say goodbye to you because I don't care?
Rachel : I cannot believe that after ten years, you do not know ONE thing about me.
Rachel : Because it is too damn hard Ross. I can't even begin to explain to you how much I'm gonna miss you. When I think about not seeing you every day, it makes me not want to go... Okay, so if you think that I didn't say goodbye to you because you don't mean as much to me as everybody else, you're wrong. It's because you mean more to me. So there, all right, there's your goodbye... Oh!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : WHAT? (Ross walks over to her and starts to kiss her passionately. After a while Rachel backs out. She thinks a while and starts kissing him back.) COMMERCIAL BREAK
