Ross : (MORTIFIED) Hi.
Ross : I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
Ross : No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay? I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.
Ross : No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
Ross : No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?
Ross : I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again! (ENTER Rachel IN A WET WEDDING DRESS. SHE STARTS TO SEARCH AROUND THE ROOM)
Ross : Hi. (THEY GO TO HUG BUT Ross' UMBRELLA OPENS. HE SITS, DEFEATED AGAIN) (A MOMENT OF SILENCE AS Rachel SITS; THE OTHERS EXPECT HER TO EXPLAIN)
Ross : You can see where he'd have trouble.
Ross : Paul the Wine Guy, Paul?
Ross : He finally asked you out?
Ross : (CHOKED VOICE) That'd be good...
Ross : (NORMAL VOICE) No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy! (A KNOCK AT THE DOOR. Monica GETS IT; IT'S PAUL)
Ross : So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
Ross : Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your- (THINKS) -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put togethe r my new furniture.
Ross : Okay, sure.
Ross : (SQUATTING and READING INSTRUCTIONS) I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little whim guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs. (Chandler and Joey HAVE APPARENTLY FINISHED A BOOKCASE, BUT THERE IS A BIT LEFT OVER)
Ross : (CLUTCHING A BEER CAN and SNIFFING) This was Carol's favourite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
Ross : You guys.
Ross : You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
Ross : I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Ross : (SCORNFUL) Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you? Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonn a ask? (GAZES OUT OF THE WINDOW) (CUT TO Rachel STARING OUT OF HER WINDOW) SCENE
Ross : I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.
Ross : You got a job?
Ross : The word you're looking for is 'Anyway'...
Ross : C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,...
Ross : No. No, I gotta go home sometime.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Mmm. (THEY Both REACH FOR THE LAST COOKIE) Oh, no-
Ross : No no no, go-
Ross : Split it?
Ross : Okay. (THEY SPLIT IT) You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Ross : You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Ross : Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Ross : Okay... okay, maybe I will...
Ross : Goodnight. (Exit Rachel to her bedroom. Enter Monica in dressing gown, as Ross is leaving)
Ross : I just grabbed a spoon. (EXIT Ross) (CLOSING CREDITS) CREDITS
Ross : Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
Ross : No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
Ross : Does she.
Ross : Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
Ross : (trying to ignore her) No. No.
Ross : Okay, okay, yes, it is. (waves) How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age. (Marsha extis and Ross waves Carol into the exhibit.)
Ross : Hi.
Ross : You look great. I, uh... I hate that.
Ross : Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...
Ross : Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family?
Ross : Why- why are you here, Carol?
Ross : Pregnant?!
Ross : (standing outside the door).....Hi.
Ross : Carol's pregnant.
Ross : Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now. (He enters.)
Ross : Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
Ross : Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them tomorrow.
Ross : I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father. (Joey starts to eat the rest of the lasagne and everyone turns and stares at him.)
Ross : I- I think they're great! I, I really do. Mr.
Ross : Aw, Mom...
Ross : Yeah. (They go to the kitchen.) Mrs.
Ross : (pulls his hand away) Okay! Okay. (To his parents) Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby. (Stunned silence ensues.) Mrs.
Ross : Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.
Ross : Must pee. (Goes to pee.)
Ross : ...How long was I in there?
Ross : D'ya.. uh.. d'ya need any help?
Ross : Anyway.. um.. (Starts to sweep.) So, you- uh- you nervous about Barry tomorrow?
Ross : Mm-hmm..
Ross : Mm.
Ross : Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
Ross : Got me.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yes, yes!
Ross : Me either... (He pulls up a stool so that he doesn't have to move his hand.)
Ross : (entering) Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway. (Susan enters holding a drink.)
Ross : How could I forget?
Ross : (they shake hands) Hello, Susan. (To Carol) Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?
Ross : ..Dr. Oberman. Okay. And is he-
Ross : -she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?
Ross : Okay, that's great. (Susan gives her drink to Carol.) No, I'm- Oh.
Ross : (picks up a surgical instrament and mimes a duck with it) Quack, quack..
Ross : So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
Ross : Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?
Ross : Marlon?!
Ross : ...As in Mouse?
Ross : Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?
Ross : 'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?
Ross : Helen Geller? I don't think so.
Ross : Thank you!
Ross : What, it's gonna be Helen Willick?
Ross : Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title?
Ross : Oh, 's'funny, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm.
Ross : No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.
Ross : Of course not, I'm... suggesting Geller-Willick-Bunch.
Ross : My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do- Dr.
Ross : You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now. (He turns to go, but the sound of the sonogram catches hes ear. He returns and stares at it.)
Ross : Oh my God.
Ross : Well? Isn't that amazing?
Ross : Then don't do that, alright?
Ross : (walks over to where Monica is standing)Monica. Whaddya think?
Ross : Wh- are you welling up?
Ross : You are, you're welling up.
Ross : You're gonna be an aunt.
Ross : Hey. Oh, oh, how'd it go?
Ross : That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
Ross : What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi! Opening Credits
Ross : Can I use.. either thumb?
Ross : Easy.
Ross : What is this?!
Ross : Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.
Ross : Yeah, well, you didn't know Chi Chi.
Ross : Hey, Pheebs.
Ross : ...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
Ross : ...What shoe?
Ross : ...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
Ross : You know what I like most about him, though?
Ross : The way he makes me feel about myself.
Ross : Well..
Ross : He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...
Ross : What?
Ross : Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.
Ross : A thumb?! (Phoebe nods.)
Ross : Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.
Ross : You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.
Ross : Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?
Ross : If only he were a woman.
Ross : Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch. (Does so.)
Ross : (finishing changing Chandler's nicotine patch) There y'go.
Ross : Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs?
Ross : Hey, I might!
Ross : Is there somebody else?
Ross : Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.
Ross : Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time.
Ross : Yeah. He could row like a viking.
Ross : So how'd it go?
Ross : You had a rough day, huh.. c'mere. (She sits down and Ross strokes her forehead.)
Ross : Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?
Ross : Joey, uh- OMnipotent.
Ross : I cannot sleep in a public place.
Ross : It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.
Ross : Why?
Ross : Funny, my birthday was seven months ago.
Ross : So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Ross : Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
Ross : Ohhh.
Ross : Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship. (Joey IS PUZZLED) Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
Ross : What are you doing?
Ross : Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
Ross : You can totally, totally live on this.
Ross : Oh, by the way, great service tonight.
Ross : Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we- (OFF Chandler'S LOOK) Sorry. Sorry. (THEY WALK ON. Chandler and Joey START TO TALK BUT Ross STOPS and WHINES)
Ross : Peach pit.
Ross : (POINTS) Peach pit. That night we, uh- we had-
Ross : Actually, nectarines, but basically..
Ross : Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the- (LOOKS UP, REALISES, and POINTS) -the bus stop... I'm fine.
Ross : (SQUEEZING PAST PEOPLE) Sorry, sorry... Uh-oh.
Ross : No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...
Ross : Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!
Ross : Pass it! Pass it!
Ross : (JUMPS TO HIS FEET) Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.
Ross : Hey, this- (SHE GIVES HIM A LOOK and THE GUYS BACK OFF) Heyy... (CUT TO THE GIRLS)
Ross : I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
Ross : Look, it's just a little more complicated...
Ross : Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
Ross : My first time with Carol was.. (MUMBLES)
Ross : It was my first time.
Ross : Hi. (HE IS WEARING A PIECE OF STEEL BandAGED TO HIS NOSE. HE TOSSES SOME FORMS ONTO THE RECEPTION DESK)
Ross : Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?
Ross : The kid..? (TO KID) Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.
Ross : (TO KID) Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever- (TO Chandler) -can't do it. (TO KID) Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
Ross : 'Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme!
Ross : (TRIES TO SNATCH IT-) GIVE ME MY PUCK!! (-BUT IT FLIES OUT OF HIS GRASP and KNOCKS OUT THE RECEPTIONIST)
Ross : ...Now that was fun. CREDITS
Ross : (DOING THE SPINNING) Okay,
Ross : Okay,
Ross : Green. To the green.
Ross : Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
Ross : Multiple orgasms! Opening Credits
Ross : Not even, say, breaking up with Janice?
Ross : Tony?
Ross : Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing. [Rachel gives him a dirty look] Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
Ross : That guy, he burns me up.
Ross : So, uh, Rachel, what are you, uh, what're you doing tonight?
Ross : Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?
Ross : Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
Ross : Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
Ross : [on phone] Ok, bye. [hangs up] Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.
Ross : It's laundry. The thinking through is minimal.
Ross : Nuh-uh.
Ross : So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Ross : [sheepish] No.
Ross : Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
Ross : What's goin' on?
Ross : Was your basket on top?
Ross : So?
Ross : No suds? Excuse me, hold on a second. [to woman] That's my friend's machine.
Ross : Hey, hey, hey, that's not the rule and you know it. [The woman and Ross stare at each other. Finally she takes her stuff out of the machine and leaves.]
Ross : [to the crowd in the laundromat] All right, show's over. Nothing to see here. [to Rachel] Ok, let's do laundry.
Ross : Well, that's because you're such a sweet, gentle, uh...Do you, uh, do you...Oh, hey, uh you must need detergent. [Ross pulls out a huge box of laundry detergent.]
Ross : Uberveiss. It's new, it's German, it's extra-tough. [Rachel starts to load her clothes.]
Ross : Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?
Ross : Rach, have you never done this before?
Ross : Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
Ross : [visibly nervous] Uh, that, that, that would be a judgment call.
Ross : That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me? [the buzzer on the washer goes off] I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross...[opens up the washer] Uh-oh.
Ross : [not wanting to tell her] Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing. [singing] Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.
Ross : Nothing, nothing. Lee-lo, the laundry's done.
Ross : All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Ross : Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
Ross : You got the clothes clean. Now that's the important part.
Ross : You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
Ross : Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer? [Ross turns and bangs his head on an open dryer door.] I'm fine, I'm fine.
Ross : No.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.
Ross : Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen. (LIGHTS GO UP ON THE
Ross : Is it? Feels like two.
Ross : What?
Ross : Oh. Hel-lo!
Ross : He could never get a woman like that in a million years.
Ross : C'mon! C'mon!
Ross : No, of course not! (THINKS) ...Yeah, yeah, it is.
Ross : Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking- (THEY All PRETEND TO FAll ASLEEP)
Ross : Fine. Fine, alright, now you'll never know.
Ross : Alright. There's a theory, put forth by Richard Leakey- (THEY All FAll ASLEEP AGAIN) SCENE
Ross : Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.
Ross : Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
Ross : Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Ross : Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they send you a notice.
Ross : Monica? You're Mom. (Monica GASPS)
Ross : C'mon, seriously, Joey, what's the part?
Ross : You're right, you're right, it is...So you gonna invite us all to the big opening? (AD BREAK) SCENE
Ross : Look at it this
Ross : No? What happened, big guy?
Ross : It felt like a 'big guy' moment.
Ross : Yeah, I mean- I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it- feel like your shot..?
Ross : She is a kook. (CLOSING CREDITS) CREDITS
Ross : And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.
Ross : That's my sister.
Ross : Phoebs, what about you?
Ross : Disneyland, 1989, 'It's a Small World After All.'
Ross : The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
Ross : Step back.
Ross : Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
Ross : Come on.
Ross : [sarcastically] And you didn't marry him because...?
Ross : Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
Ross : It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
Ross : But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.
Ross : Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Ross : Mmmm.
Ross : I do.
Ross : [innocently] What?
Ross : [acts surprised] What? [pause] Why not?
Ross : No, no, no. I'm not in the zone.
Ross : I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
Ross : I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment. [Joey looks at him] What? What, now?
Ross : Shhhh!
Ross : We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen. [everyone is silent] Don't you hear that?
Ross : See?
Ross : [to Joey] OK, here goes.
Ross : I'm going to do it.
Ross : You come out there, you're a dead man.
Ross : Thanks. [Joey hugs him] OK.
Ross : OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
Ross : OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
Ross : Yes, yes, that's right...
Ross : What? [the cat jumps on his shoulders] Ow! [
Ross : Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?
Ross : [nonchalantly] Yeah?
Ross : [rolling] Lucky sixes....
Ross : [jealous] So, um... where did Paolo come from?
Ross : No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives.
Ross : That, that is funny... [to Joey].... and Rachel keeps touching him. [Phoebe enters.]
Ross : [mocking Paolo] Blah blah blah, blah blah blah... blah blaaaaaah.... [Rachel walks away from Paolo, laughing.]
Ross : Wha-What did he say that was so funny?
Ross : That's... that's classic.
Ross : Paolo. Hi.
Ross : Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
Ross : Thing, yes. Thing.
Ross : No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um...
Ross : No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
Ross : Yeah! Se vice?
Ross : So you do know a little English.
Ross : Do you know the word crapweasel?
Ross : That's funny, because you know, you are a huge crapweasel! [They hug.]
Ross : Thank you.
Ross : Kinda... spooky without any lights.
Ross : OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah... [The lights come back on, and Rachel and Paolo are making out. Ross clutches his chest.]
Ross : Oh.. oh... oh.
Ross : Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.
Ross : No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so... [Joey congratulates Ross, sees Chandler's look and abruptly stops]
Ross : [To Joey] So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.
Ross : So, uh, how's she doing? Aunt
Ross : Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
Ross : Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants. Mr.
Ross : She looks so small.
Ross : Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop and Aunt Phyllis now.
Ross : Bye, Nana. [He goes to kiss her but she moves. Monica screams. Ross shouts and stares in disbelief. Monica runs out of the room]
Ross : Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite.. Mrs.
Ross : She's not- past, she's present, she's back. Aunt
Ross : I, uh, I'll go see. [He goes in]
Ross : Now she's passed. [Scene
Ross : Twice.
Ross : I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...
Ross : Nono, she's gone.
Ross : I thought it was gonna be a closed casket. Mrs.
Ross : [Sarcastic] I don't see why not. [He tries pushing against the chest of drawers. Then he opens one of the drawers and climbs into the closet using that; he falls behind the chest of drawers with a shout]
Ross : Here's my retainer! Scene
Ross : [Holding a dress out from inside the closet] This one? Aunt
Ross : I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy. Aunt
Ross : Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out. [Starts to climb over the furniture] Aunt
Ross : Okay. Um, how about these? [Holds out a pair] Mrs.
Ross : And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier? Aunt
Ross : [Forages around] Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work. Aunt
Ross : No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back. [He finds a shoebox (out of shot), pulls it down and opens it. It is full of Sweet 'n' Los.]
Ross : Oh my God.. Mrs.
Ross : Yeah, just... just Nana stuff. [He reaches up higher and knocks down another shoebox lid. Sweet 'n' Los rain down on him] [Commercial] Scene
Ross : [Entering] How we doing, you guys ready?
Ross : Some days it's all I can think about.
Ross : What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?
Ross : Oh, I hope they're not ruined.
Ross : I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff- [Not looking where he is going he falls into an open grave]
Ross : I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear realised... Scene
Ross : What, what is it?
Ross : Oh! No-n-
Ross : I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.
Ross : Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister [Kisses Mon], I love Pheebs.. [Hugs her]
Ross : ...Chandler!
Ross : [Hugs him] And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
Ross : Rachel. Rachel Rachel. [Sits down beside her] I love you the most.
Ross : No.
Ross : Oh.. you don't get it! [Passes out and slumps across her] [Cut to Joey watching TV in the corner. He makes an extravagant gesture of disappointment] Mr.
Ross : That little naked guy would be me.
Ross : Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Ross : Got me.
Ross : Looks like a fun gang. [They all look at each other and smile]
Ross : [Looking] Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something. End credits.
Ross : No, they're not.
Ross : You're wrong.
Ross : You're wrong.
Ross : [getting up, upset] I'm calling Mom. [Joey enters. His face looks abnormally colorful.]
Ross : [to Monica] Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.
Ross : Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
Ross : Well, I'm off to Carol's.
Ross : [mimicking] Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
Ross : Hi, is uh, is Carol here?
Ross : Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...
Ross : Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.
Ross : Kinda like a big face without skin.
Ross : Ok. [browsing the apartment] Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.
Ross : [picking up a book] Hey, hey, Yertle the Turtle. A classic.
Ross : The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?
Ross : You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?
Ross : Do you uh, do you talk about me?
Ross : Really?
Ross : Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
Ross : Oh, I hate this story.
Ross : I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.
Ross : That's closer. [Rachel enters, excited.]
Ross : Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child. [Ross grabs for some food, Monica slaps his hand away.]
Ross : Ok, Mom never hit. [Ross exits.]
Ross : Ok, ok, here we go. [he crouches down near her stomach] Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
Ross : Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.
Ross : [quickly talking] Hello, baby. Hello, hello.
Ross : And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Ross : Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok? [Susan enters.]
Ross : Shh! [singing] Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey! [to Carol] Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
Ross : Does it always, uh--?
Ross : Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.
Ross : Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.
Ross : Here we come, walkin' down the--this doesn't smell like Mom's.
Ross : I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.
Ross : And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
Ross : Guys? There's a somebody I'd like you to meet. [A monkey jumps on to his shoulder.]
Ross : 'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?
Ross : My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.
Ross : Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
Ross : Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe- [Realises] ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'. [Intro] [Scene
Ross : How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
Ross : Come here, Marcel. Sit here. [Marcel wanders off]
Ross : Just a smidge.
Ross : C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!
Ross : Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?
Ross : I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Ross : Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
Ross : So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
Ross : Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.
Ross : Four.
Ross : Five. [Buries his head in his hands]
Ross : Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
Ross : Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.
Ross : Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
Ross : Really.
Ross : What, uh... what juggling thing?
Ross : No.
Ross : Par-tay!
Ross : 'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Ross : Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
Ross : Thank you. [She walks off] C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling? [Marcel runs off] Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later. [The door opens. Rachel is standing there. Her coat is muddy and torn, her hair is dishevelled and her face is bruised. Everyone turns to look]
Ross : [Watching Marcel play with Phoebe. To Chandler] Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
Ross : Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.
Ross : [Watching Marcel and talking to Rachel] I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
Ross : C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.
Ross : Oh, please.. [Rachel opens the door to Paolo]
Ross : When did Rigatoni get back from Rome?
Ross : Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.
Ross : [Entering] What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs.
Ross : Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy. [Enter Rachel and Paolo. They are both somewhat flustered]
Ross : ...But a man can change. [Downs a shot] [Time lapse. Ross is now clearly drunk. He is holding up a shot glass to his eye like a jeweller's eye]
Ross : Anyone want me to appraise anything? [Rachel feeds something to Paolo. He eats it and licks her hand]
Ross : Yeah, I'm fine, I'm fine. [A woman emerges from the toilet behind him and he tries to pretend he was in the other one] Mrs.
Ross : Nothing. Nothing nothing nothing. Mrs.
Ross : No. It's the one he's licking. Mrs.
Ross : You're good. Mrs.
Ross : The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs.
Ross : When? Mrs.
Ross : The guy on the cover with his nipples showing? Mrs.
Ross : Please. Mrs.
Ross : Right. Mrs.
Ross : Uh-oh... [...Then full on the mouth] [Enter Joey]
Ross : Hey, is Chandler here?
Ross : Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell... [Joey shakes his head] Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
Ross : Okay.
Ross : What code?
Ross : Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
Ross : No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.
Ross : Okay, I'm scum, I'm scum.
Ross : I don't know, God, I- well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's-
Ross : Well- not in the same way...
Ross : Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here... [Mon+Rach's door opens and Rachel and Paolo emerge]
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Well, not playing raquetball!
Ross : He didn't get the goggles!
Ross : Do they wait for me to do this? [Joey and Ross go into Monica and Rachel's apartment]
Ross : Why would I tell him?
Ross : Oh...
Ross : You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.
Ross : Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... [He has caught sight of Joey scowling at him] I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
Ross : I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
Ross : Thanks, man, big help.
Ross : I wasn't- I mean, I-
Ross : I know-
Ross : Chandler-
Ross : Chandler-
Ross : Joey-
Ross : I cannot believe we're having this conversation.
Ross : Oh, uh, Phoebe just started a-
Ross : Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
Ross : Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?
Ross : [To the rest of Central Perk] We're rehearsing a Greek play.
Ross : No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
Ross : Okay, 'you' can't, or [Points to Chandler] you can't? [Chandler grabs his finger] Okay, that's my finger. [Chandler twists it and Ross goes down on one knee] That's, that's my knee. [To Central Perk] Still doing the play. Aaah! [Cut to the hospital. Monica bursts in, closely followed by Phoebe. There is no sign of Coma Guy- his bed is empty]
Ross : Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.
Ross : You're kidding.
Ross : Wow!
Ross : 'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say 'When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?'?
Ross : So, what's going on now?
Ross : Whaddya see?
Ross : [Very politely] Mrs. Bing. Mrs.
Ross : You mean that?
Ross : Yeah? How'd it go?
Ross : Well, howdya feel?
Ross : Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh? [Wags his finger at Chandler, then puts it down] But.. we don't have to go down that road. [Credits] [Credits
Ross : Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!
Ross : Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that! [snaps fingers]
Ross : [waves] Hello! Joey [in baby-like voice] How come you don't live with Mommy? [pause; shows Ross less than amused] How come Mommy lives with that other lady? [pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling] What's a lesbian? [playfully hits Ross] [Rachel enters with Paolo, speaking Italian. Ross looks annoyed]
Ross : Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be...[makes flinging motions with hands] flung by now? [Camera pans back to Rachel]
Ross : ...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? [pauses, looks suddenly inspired] I could call immigration!
Ross : Hey, hello! mmwa! [kisses Carol] I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.
Ross : Oh, that's great, that is great! [Hugs and kisses Carol. Then picks up a picture frame]
Ross : Hey, when did you and Susan meet Huey Lewis?
Ross : Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh oh oh!
Ross : No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is! [pauses] Or isn't... [Susan enters]
Ross : Susan...
Ross : Yes, we did, everything's A-OK!
Ross : Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be? Carol and
Ross : No problem, ok, mmmwa [kisses Carol] oh, mmmwa [kisses Carol's stomach, then punches Susan's shoulder] Susan... [Ross leaves.]
Ross : Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!
Ross : Wait--oh--hey--huh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!
Ross : Hi Pheebs!
Ross : I'm familiar with his work, yes...
Ross : My God!
Ross : The actress! [all talking indistinctly, high-fiving]
Ross : Thanks Rach. [Rachel walks away]
Ross : You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys? [waiting for guys to chime in]
Ross : I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
Ross : Come on, two on one.
Ross : What, now?
Ross : How's it going?
Ross : Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say... [shuts door in his face and walks away]
Ross : Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
Ross : [pulls Monica back] ...and I really think it should be me.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : You all right?
Ross : Come here. [he hugs Rachel] Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
Ross : What?
Ross : Huh.
Ross : Ohhhh [hugs her & sighs]
Ross : See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Ross : Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
Ross : I-I'm, I'm having a boy?
Ross : Wha-I'm having, I'm having a boy! [babbling] Huh, am I having a boy?
Ross : I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy! [Joey & Chandler run in]
Ross : I'm having a boy! I-I'm having a boy!
Ross : I'm having a son. Um... [Ross looks scared] END CREDITS
Ross : You what? Wh- what were you doing seeing her boobies?
Ross : Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your pee-pee.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad. [Cut to Chandler, Ross and Roger sitting at the table. Ross is upset]
Ross : Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level that-that she was a lesbian?
Ross : Why? Why would I- why? Why? Why? Why?
Ross : That- that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!
Ross : Nonono, that-that's not what I was saying...
Ross : Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good! [Cut to later. Rachel is in tears]
Ross : I dunno, there's just something about...
Ross : We're sorry, Pheebs, we're sorry.
Ross : So Joey, you okay?
Ross : She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.
Ross : She lent me an egg once.
Ross : Aw, right.
Ross : Hey. [stutters something incoherent]
Ross : An egg?
Ross : I think it's insane.
Ross : Hi. She said yes.
Ross : I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half. [Ross starts to laugh, and then makes a face like 'Why did I just say that?' Ross' ex-wife, Carol, and her lesbian lover, Susan, enter the restaurant. Ross stares at them.]
Ross : The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.
Ross : If you wanna put a label on it.
Ross : Nope, nope, that's it. [Carol takes off her jacket, her pregnant belly is exposed.]
Ross : Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part. [to Carol and Susan] Helloo!
Ross : So, um, what do you do for a living?
Ross : Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.
Ross : Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?
Ross : Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin...[struggling]...does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
Ross : You did so. I swear, I swear--[noticing Kristin's absence] How long has she been in the bathroom?
Ross : Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.
Ross : Oh, god. [He puts his head down on the grill] You know, this is still pretty hot. [He picks his head up, and a mushroom sticks to his head. Carol picks it off and eats it.]
Ross : No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you. [They kiss.]
Ross : No but, no but.
Ross : That's easy for you to say, you found one already.
Ross : What's going on?
Ross : Ah, the lesser-known "I don't have a dream" speech. [Monica enters, excited.]
Ross : Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?
Ross : OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
Ross : Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Ross : Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I might introduce her to my monkey.
Ross : Well, I don't know.... [gestures] huh-huh.... but I'm hoping [gestures] huh-huh.
Ross : He's not going to hurt you! Keep going, Celia. Marcel...
Ross : Alright... [lifts Marcel away]
Ross : OK.... um, a weird thing happened to me on the train this morning...
Ross : [embarrassed] Wha... what, here?
Ross : Ah....
Ross : [panicked] Er.... um.....
Ross : Um... uh.... vulva. Commercial
Ross : Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
Ross : Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
Ross : [deadpan] Please be kidding.
Ross : OK. [closes eyes] I'm in my apartment...
Ross : That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation. [gets up, walks across room]
Ross : Joey, please.
Ross : [impressed] Wow.
Ross : I... ahem... I really don't think so.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Sure.
Ross : OK, turn around. [Joey looks taken aback] I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.
Ross : Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.
Ross : I, er... [At this point, Chandler walks through the door. Ross and Joey both have their backs to him, so they don't notice. Chandler sees the situation and remains quiet, watching.]
Ross : I want to take my tongue... and... [Chandler is completely astounded.]
Ross : ....and....
Ross : ...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with... [Chandler leans back against the wall and Ross and Joey hear him. Ross and Joey both notice at the same time. They slowly stop, and then very slowly turn around to see Chandler staring at them.]
Ross : [rushing to explain] Funny story!
Ross : Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.
Ross : Oh, I was unbelievable.
Ross : I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were different characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Ross : Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so...
Ross : Yeah, which was nice.
Ross : I don't know whether he's testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, supposedly by accident.
Ross : And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did and pee-ed all over the crossword.
Ross : Oh, Pheebs, I'm sorry, but I've got to go. I've got Lamaze class.
Ross : No, Susan's gonna be there too. We've got dads, we've got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
Ross : No, no. I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I'm pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
Ross : I know.
Ross : I'm Ross Geller, and that's, that's my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this is Susan Bunch. Susan is Carol's... Who's next?
Ross : Susan is Carol's Carol's Carol's friend.
Ross : Like buddies.
Ross : You know how close women can get.
Ross : Although I was married to her.
Ross : Right.
Ross : A little.
Ross : Absolutely. So, twins. Huh, that's like two births. Ouch.
Ross : It doesn't matter. You don't dip your pen in the company ink.
Ross : Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote...
Ross : Relax, I'll fix it.
Ross : How did he do this?
Ross : You ok?
Ross : You wanna watch Laverne y Shirley?
Ross : Sorry. Hi. Sorry I'm late. Where's Carol?
Ross : No, no, no. I think I should stay. I think we should both know what's going on.
Ross : What? What?
Ross : Ok, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.
Ross : I see. So what do you propose to do?
Ross : Flip me for it? No, no, no--heads, heads!
Ross : Susan, go deep.
Ross : Carol, honey, shhh, everything's gonna be all right.
Ross : I'm gonna be a father.
Ross : I always knew I was havin' a baby, I just never realized the baby was having me.
Ross : Aw, how can you say that? I can't even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
Ross : Come on, he doesn't know this stuff. If he knew how you felt--
Ross : I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid. Chandler &
Ross : No, no, with him. I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby. I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defense is comin' right at me.
Ross : Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, I just heave it downfield.
Ross : Anyway, suddenly I'm downfield, and I realize that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See, I am so not ready to be a father.
Ross : Whoa. What about Phoebe's birthday?
Ross : Tonight.
Ross : You take your time.
Ross : What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.
Ross : Yeah, yeah. I got a lemon shmush.
Ross : Yeah, we'll just use our special cake tools.
Ross : Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all? Mr.
Ross : Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing? Mr.
Ross : No, no, Dad, I was just wondering. Mr.
Ross : Thanks, Dad. Really, you know, I just, I just needed to know, when did you start to feel like a father? Mr.
Ross : No, we can go to Williamsburg. Mr.
Ross : Good. Maybe he can switch it back. Maybe not.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Well did you try calling her?
Ross : Do you have a point?
Ross : It's just a furball.
Ross : Yours. I just got 43 points for "kidney".
Ross : I had a "k". Where's my "k"?
Ross : You've got to help me! My monkey swallowed a "k"!
Ross : No, you don't understand. The animal hospital is way across town. He's choking. I don't know what else to do.
Ross : Lady, he is people. He has a name, ok? He watches Jeopardy. He touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please, have a heart! Dr.
Ross : He looks so tiny.
Ross : Yeah. The doctor got the "k" out. He also found an "m" and an "o".
Ross : Well, the doctor says he's gonna be fine. He's just sleeping now.
Ross : No, why?
Ross : Uh, Rach, we're running low on resumes over here.
Ross : Rach, did you proofread these?
Ross : Uh, nothing, I'm sure they'll be impressed with your excellent computer skills.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : I don't know.
Ross : No, it's not just that. It's just--I want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? Who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh... [begins to stare lovingly at Rachel]
Ross : What?
Ross : Who?
Ross : Look, I am totally, totally over her, OK, I just... [Rachel comes over, Ross lays head on
Ross : We're fine, we're fine.
Ross : Uhhhh... Joey cried last night.
Ross : Oh, guys, you should've seen him. 'Read 'em and weep.'
Ross : No, women are welcome to play.
Ross : Excuse me, do any of you know how to play?
Ross : No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can't--you can't do--
Ross : No, no. Uh... no, see, uh, you-you can't do that.
Ross : Oh, you're... [gives up] [Monica comes back to the table with plates of food.]
Ross : Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
Ross : The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Ross : Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.
Ross : [pause]...Yeah.
Ross : Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt... [claps hands three times]
Ross : I'm not a nice guy.
Ross : Alright boys, let's eat.
Ross : You still on that?
Ross : You are way off, pal.
Ross : Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one time--not any more. I just--I-- [Marcel makes a screeching noise in background.]
Ross : Marcel! Where are you going with that disc? [Marcel puts a CD in the player.]
Ross : You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OK--if you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble. ['The Lion Sleeps Tonight' starts to play. Marcel starts to dance.]
Ross : Alright. [Ross shuts off the CD player. Marcel runs into the bedroom and slams the door.]
Ross : I'm gonna pay for that tonight. [Knock on door. Ross opens it. Rachel enters.]
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Uh, Rach, do you want me to shuffle those?
Ross : Alright.
Ross : So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
Ross : Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
Ross : So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
Ross : Uh... to the bathroom.
Ross : I want to go to the bathroom. [exits]
Ross : Alright. [to
Ross : Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush. [lays down cards]
Ross : Oh, I am very in.
Ross : No, not this time. [he folds] So... what'd you have?
Ross : Come on, show them to me. [reaches for her cards, Rachel covers them up]
Ross : Show them to me!
Ross : Let me see! Show them!
Ross : First of all, I'm not losing...
Ross : Let's not talk about losing. Just deal the--
Ross : [mimicking Rachel] Mee mee, mee-mee mee.
Ross : I'm in for fifty cents. [throws it in]
Ross : I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.
Ross : No, I fold. [lays cards down, and gets up]
Ross : I'm in. [throws in chips]
Ross : One. [Rachel gives him the card.]
Ross : I bet two dollars. [throws it in]
Ross : I see your twenty, raise you twenty-five. [throws it in] [The other four look amazed at the large pot.]
Ross : [to
Ross : Fifteen.
Ross : Thank you.
Ross : [to
Ross : You got me. [Monica and Phoebe get up and start celebrating in the kitchen, pouring wine and singing. Rachel, shocked, goes to join them.]
Ross : Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know. [looks at Rachel] But, uh... look how happy she is. [smiles] [Chandler and Joey look at her, and then look back at him. They dive for Ross's hand to see what he had, and he tries to stop them from looking.] CLOSING CREDITS
Ross : Uh.... bean! Bean! [Rachel begins tapping the picture of the bean frantically.]
Ross : Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice. [Marcel brings the rice] Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'. [Rachel ignores him] 'Bring me the' and- Rach?
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Really.
Ross : Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Ross : Waitwait. I, I got it. I was there.
Ross : Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could- could curl your toes, might just be the one who... [Enter the other four]
Ross : ...Gets interrupted. Hi!
Ross : Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
Ross : That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.
Ross : 'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there. [Scene
Ross : I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
Ross : Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
Ross : Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
Ross : Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Ross : Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?
Ross : Yeah. You, uh, you want some?
Ross : Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? [Uncorks the wine] Well-
Ross : Okay, quick and painful. [Starts to cork the wine]
Ross : Oh, what? Whatwhat?
Ross : ...Yeah?
Ross : [Angry] I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
Ross : No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
Ross : You called Animal Control?
Ross : Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.
Ross : That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment! [A knock on the door. Rachel swiftly opens it]
Ross : Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
Ross : Cat!
Ross : My uncle Marcel.
Ross : Marcel?
Ross : Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
Ross : Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village. [Kicks a sign in frustration] And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Ross : Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
Ross : Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
Ross : I don't even wanna hear it, you're just-
Ross : Oh, forget it, okay?
Ross : What? What? [A man carrying a box of bananas walks past them. They stare for a minute and then hobble after him]
Ross : Hi, did you order some bananas? Mr.
Ross : Gimme back my monkey. Mr.
Ross : Marcel? Marcel? Okay, where is he? Where is he? Marcel? Marcel? [Marcel jumps into view wearing a pink dress. Everybody gasps]
Ross : Marcel! What've you done to him? Mr.
Ross : Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon. [Marcel starts to go to him] Mr.
Ross : C'mere, Marcel. [Turns to Ross] Mr.
Ross : Okay, gimme my monkey back. Mr.
Ross : Alright, I want my monkey.
Ross : [To Rachel]You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
Ross : It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will. [Marcel resists] Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
Ross : Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I-
Ross : Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
Ross : Alright. [He goes to get the glasses. Then he hesitates and turns off the main light. Rachel looks round and he acts surprised] The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. [He sits down and starts to pour the wine] Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um- [Barry bursts in]
Ross : We have got to start locking that door! [Credits] [Credits
Ross : I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.
Ross : I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!
Ross : Okay, okay, what's going on?
Ross : Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?
Ross : What? What? What?!
Ross : That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
Ross : That's, that's nice twice!
Ross : What was with the dishes?
Ross : ...desperate, needy, pathetic?
Ross : You- you had what?
Ross : What, uh... what were you thinking?
Ross : No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!
Ross : It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
Ross : (GOING) I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay? (EXIT Ross. A PHONE RINGS. Chandler DIVES FOR HIS PHONE)
Ross : Four
Ross : Thanks. (ENTER Joey)
Ross : "Heating device".
Ross : Five letters.
Ross : I just wanna clarify
Ross : Second date!
Ross : I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
Ross : Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back- [Marcel runs toward Rachel's room] come here, Marcel-
Ross : What? It's, it's just a phase.
Ross : Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.
Ross : What?
Ross : [Mortified] Hi. Chandler and
Ross : At the vet.
Ross : She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.
Ross : She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.
Ross : I'm gonna have to give him up. [Commercial] [Scene
Ross : I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
Ross : No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin', he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
Ross : Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
Ross : What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
Ross : Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.
Ross : [Reading letters] Oh God. [To Marcel] We didn't get into Scranton. [To the others] That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
Ross : Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?
Ross : Where exactly is your zoo? Dr.
Ross : Yes. Dr.
Ross : Nono, he's, he's very docile. Dr.
Ross : Well I, I don't know. Why? Dr.
Ross : He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... Dr.
Ross : Why- why- why would he need a blade? Dr.
Ross : He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr.
Ross : Aww. Thank you, Aunt Phoebe.
Ross : Just, just say what you feel.
Ross : That was good.
Ross : Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
Ross : Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. [He sits down and Marcel jumps down and sits beside him] Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- [Marcel climbs down and starts humping his leg] Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him. [Marcel is put in a cage and taken away. Closing credits] [Credits
Ross : Why, why, why would you dream that?
Ross : I love it, when we share. [Ross goes over to the counter. Chandler follows him.]
Ross : I can?t belive you two had sex in her dream.
Ross : Phoebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
Ross : Oh, it?s my new beeper.
Ross : No, it?s for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
Ross : College?
Ross : Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it?s baby time. Baby time.
Ross : [on phone] Yeah, hi, I was just beeped. [pause] No, Andre is not here. [to Joey] Third time today. [on phone] Yes, I?m sure... No, sir. I don?t perform those kind of services.
Ross : [on phone] Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that?s right. That?s right, JUMBO with a U, sir. [pause] No, belive me, you don?t want me. Judging by his number, I?d be a huge disappointment. [pause] All rightie, bye bye. [Phoebe and Chandler enters]
Ross : Oh, oh Chandler...
Ross : 'The hills were alive with the sound of music.' [Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs]
Ross : 'My scones.' [Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs again]
Ross : [on phone] Okay, Andre should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye. [to Phoebe] Just easier that way.
Ross : Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
Ross : You?re sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?
Ross : Huh!
Ross : Are you not seeing him anymore?
Ross : Oh, yeah.
Ross : Sorry.
Ross : It?s morphin time!
Ross : Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she?s having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
Ross : Oh, welll this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know. [Ethan enters]
Ross : I thought that was just a rumour.
Ross : Are you?re hands still wet?
Ross : I?m here.
Ross : What? [his beeper goes off] Great, now I?m having a baby.
Ross : Ooh, Ooh.
Ross : I?m having... I?m having a baby. [jumps back onto the table again] I?m having a... Where?s the phone? The phone?
Ross : I?m hurt. CLOSING CREDITS
Ross : Monica, let?s go. Come on now people, woman in labor. [Chandler struts out from his apartment]
Ross : Yeah, save it for the cab, okay. [Rachel comes out from their apartment with a mirror and a lipstick in her hands]
Ross : What are you doing? We?re going to a hospital.
Ross : Joey, get out of the fridge.
Ross : What is that? [refering to the sandwich]
Ross : Save it.
Ross : Monica, come on now. Let?s go, baby coming. [Monica enters from their apartment, crying]
Ross : That?s nice. Get out Let?s go, come on.
Ross : She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.
Ross : I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug. [Joey makes a sound of absolute disgust.]
Ross : God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.
Ross : She's not even here yet.
Ross : [to Carol] Where the hell have you been?
Ross : Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.
Ross : Stopped for a Chunky.
Ross : [weakly] No. [Carol's doctor, Dr. Franzblau arrives.] Dr.
Ross : Dr. Franzblau, hi. Dr.
Ross : 59 seconds. [holds up his watch] Quartz, ha.
Ross : I'll get it.
Ross : I got it--I'm getting it! [They both leave just as Rachel enters the room, holding a cup.]
Ross : Yeah. I'm paying you to stop.
Ross : Breathe.
Ross : Breathe.
Ross : Breathe.
Ross : 15 more seconds, 14, 13, 12...
Ross : Who the hell is Jordie?
Ross : No no no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.
Ross : What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.
Ross : I got it.
Ross : I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.
Ross : Why?
Ross : No, you started it.
Ross : But--
Ross : [to Susan] Thanks a lot.
Ross : [to Carol] Yeah, listen--
Ross : Please. This is so your fault.
Ross : Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.
Ross : You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?
Ross : Oh, I'm threatened by you?
Ross : Yeah, Susan.
Ross : I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back. [walks backwards as if he is going to break down the door, but steps in a bucket and falls] Ow.
Ross : Help! Help!
Ross : Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit. [to Susan] This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
Ross : No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Ross : Every day is Lesbian Lover Day.
Ross : You wanna explain that?
Ross : Ok, got the vent open.
Ross : Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben. [Ross and Susan lift Phoebe up into the vent.]
Ross : Phoebs, It's open! It's open! [Ross and Susan run to the delivery room, leaving Phoebe dangling from the vent.]
Ross : We're here!
Ross : Long story, honey. Dr.
Ross : Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?
Ross : [puts his head near the baby] Hello! [to Dr. Franzblau] Oh, sorry.
Ross : We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
Ross : Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jello.
Ross : Oh, thanks, Pheebs! [They look up towards the vent and wave at Phoebe.]
Ross : [thinking] How 'bout Ben?
Ross : We uh, we just cooked it up.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : [to Ben] I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.
Ross : The head, the head. You gotta...
Ross : Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this. [walks out of the picture] But I'll still always come back, like this. [returns] And sometimes I may be away longer, like this. [walks away] But I'll still always come back, like this. [returns] [Chandler comes into the picture.]
Ross : No, this is pretty much it. [long moment of silence]
Ross : All right, I'll see you guys later. [They all leave but Ross, but they all come back a few seconds later. They make faces at the baby.]
Ross : And here's little Ben nodding off...
Ross : [quietly] That would be nice. [Chandler, annoyed with Ross's fawning, makes a 'pfft' noise.]
Ross : [overhearing] What kind of research?
Ross : Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that. [everyone's interest is piqued, they all look over]
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Hey. [Phoebe sees his bags]
Ross : I'm going to China.
Ross : Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the bo--it's--it's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary [hands a sheet of paper to Monica]. Um... here's a picture of me... [hands it to Monica]
Ross : [to
Ross : Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
Ross : Oh. [pause] Hey, who's Carl?
Ross : No.
Ross : At the coffeehouse, right.
Ross : OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : [sigh]....I have to go to China.
Ross : No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
Ross : Well, Rachel's having drinks with him tonight.
Ross : Yeah... I guess. I don't--I don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK? [gives Chandler a gift for Rachel]
Ross : I know.
Ross : [something in Chinese] Flight
Ross : Ni-chou chi-ma! [walks onto jetway] [Rachel runs into the airport, trying to catch Ross, moving people out of the way.]
Ross : I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.
Ross : Fine, just stop thinking about me. [She tries, and Ross disappears momentarily. He reappears, standing closer to her.]
Ross : Can't do it, can you?
Ross : I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?
Ross : Rachel, come on. Give us a chance.
Ross : No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
Ross : I know.
Ross : Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?
Ross : [pause] No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?
Ross : Well, start looking. [They kiss. Ross walks away, and then fades out.]
Ross : Oh, hey, hey, I got that. [Ross picks up the bag... then he and the woman (Julie) kiss.]
Ross : No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : No, no, they will. I just... uh...
Ross : Come on, they're gonna love you.
Ross : Rache!
Ross : It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?
Ross : You're bleeding.
Ross : Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
Ross : That's all right, Rache, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica, Chandler, Joey. Everyone, this is Julie.
Ross : And bus.
Ross : You gotta hear this story.
Ross : But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Ross : Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
Ross : Yeah, it's really
Ross : Hey, Rache, can I get some coffee?
Ross : Thank you.
Ross : I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
Ross : It was you, pal.
Ross : Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
Ross : I didn't order lemonade.
Ross : But--
Ross : How is that the silver lining?
Ross : Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
Ross : Hello? Hi.
Ross : Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either. Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y--
Ross : Rachel! I'll just call her back.
Ross : Hi. Sorry we're late but we were--well, there was touching.
Ross : Hey, Paulo. What are you doing here?
Ross : So, uh, he's back.
Ross : No, not a problem.
Ross : How's the hair?
Ross : Hey, what's goin' on?
Ross : What?
Ross : what?
Ross : Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?
Ross : I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten.
Ross : Well, I gotta go. Bye. Bye, Rache.
Ross : Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by "bye!"
Ross : What's goin' on?
Ross : Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
Ross : Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that. You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
Ross : What are you guys doing?
Ross : Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
Ross : This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
Ross : Hi, honey.
Ross : Hello to the rest.
Ross : So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?
Ross : It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.
Ross : Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
Ross : My mommies love me. That's clever.
Ross : Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
Ross : It's breast milk.
Ross : Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk?
Ross : No!
Ross : Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.
Ross : I did not freak out.
Ross : Because it's breast milk. It's gross.
Ross : No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
Ross : That would be no.
Ross : You've tasted it? You've tasted it.
Ross : Oh, you've tasted it.
Ross : Gimme the bottle. Gimme the towel.
Ross : I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.
Ross : Not hating Yanni is not a real reason. (knock)
Ross : We'll give you Janice.
Ross : Sure, sweepin'. You never know. Mr.
Ross : Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?
Ross : You don't believe in evolution?
Ross : Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?
Ross : Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
Ross : You uh, you don't believe in gravity?
Ross : How can you not believe in evolution?
Ross : Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
Ross : You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.
Ross : Well, there you go.
Ross : Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?
Ross : Please tell me you're joking.
Ross : No, no, Pheebs, we can't, ok, because--
Ross : Is there blood coming out of my ears?
Ross : You remember Janice, right?
Ross : Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
Ross : It's the only possibility, Phoebe.
Ross : There might be, a teeny, tiny, possibility.
Ross : What?
Ross : You comin'?
Ross : Man, I sure miss Julie.
Ross : You ever figure out what that thing's for?
Ross : I know.
Ross : Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
Ross : Oh my god. You are pure evil.
Ross : (on phone) Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.
Ross : Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
Ross : I'm tellin' you. You can't do this.
Ross : That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
Ross : Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
Ross : Go.
Ross : Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--
Ross : Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
Ross : Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
Ross : That's fine, I'll just wait!
Ross : Monica! (glasses clinking)
Ross : Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
Ross : Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?
Ross : That sounds great. Same for me.
Ross : (using calculator) Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
Ross : Oh, you're right, I'm sorry.
Ross : Monica's big night, she shouldn't pay.
Ross : So five of us is, $33.50 apiece.
Ross : Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
Ross : Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
Ross : I hear ya.
Ross : I, I just never think of money as an issue.
Ross : That's a good point.
Ross : Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Ross : G-gift? The thing's not the gift?
Ross : Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.
Ross : No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.
Ross : Not at the concert.
Ross : Whoo!
Ross : But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
Ross : Come on.
Ross : Could you be less enthused?
Ross : We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.
Ross : I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.
Ross : Fine.
Ross : Chandler!
Ross : Geez! Are you ready?
Ross : Whoa! You had sex today?
Ross : Wow.
Ross : Still doing the screening thing?
Ross : (silently mouthing) Bumpy?
Ross : Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.
Ross : Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.
Ross : Excellent, that was excellent.
Ross : What guys? Oh, yeah.
Ross : Ross.
Ross : Hey, you guys.
Ross : Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
Ross : Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.
Ross : It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.
Ross : Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.
Ross : Hi guys.
Ross : Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
Ross : [reluctantly] Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
Ross : Uh, actually, we're getting a cat.
Ross : Uh huh.
Ross : Yep.
Ross : Hopefully.
Ross : Hey Rach.
Ross : Oh. And how was the date?
Ross : Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
Ross : OK. Oh, oh, oh. [runs over and picks up the cat toy]
Ross : No, I stayed at Julie's last night.
Ross : Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
Ross : Rach, I got a message from you. [pauses] Who's Michael? [Rachel comes out of her room, suddenly she remembers leaving the message.]
Ross : You're over me?
Ross : Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?
Ross : When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Ross : You've had feelings for me?
Ross : Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?
Ross : Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?
Ross : China.
Ross : Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?
Ross : [doorbell buzzes] That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie. [talks on intercom] Hi Julie.
Ross : [perky] I'll be right down.
Ross : Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.
Ross : Cat. [leaves]
Ross : I didn't get a cat.
Ross : No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.
Ross : You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
Ross : I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Ross : Then you should have said something before I met her.
Ross : There was never a good time.
Ross : Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
Ross : The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Ross : Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
Ross : Fine.
Ross : Good.
Ross : Try the bottom one. [She opens the door and they kiss.] CLOSING CREDITS
Ross : And, uh, and then I kissed her.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Ross : Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
Ross : Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... [Rachel enters, carrying a tray]... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.
Ross : How are you?
Ross : Good. [Julie enters.]
Ross : Hi, Julie. [nervous] Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?
Ross : [uncomfortable] Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?
Ross : [impatient] Play it.
Ross : [to Joey] Ssshh.
Ross : I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
Ross : Can't we just use a pen?
Ross : I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
Ross : And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
Ross : I don't know.
Ross : [long pause] She's not Rachel.
Ross : Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : I uh, I just got back from uh, from Julie's.
Ross : No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.
Ross : Well, uh.
Ross : Really. It's always been you, Rach. [Ross and Rachel hug.]
Ross : I know, I know, it's, it's almost...[turns around, sees Chandler and Joey] What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?
Ross : Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get your coat. [Ross leaves.]
Ross : Hey, someone order a coat?
Ross : He won't? [remembers what it is] He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?
Ross : No!
Ross : That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
Ross : No, you don't.
Ross : Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?
Ross : Now that's a little spoiled. He was supposed to type "little", the idiot.
Ross : No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?
Ross : No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.
Ross : No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?
Ross : Rach! Whoops! Rach, hey, open up, please!
Ross : I just wanna read something. It's your pro list.
Ross : [reading his list] Ok, ok, number
Ross : Number
Ross : Hey, Joey. You wanna open the window?
Ross : I am, uh, I am...
Ross : Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance. [Rachel opens the door.]
Ross : No?
Ross : Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
Ross : No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
Ross : You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Look, can, can you do something for me?
Ross : So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?
Ross : Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme. OPENING TITLES
Ross : Hey guys. Chandler, Monica, and
Ross : Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. [Rachel is not impressed]. . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh. [sings] Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
Ross : How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? [Rachel walks off] Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
Ross : Here, go nuts. [gives him the Slinky and goes and sits with others at the couches]
Ross : Hey guys. Chandler, Monica, and
Ross : Um, just some presents.
Ross : [childishly] OK. OK, this is a picture frame from Ben to my parents, huh.
Ross : I got some, uh, hers and hers towels for Susan and Carol. And, uh, I got this blouse for mom. [Ross holds up the blouse. It is extremely tacky, with sewn-on medals hanging off of it.]
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Uh, Macy's, third floor, home furnishings.
Ross : Hey, anyone hear from Phoebe yet?
Ross : Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?
Ross : Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
Ross : C'mon Rachel.
Ross : See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
Ross : C'mon, just tell me, please, please.
Ross : Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
Ross : Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one. [goes to the radiator and starts turning the knob] OK, this way is on, so this is. . . [breaks off the knob] off.
Ross : No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.
Ross : It uhh, it won't go back.
Ross : Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.
Ross : OK, tip the man.
Ross : Hey, here's a
Ross : [sitting at table talking to a girl] It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
Ross : Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.
Ross : Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
Ross : Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. [approaches Mr. Treeger] Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas. [Gives him the cash.] Mr.
Ross : No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now? Mr.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : You mean hardball?
Ross : Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting? Mr.
Ross : Hey, Phoebs, how'd it go.
Ross : Are you OK?
Ross : You got me a cola drink?
Ross : Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.
Ross : I don't want to.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Oh c'mon. Maybe you're just, uhhh... paying your dues.
Ross : [sullenly] Hiiiiii.
Ross : Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Ross : Don't toy with me. [Fun Bobby enters from Monica's bedroom.] Fun
Ross : Hey, Fun Bobby! Fun
Ross : Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!
Ross : Oooooh.
Ross : Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Ross : What? What's wrong?
Ross : Alright.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?
Ross : A date.
Ross : Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.
Ross : Yes, yes I am. And you are a....
Ross : Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.
Ross : I, uh, well... I... I met Russ.
Ross : Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.
Ross : Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
Ross : OK, well, um, have a nice evening.
Ross : [upset] She's dating. She's dating.
Ross : What do you mean?
Ross : See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
Ross : ....................Yeah.
Ross : [condescendingly] Dysprosium? Try mendelevium.
Ross : [to Russ] For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.
Ross : Oh you do, do you?
Ross : Of... of what?
Ross : Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.
Ross : No, no, let me finish.
Ross : No, you let me fini... [Rachel walks up behind them.]
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Where ya goin'?
Ross : Ooooohhhh. [Monica pulls out a bag full of airline bottles of liquor.]
Ross : What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
Ross : How'd the callback go?
Ross : Good for you.
Ross : Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
Ross : Oh, great. Great. There was a projectile, uh, throwing up incident, but he started it.
Ross : Ok.
Ross : Oh, you and me?
Ross : Ok.
Ross : As in, "I now pronounce you wife and wife" married?
Ross : Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
Ross : No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
Ross : Mmm hmmm.
Ross : Uh-huh. [at Rachel and Monica's]
Ross : This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.
Ross : Would it matter?
Ross : I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
Ross : If you wanna call that a reason.
Ross : Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Ross : Excellent!
Ross : That is so good! Do it again!
Ross : No no, that's me.
Ross : Oh, hello.
Ross : Is everything ok?
Ross : Oh my god.
Ross : Oh, I believe I had the half-drunk cappuccino with the lipstick on the rim.
Ross : Hi, Mrs. Green. [He gets up to shake her hand, but she ignores him.] Mrs.
Ross : And you had no idea they weren't getting along?
Ross : No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
Ross : What's the matter?
Ross : What?
Ross : Carol, what's the matter? What happened?
Ross : Oh my god.
Ross : It's ok. I'm sorry.
Ross : I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.
Ross : Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.
Ross : Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
Ross : Any time. [He doesn't want to let her go]
Ross : Yeah, can't help but.
Ross : Ok.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : No, that's fine.
Ross : Ok. [They dance; Carol looks on lovingly.]
Ross : Well, Mon, I was married.
Ross : That commercial always makes me so sad.
Ross : I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.
Ross : Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.
Ross : Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Ross : Hey guys.
Ross : Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Ross : Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the name Marcel.
Ross : Oh my God, what happened?
Ross : I can't believe this.
Ross : Well, ya know, someone should have called me.
Ross : Zoo dollars?
Ross : I was thinkin' about it.
Ross : Uhh, hey look, I don't really enjoy being with other men that way. But, um, zoo dollars?
Ross : Buddy, my monkey?
Ross : Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
Ross : That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
Ross : That guy Lipson?
Ross : No, I, I only know Lipson.
Ross : Buddy, my monkey, my monkey.
Ross : Of course.
Ross : This is unbelievable.
Ross : Are you trying to get me to bribe you?
Ross : But you already told me everything.
Ross : Check it out, he actually is the MonkeyShine monkey.
Ross : Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
Ross : Well, there goes my whole belief system. [knock at the door]
Ross : That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.
Ross : Hans...Hans...Yo evil twin.
Ross : Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.
Ross : I know.
Ross : This is so exciting, I haven't seen my monkey in almost a year.
Ross : Uh, excuse me, uh, where can we find the monkey? Security
Ross : Uh, I'm sorry, you don't understand, I'm, I'm, I'm a friend of his. We uh, we used to live together. Security
Ross : Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel. [Marcel doesn't react so Ross starts singing] In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. [no reaction from Marcel, Monica and Joey urge him on] In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight. [Marcel looks over and everyone joins in] a-weema-way, a-weema-way..... [Marcel runs over and hops up on Ross's shoulder]
Ross : Good morning. Hey pal, look who I brought. It's your old friend Harry Elefante. [Marcel grabs the elephant doll and throws it to the ground]
Ross : I don't get it, he seemed so happy to see me yesterday.
Ross : Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.
Ross : Hey, we can rescedule for Saturday.
Ross : OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.
Ross : With mealworms.
Ross : Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.
Ross : Thanks for letting me tag along tonight you guys.
Ross : [to Joey who's looking over a toilet stall] Joey, some people don't like that.
Ross : What? Let me see. [climbs up in the other adjoining stall]
Ross : Hi Tushie.
Ross : What happened?
Ross : Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
Ross : What? ["Looks Like We Made It" starts playing and we enter a whole sequence of Marcel and Ross having fun in the city.]
Ross : Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy. [Marcel is driven off in a limo]
Ross : Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
Ross : Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
Ross : [puts the message in the cupboard] I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Ross : Wha, OK, now how do you know that?
Ross : Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
Ross : Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
Ross : No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.
Ross : Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
Ross : [Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something. [walks up in the middle of their conversation] Excuse me, are you Rachel?
Ross : I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.
Ross : Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.
Ross : OK, see ya later, nice meeting you. [man leaves] You're welcome.
Ross : I was saving you.
Ross : Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .
Ross : But, you are.
Ross : Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.
Ross : No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
Ross : Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?
Ross : No, but. . .
Ross : Well, but, but. . .
Ross : E-except, except that what?
Ross : Oh.
Ross : Hey guys. Mrs.
Ross : No, he's at uh, Carol's and Susan's today. Mr.
Ross : Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?
Ross : C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.
Ross : In the bank. Mr.
Ross : Here you go, you can pay me back whenever you like.
Ross : Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?
Ross : [Rachel enters] Oh.
Ross : Hi. Mrs.
Ross : You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
Ross : You look pretty tonight.
Ross : Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Ross : Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . . [doorbell rings]
Ross : ...this summer?
Ross : Doubtful. Mrs.
Ross : Dad, she won't want to go with me. Mr.
Ross : I don't know. Mr.
Ross : OK. Hold my board. Mr.
Ross : OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
Ross : OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright. Mr.
Ross : Uh, just a sec dad. [to himself] OK, be cool, just be cool. [walks down the stairs and grabs the flowers out of the vase on the endtable] OK dad. Mr.
Ross : Yeah, well. [Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross.]
Ross : This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.
Ross : Hey you. [they stand together in front of the TV.] Chandler and
Ross : Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.
Ross : [beeper goes off] Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got to get to the museum. So um, I'll see you tonight.
Ross : Bye guys.
Ross : I told you there was going to be sub-titles.
Ross : It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
Ross : Oh.
Ross : Mon.
Ross : Mon. [Since they're alone they start kissing and Ross's hands work their way down until they're on Rachel's butt. Rachel starts laughing.]
Ross : What, what.
Ross : And that's, that's funny why?
Ross : I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.
Ross : OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
Ross : No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.
Ross : Nuh, uh, the moment's gone.
Ross : That's romantic.
Ross : No.
Ross : No.
Ross : No.
Ross : That was 14 hours ago.
Ross : Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?
Ross : Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
Ross : Hey.
Ross : No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?
Ross : Humm, that sounds, I don't, perfect. [there's a loud bang at the door so Ross opens it back up to find a shoe has been thrown at it]
Ross : Hey. Chandler, Joey, and
Ross : Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight. Chandler, Joey, and
Ross : Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.
Ross : Well, why're you all dressed up?
Ross : What? You have a date? Who with?
Ross : C'mon, what's his name?
Ross : Come on, tell me.
Ross : Oh, I promise, what.
Ross : Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
Ross : Doctor Burke is sexy? Rachel and
Ross : [his beeper goes off] It's the museum again, can I, oh.
Ross : [on the phone] Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Ross : Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Ross : KARL! [Ross leaves to find Karl. Rachel takes a peek under the loincloth of one of the display models.]
Ross : Rach.
Ross : I'm done.
Ross : Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
Ross : No, no, we won't.
Ross : [grabs a fur pelt] C'mon.
Ross : Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?
Ross : [spreads the pelt on the floor] OK, now, sit. OK. [he starts the music system]
Ross : Sorry.
Ross : Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.
Ross : I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
Ross : You're not laughing.
Ross : What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : I know it is pretty unbelievaaaaah.
Ross : We're not alone. [A church youth group is outside the display watching them] CLOSING CREDITS
Ross : What? What's on your shoulder?
Ross : A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that? [to Rachel] Hi.
Ross : No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
Ross : I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
Ross : Alright, shall we?
Ross : Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it. [opens door] We're here. Mrs.
Ross : Hi ma.
Ross : Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.
Ross : Dad, you really don't want to do that. Mr.
Ross : Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence. Mr.
Ross : Mon, Mon, are you OK?
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Eww.
Ross : Ohh. Mrs.
Ross : Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal? Mrs.
Ross : I'll take that dad. [grabs the bat] Mrs.
Ross : You got a tattoo?
Ross : Lemme see. [looks]
Ross : Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.
Ross : Yeah, so uh, is it sore or can you do stuff?
Ross : Hey, save us some pizza. [they go off to Rachel's room]
Ross : Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck. [Everyone except Joey and Chandler leave.]
Ross : Get out.
Ross : [looking at a glass table with a panther shaped base] Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.
Ross : Well uh, it's cause he had a thing with, wi-, with the thing.
Ross : Wha-, you have a phone in here?
Ross : Get the what?
Ross : I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7. [swats at an imaginary insect by his head, guy leaves promptly]
Ross : Calm down, I'm blow drying. [Rachel enters with laundry and starts folding]
Ross : [comes out] All yours.
Ross : [in a childish voice] I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.
Ross : [childish voice] Shut up.
Ross : [childish voice] Mi-mi-mii. [Monica goes in the bathroom]
Ross : I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.
Ross : Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.
Ross : No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.
Ross : No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah. [Monica comes out of her room] Oh, were you takin' a nap?
Ross : Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line. [gets the other line] Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks. [hangs up the other line] Call Joanna. [back on with Tony] Hi.
Ross : Did you see me write one down?
Ross : Well, she'll call back, don't be such a baby.
Ross : Look, you wanna get off my back?
Ross : Wait hold on Tony, hold on. [answers second line] Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on. [gets first line] Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.
Ross : OK.
Ross : Uh, Eddie something. He just met him.
Ross : I know.
Ross : Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.
Ross : Wha-, oh, quit it.
Ross : Well, Monica keeps changin' the channel.
Ross : Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.
Ross : Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
Ross : Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
Ross : Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.
Ross : You hated me when we were kids?
Ross : Why did you hate me?
Ross : And that wasn't fun for you?
Ross : I can't believe you hated me.
Ross : Really?
Ross : I can do that.
Ross : So you wanna watch uh, Entertainment Tonight?
Ross : What?
Ross : Ohh... OK. [changes the channel]
Ross : What woman?
Ross : I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?
Ross : Well, we should probably get going.
Ross : My baby sister, ladies and gentlemen.
Ross : G'night.
Ross : Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?
Ross : C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.
Ross : Better not be doin' these in order.
Ross : Oh yes, the weenie from Torrini.
Ross : Really?
Ross : Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Ross : Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?
Ross : Knock-knock.
Ross : Until now. [jumps on Rachel on the bed] [later in the bathroom Monica is looking in the drawer, Rachel runs up]
Ross : [comes out of the bedroom] Rachel. [growls then sees Richard standing there] Hey.
Ross : Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?
Ross : Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so neat?
Ross : Oh. And what do you call that?
Ross : So were you in Nam?
Ross : No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
Ross : What, what oh....[Ross and Rachel go into her room]
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : No. [sound of Dr. Remore's body hitting the bottom of the shaft] Now maybe.
Ross : C'mon.
Ross : Open up. We want to talk to you.
Ross : How could you not tell us?
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Oh man.
Ross : Hey you guys.
Ross : Uh, sweetie we've gotta go.
Ross : No?
Ross : Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
Ross : Excuse me, your, your, your wind?
Ross : You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.
Ross : I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.
Ross : What, what's that?
Ross : Open it, open in.
Ross : Woah.
Ross : Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.
Ross : What, woah, woah, $3500 at porcelain safari?
Ross : Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
Ross : That audition.
Ross : Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.
Ross : So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.
Ross : Toilet paper?
Ross : Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being realistic.
Ross : I am your friend.
Ross : But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Ross : Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
Ross : Huh, I'm just saying...
Ross : Ya know, maybe, maybe I should just go.
Ross : Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.
Ross : [enters] Oh my God, what's goin' on?
Ross : No look I wasn't right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
Ross : Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.
Ross : Great, how did it go?
Ross : Good for you.
Ross : You're livin' the dream.
Ross : All right then.
Ross : What?
Ross : [approaching the mover holding the parrot] Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the bird?
Ross : Dollars? You spent $1200 dollars on a plastic bird?
Ross : Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?
Ross : Huh.
Ross : I'll take it. My gift to you man.
Ross : I have to say "Tupelo Honey" by Van Morrison.
Ross : Hi, Mon. [Monica nods and keeps walking, looking awful.]
Ross : Nope.
Ross : Yeah. She finally stopped crying yesterday. But then, she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace and...
Ross : Getting it away from me would be job one.
Ross : You need to get some sleep.
Ross : Well, I'm thinking Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy. So, I say we all just be adults about it and accept her.
Ross : No, I had to return it to the costume place. I think I have an old band uniform from high school.
Ross : No.
Ross : Nope.
Ross : Okay. Uh, you ever see, um, "Return Of The Jedi?"
Ross : You remember the scene with Jabba the Hutt? Well, Jabba had as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia. [Rachel smiles, starting to understand where this is going] Princess Leia was wearing this gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Look who I found standing outside the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
Ross : [to Rachel] Hi. Guess what? They published my paper.
Ross : How could you have told her?
Ross : [to the air] Oh, she didn't think it would be that big a deal.
Ross : Look, that was supposed to be like, a private, personal thing between us.
Ross : That's different. Okay. That's like "Who dated a stripper?" or "Who did it on the back of the Stanton Island Ferry?"
Ross : Yeah. [pause] You don't talk about your girlfriend and the intimate stuff you do with her.
Ross : No.
Ross : So what, you tell each other everything?
Ross : Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?
Ross : I know, but it's still worth mentioning, right?
Ross : [to Chandler] Women tell each other everything. Did you know that?
Ross : No. Chandler, everything. Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth.
Ross : Rachel says sharing's great. Supposedly, we oughta be doing it. So, you wanna?
Ross : No.
Ross : Okay, I'll go first. So, the other night, Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies. And I happen to describe a particular Star Wars thing.
Ross : Yes! Yes! [high fives] Wow! That was easy. Okay, you go.
Ross : With the belly button ring.
Ross : Your mom? Your telling me about your mom? What's the matter with you? I said share, not scare. Go sit over there. [points to table on other side of room where Chandler scampers to and puts his head down]
Ross : No. It's not you, it's... [suddenly, instead of Rachel standing there, Ross sees his mother dressed in the outfit] Rachel (in mother's
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Why aren't you guys dressed?
Ross : No. Four minutes ago, you had a half-hour. We have to be out the door at twenty to eight.
Ross : Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now. Chandler &
Ross : Really?
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Cause I'm a stupid, stupid man.
Ross : No. [turning back to Rachel] So, let's see. You're pretty close. Make-up's on, hair is done.
Ross : Yea. And that takes, what, just six or seven minutes?
Ross : [nervously] Nope. You wanna hear it?
Ross : Uh-huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the wonder that is Joey. [Phoebe walks in a very pretty yellow full-length dress.]
Ross : Hey.
Ross : You look great.
Ross : You see this? This is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe, you are my star.
Ross : You guys, you know what? It doesn't matter. Because you both have to get dressed before the big vein in my head pops. So...
Ross : That's funny. Change.
Ross : Look, I don't care. It starts at eight. We can't be late.
Ross : Look, our table is down in front. Okay, my boss is going to be there. Everyone will see if we arrive after it starts.
Ross : It's old. It's definitely old. Didn't you hear the double beep?
Ross : Yeah, see Mon, listen. Listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing, and you know what I did. I got dressed. Really really quickly. Okay, there we go. There we go. [sends Monica toward her bedroom and Rachel toward hers]
Ross : No, no! Don't rub it! [shouting and clapping] What gets out hummus? What gets out hummus?
Ross : Okay, look. We have nineteen minutes. Okay. Chandler, I want you to go and change. Okay. And then when you come back, Joey will go change. And he'll have vacated the chair. Okay? Okay.
Ross : No. No. No. Not out of that. Not out of clothes!
Ross : Okay, Mon, I really don't think this is the... [seeing that she is picking up the phone] Okay, you're dialing. You are dialing. [Chandler comes in, dressed in his suit, and sees the empty chair. At the same time, Joey sees that he sees it is empty. They both run for the chair, but Joey lands in it first.] Richard (on
Ross : [looking out the window] Oh, great. It's starting to rain. That'll make it easier to get a cab.
Ross : You don't know what you're wearing?
Ross : Which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes...come on, I'll just pick something out for you. [Ross and Rachel go to Rachel's bedroom]
Ross : [coming out of Rachel's bedroom with Rachel] I'm sorry, I thought it looked pretty.
Ross : Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.
Ross : Not for tonight? What are you doing?
Ross : What?
Ross : What you do on your own time...
Ross : Whoa, whoa. Come on, you took his underwear?
Ross : Okay, hold on. Joey, why can't you wear the underwear you're wearing now?
Ross : Okay, uhm, then why do you have to wear underwear tonight?
Ross : Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve min.. [noticing that his watch has stopped] My watch stopped. Okay, see, the dinosaur tail isn't going around anymore. What time is it? It's
Ross : [getting very anxious and upset] Just pick one. Okay.
Ross : [now very anxious and extremely upset] Yeah, pants, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet. Okay? No. No. I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay? No. No. Just do it. Go in there. Pick something out so we can go.
Ross : Thank you.
Ross : It was. It was her voice.
Ross : No. No. Tick, tick, tick.
Ross : Um, I know it says "black tie optional", but this may be pushing it a little. Um.
Ross : You're not gonna go.
Ross : How? How? How can you not be going?
Ross : Um, you know, just out of curiosity...
Ross : Right. Okay. God, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
Ross : No, you're mad.
Ross : You're not going? Okay. You know, that I have to go. So, is it going to be like I'm abandoning you while you're upset?
Ross : No. Because you're not upset.
Ross : About the yelling?
Ross : Of course, the humiliating. So, we... we're okay.
Ross : Okay. Honey, I love you.
Ross : Okay. Okay. Enough. Enough with the lunging. No. I'm sick of this. I've had it up to here with you. Neither of you can come to the party.
Ross : You know what, I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. [goes over to Rachel] Look, Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I was a jerk. Okay. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there. I need you there. What can I do to show you how much I want you to be there?
Ross : Alright, welcome to an adult conversation...
Ross : What?
Ross : Okay. Okay. If that's what it takes to show you how much you mean to me and how much I want you there, then that's what I'll do.
Ross : I think this'll be fine. Vanilla milkshake. Just a vanilla milkshake...with chicken bits floating in it. [raises cup] Cheers. [puts cup to lip]
Ross : You will.
Ross : Well, yeah.
Ross : [to Joey] How 'bout instead you go get changed. [to Chandler] You give him back his underwear. I'm gonna go get a cab. I want everyone downstairs in two minutes. Monica! [Joey turns to leave and walks out lunging with Chandler in tow.]
Ross : Okay, I've got two cabs and no people. Go! Go! Go!
Ross : Rachel! [Rachel walks out looking beautiful in a green dress] Wow. You look...wow.
Ross : So we're a little late.
Ross : Oooh. CLOSING CREDITS
Ross : [they shake hands] What a pleasure. Mr.
Ross : So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out..... Rachel
Ross : Hey. When you guys were kids and you played Happy Days, who were you? I was always Richie.
Ross : We?
Ross : Oh shoot, tomorrow's not so good, I'm supposed to um, fall off the Empire State building and land on a bicycle with no seat. Sorry.
Ross : Please, he refers to me as 'wethead'.
Ross : Fine.
Ross : Hi Gunther.
Ross : What?
Ross : Come on ! That's great.
Ross : Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
Ross : Nice to see you again Dr. Green. Dr.
Ross : Ugh, museum. Dr.
Ross : There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one. Dr.
Ross : Yeah, if you're really hungry. (Dr. Green stares at him) It was a joke, I made a joke.
Ross : It's not a library... Dr.
Ross : So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat. Dr.
Ross : It gives it a nice antiquey look. Dr.
Ross : Wow. I'm sorry, when I was a kid I lost a bike to that. (Rachel giggles at that) Dr.
Ross : Okay! (picks up a knife and pretends to stab his heart.)
Ross : Yeah. (sees the bill) Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
Ross : That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
Ross : So?
Ross : You really serve people sneezers?
Ross : Thanks again, Dr. Green. Dr.
Ross : Oh, ah, you don't need that. Dr.
Ross : The carbon, it's messy, I mean it gets on your fingers and causes, the, the ah, night blindness. Dr.
Ross : Oh, yeah, that would be me, um, I have, I have a problem I-I tip way too much, way, way, too much, it's a sickness really.
Ross : I know. Dr.
Ross : Nothing I do means anything, really. Dr.
Ross : Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'. [Classroom, Joey is lecturing on facial expressions.]
Ross : Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.
Ross : Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall. (they go into Monica and Rachel's, and see Phoebe hopping around.)
Ross : Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?
Ross : Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
Ross : Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
Ross : Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
Ross : Okay, okay, okay. (hugs her) I'll get the bagels. [Monica's bedroom, Phoebe is trying to hide the bed from Monica.]
Ross : Dr. Green. How are you? (offers his hand, and Dr. Green puts his scarf on it.) Dr.
Ross : Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson. Dr.
Ross : (to Rachel) Okay, that's it, I can't take it anymore.
Ross : Oh, please. Sweetie it's hopeless, okay, I'm just gonna go. (starts to leave rubbing his neck)
Ross : Look, look I'm sorry. It's just that.... Dr.
Ross : Thank you! That's what I keep saying.
Ross : Uh. Dr.
Ross : And his first name. Dr.
Ross : Oh-ho please. Ask her how? Dr.
Ross : Argue with that.
Ross : I know that! Dr.
Ross : What can I do, she doesn't listen to me about renter's insurance either. Dr.
Ross : Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice? Dr.
Ross : Okay. (to Rachel) Wow! This is going so well. Did you see us? Did you see?
Ross : Excellent!
Ross : I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.
Ross : Is this about Mark?
Ross : Okay, it's not, it's not.
Ross : Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break, (goes to the door) let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something.. (opens the door)
Ross : (on the phone) I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Ross : Who's that?
Ross : Is that Mark?
Ross : Yeah! Got it! (slams down the phone) [The Philly.]
Ross : Yeah!!
Ross : Na-huh.
Ross : I love you.
Ross : Okay. (Ross starts frantically looking for a clock.)
Ross : Chloe, Chloe how's it coming?!!
Ross : Umm, oh, hey, I don't know. How about a big one?
Ross : Well then a small one!! Listen, let's, we kinda have to get going!
Ross : You, you sure you need shoes? (Chloe nods her head) Okay. (reaches down and picks up a shoe)
Ross : Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? (He's frantically throwing the cushions off of the couch looking for her other shoe) Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Yes, yes I am, one of the many things I'm feeling. Well.... (picks up her coat)
Ross : Oh, thank you. (She goes to kiss him, but he holds her coat up between their faces to stop her.) Hey, hey. (opens the door, sees Rachel, and hides Chloe behind the door) Rachel!!!!
Ross : Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
Ross : Yes, you can, very much. (Chloe gives Ross the thumbs up while still standing behind the door.)
Ross : (seeing the thumbs up) Ahhhh!! (Hugs Rachel tighter.) [Monica and Rachel's, Phoebe is entering carry a large box, Monica is mopping the ceiling.]
Ross : You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
Ross : What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
Ross : Yeah, but don't you think....
Ross : Yeah, okay. (he plops down into one of the leather chairs, with the footrest extended.)
Ross : What trail?
Ross : Oh, I-I don't think there's any trail.
Ross : (entering) Chloe? Hi..
Ross : You took my watch?
Ross : Just you keep it, listen did you, did you tell anyone about us?
Ross : Exactly. So you didn't, didn't mention anything to Issac right?
Ross : You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven't actually met...
Ross : Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
Ross : Yeah, that's the one. Listen, I don't want to hurt her.
Ross : Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Ross : Actually, no, we're not.
Ross : No, we're not.
Ross : No, we're not!!
Ross : Right.
Ross : Fine. I just need to know that you're not gonna tell your sister.
Ross : (entering out of breath) Jasmine?
Ross : We met at Phoebe's birthday party, I'm, I'm Ross Geller.
Ross : Yes, I did.
Ross : Very bad.
Ross : I'm agreeing with you. Did you, listen, did you happen to tell Phoebe yet?
Ross : Okay, Jasmine, please, please don't. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?
Ross : Thank you, thank you.
Ross : (angrily) Who's your roommate? [Central Perk, Gunther is wiping down the counter as Ross rushes in.]
Ross : Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
Ross : (forcing the door open) Come on, Rachel, come on! Talk to me! Please!! [Cut to Monica's bedroom, Chandler slowly closes the door, and we hear Rachel from the living room.]
Ross : Rachel? [Cut to Living Room]
Ross : No, it was a mistake! I made a mistake! Okay?
Ross : No!!
Ross : No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
Ross : What?
Ross : She was... [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : She, she was different. [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : Nobody likes change. (Rachel picks up a newspaper and starts beating him with it.)
Ross : What? Okay, okay, okay, okay. [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
Ross : Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
Ross : Look, I didn't think there was a relationship to jeopardise. I thought we were broken up.
Ross : That, for all I knew would, could last forever. That to me is a break-up.
Ross : Look, I'm not trying to get out of anything, okay. I thought our relationship was dead!
Ross : Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
Ross : Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to. [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
Ross : (pause) Yes I would.
Ross : (less sure) Yes.
Ross : (covering his ears and screaming) La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Okay, okay, yeah, I would have been devastated but, I would still want to be with you. Because it's, I mean it's you. [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : What? Come on Rach, tell me what you're thinking?
Ross : Order a pizza like, 'I forgive you?' (She turns around and glares at him, he turns away.) [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : Hey, can I, can I get in on that? Because I'm kinda hungry myself.
Ross : No anchovies.
Ross : That's okay, I'll just pick 'em off.
Ross : You can have the last piece, if you want.
Ross : What, now you're not even taking to me? (moves over to the coffee table) Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey! [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : Y'know what, y'know what, I'm-I'm not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You're the one that bailed on us. You're the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
Ross : That's what?!
Ross : Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail? (sits down next to her) Look, I, (on the verge of tears) I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't. (We see Monica and Phoebe are almost in tears.) I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much. (He kisses her on her shoulder, then her neck, then the side of her face, then just before he kisses her on the lips....)
Ross : Okay, okay, okay.
Ross : What?
Ross : (moving over to stand in front of her) Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together...
Ross : Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay, (takes a hold of one of her arms.) I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you. (Both of them are starting to cry.) Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach, (drops to his knees and hugs her around her waist) and, and....
Ross : (crying) Yeah, but this can't be it, I mean. (Pause)
Ross : (surprised) Hi! Rachel and
Ross : Awww.
Ross : Yeah. (closes the door, and goes over and kisses Rachel.)
Ross : I know. (They both kiss again and fall onto the bed.)
Ross : (stopping suddenly and getting up) Okay, I gotta go.
Ross : Well, I-I gotta go break up with Bonnie.
Ross : Well, yeah. I can?t-I can?t stay here all night, and if I go in there she?s-she?s gonna wanna... do stuff.
Ross : No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn?t work either, I can?t tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
Ross : Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?
Ross : Yeah, yeah. (opens the door) It wasn?t every morning.
Ross : Okay. OPENING CREDITS
Ross : It?s over.
Ross : Well, it was loong. I didn?t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o?clock shadow on her head. (They both start to laugh, then stop themselves quickly.) Anyway, she didn?t want to stay. I called a cab; she just left. (They kiss.)
Ross : Ohh! Thank you! I like mail. (He goes to kiss her again, but she turns away.)
Ross : Okay. (He leans in to kiss her again, but she leans back preventing him from making contact.) Wow, it?s-it?s
Ross : Okay, I?ll be up in, (looks at the letter) 18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.
Ross : Oh. (looks at his watch) Oh-oh. (takes a drink of coffee and resumes reading the letter)
Ross : Done!
Ross : Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!
Ross : I?m sorry.
Ross : Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole ?Does it?? part just another glance.
Ross : (interrupting) No, Rach, no. I don?t, I don?t, I don?t have to think about it, in fact, I?ve decided, I?ve decided that, that it.......does. (Rachel stands there for a moment, starting to cry. Then gasps and runs over and hugs him. While hugging her, Ross tries to find the ?Does it?? part in the letter.)
Ross : Oh, sure! I?m sure.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : What happened?
Ross : It does. It really and truly does. (Rachel kisses him, and goes upstairs. After she?s gone, Ross frantically tries to find and read the ?Does it?? part.)
Ross : (finding the part) (looks up in disgust) It so does not!!! COMMERCIAL BREAK
Ross : She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! (Both Joey and Chandler shrug their shoulders as to say ?Well...?) (yelling) WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
Ross : Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here, (reading from the letter) ?If you accept full responsibility...? (to Chandler and Joey) Full responsibility! ?...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do. (yells at Joey) Does it?!!?
Ross : (calming down) Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you?re right. Yeah I guess I?ll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
Ross : What the hell happened on that beach?!
Ross : (coming back in with Rachel) Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing? Chandler, Monica, and
Ross : What happened? Joey?
Ross : Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... (stops suddenly and turns to look at Monica) Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?! Phoebe and
Ross : I missed you too.
Ross : (getting miffed) I suppose.
Ross : (getting angry) Umm-hmm.
Ross : (yelling from the bedroom) WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!!
Ross : And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!
Ross : I didn?t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn?t finish the whole letter!
Ross : I fell asleep!
Ross : It was
Ross : (starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)
Ross : Oh, no-no-no don?t you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
Ross : Who?s Chip?
Ross : The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
Ross : Monica, you?re so lucky! He?s like the most popular guy in school!!
Ross : (to Rachel) I was just leaving.
Ross : Why? Did you write it?
Ross : Well ah, actually...
Ross : Well, umm, why don?t you give him a call?
Ross : Oh, I?m sure.
Ross : (whispering in her ear) Oh, that?s right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that?s gotta be embarrassing!
Ross : (reading the newspaper) Hey, here?s a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
Ross : I?m reading your ad.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Good, so do I
Ross : Are you sure she?s in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma?s glycoma medicine again?
Ross : So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
Ross : So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
Ross : So, guys, am I crazy, or does Phoebe?s mom remind anyone of a cat?
Ross : Come on, you-you can?t tell me you actually believe that-that there?s a woman inside that cat!
Ross : No you don?t.
Ross : No you do--y'know what, you?re not gonna suck me into this.
Ross : I do not always have to be--okay, okay. (starts to leave)
Ross : (taking the flyer) Apparently Phoebe?s mother also goes by the name Julio.
Ross : Yes, we have to tell her!
Ross : (holds up a hand) Little girl misses her cat. (hold up the other hand) Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat. (gets up) Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
Ross : Thank you.
Ross : (entering) Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
Ross : (seeing Phoebe still with cat) You didn?t tell her?! (They all kinda shy away.) Okay, fine! Pheebs?
Ross : Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
Ross : No! No! Look--Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
Ross : None.
Ross : I?m sorry.
Ross : I don?t know what to say.
Ross : (goes over to Julio) Come here, here, come here, come here, (pause) Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend?s mother.
Ross : Oh! Y'know, I?ve got an extra futon.
Ross : Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don?t think Mom would?ve hired you if she didn?t think you were good at what you do.
Ross : ?I?m telling you it?s totally unconstituional. Monica, Chandler, Phoebe, and
Ross : Hey!
Ross : The volcano?
Ross : With such a sad history.
Ross : So why don?t you quit?
Ross : Who is Maria?
Ross : You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
Ross : So you?re strong enough to face her on your own?
Ross : They make you take an oath?
Ross : Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
Ross : Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.
Ross : One more time, "Hey, don?t you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
Ross : Good! That?s good!
Ross : Me? No. Gym
Ross : It?s okay man, be strong. (Chandler goes into the office.) Gym
Ross : No! And I?m not gonna be, so you can save you little speech. Gym
Ross : And that?s funny, why?
Ross : Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.
Ross : And that?s not against your oath?!
Ross : Hello.
Ross : We?d like to close our accounts. Bank
Ross : No-no.
Ross : No! And somehow, we ended up with a joint checking account.
Ross : (picking up the slip of paper) Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number. (Rachel ignores him) Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me. (He holds it so that Rachel can see it, she continues to ignore him) It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but...(Rachel still ignores him) Whoa! (Throws it in her lap) Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it. (He waves it in front of Rachel's face. Then suddenly Phoebe has to sneeze and Rachel quickly grabs the slip of paper and gives it to Phoebe for her to sneeze into.)
Ross : Oh, mine's December...
Ross : Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
Ross : (loudly) Good luck!
Ross : Come on, Pheebs lay off him.
Ross : Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love.
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : (loudly) So I'm going over to Amanda's tonight!
Ross : Oh.
Ross : Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Ross : Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Ross : Oh! (He bangs his fists together.)
Ross : Monica knows.
Ross : Well, I'm gonna go get ready, (Gives Monica the fist thing.) for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Wow! You-you look great!
Ross : (she lets him in) Okay! (to her son) Hey Tommy.
Ross : Oh no-no-no, it's my pleasure.
Ross : What?
Ross : I-I-I...
Ross : Who wants to make some long distance calls?
Ross : Her date tipped me ten dollars. (Monica laughs) (Phoebe runs into the kitchen with wet hair, opens the window, and sticks her head outside.)
Ross : Pheebs, what are you doing?
Ross : Are you serious?
Ross : (entering) Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive. (to Monica) So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
Ross : At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
Ross : You see Amanda and I have a very special...
Ross : Fine.
Ross : Here. (Hands her, her cough drops) (to Rachel) At least I made ten bucks in my relationship.
Ross : You're welcome for a delicious dinner. [inside]
Ross : I know!
Ross : Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.
Ross : I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
Ross : Fine by me; hope she wins. OPENING CREDITS
Ross : How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
Ross : So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?
Ross : (moved by the kiss) Huh...
Ross : Did homo-erectus hunt with wooden tools?
Ross : Mitzi is.....
Ross : (mouths "where?") Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh (steps on some garbage and falters) ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?
Ross : Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...
Ross : Oh, yeah, why not?
Ross : You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day?
Ross : Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time, and garbage is all that has survived! (Ross takes the loosely tied tie off and hands it to Joey who puts it on.) Here.
Ross : What do you mean? Nothing happened! I had to get out of there.
Ross : No, I tried that. She says it has a weird smell.
Ross : I don't know. Soap?
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah, okay you're right.
Ross : I mean, uh, who... who cares about a little sloppiness?
Ross : It's, uh... it's endearing, really.
Ross : (mustering up courage) Yes. Yes I do. (They go inside.)
Ross : Department of Sanitation?
Ross : Oh! (She kisses him) Ah. (They kiss more, and move down onto the couch. Ross's hand moves under some garbage) Aw! (His hand is covered with something brown and gooey.)
Ross : (trying to make his disgust into lust) Ah, Cheryl!
Ross : Oh my god! I'm so sorry, Cheryl. I must have freaked out.
Ross : Y'know if we ever go to war and you?re captured, you?re in for a big surprise.
Ross : Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease? (plays air guitar) BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.
Ross : Well umm, y?know, I used to play.
Ross : Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that?s-that?s when I really found my sound. (Monica is taking a drink as Ross says that, laughs, and snorts her drink.)
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven?t played in so long, and-and, well it?s-it?s really personal stuff, y?know?
Ross : No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in?No, yeah, okay. (Runs out.) [Cut to later that same day, Ross has retrieved his keyboard and is about to debut, "The Sound."]
Ross : Okay, guys.
Ross : Here we go. (Plays one note) Y?know, I?ve-I?ve never played my stuff for anyone before, so it?s important that-that you understand it?s about communicating very private emotions. (Plays another note) Y?know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That?s what I?m?
Ross : Really?! I mean, really?!!
Ross : Wow! Thanks, you guys. That?s uh?ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I?ll be right back! Okay? (Runs to fetch them) This is so nice, I?m?I am so? (starts to break up and leaves)
Ross : (His voice is altered to sound like a computer.) Electrifying. (He plays the sound of a ticking clock.) Emphatic time-time-time?
Ross : (with the altered voice) Thank you guys-guys-guys?
Ross : (to Phoebe) Hey!
Ross : Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don?t want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?
Ross : Pheebs?
Ross : See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y?know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I? I won?t play anymore.
Ross : Yeah, okay.
Ross : Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.
Ross : What?
Ross : No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would?ve just stepped aside.
Ross : Well, I said-I said something to Phoebe.
Ross : Hey, would it be okay if I wrote a song about this.
Ross : Thank you, thanks. (Sits down next to the girls) Yeah, I lost it. Y?know, I?m not gonna play anymore, (to Phoebe) would you, can you finish my set?
Ross : Yeah, like I could lose it.
Ross : I played bad on purpose guys. (Both Monica and Rachel laugh.)
Ross : Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
Ross : Who gets whom. (They all look at him.) I don?t know why I do that. [Cut to later, the gang, minus Joey, is watching the Thanksgiving Day parade.]
Ross : Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
Ross : So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I?m already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
Ross : Really?! Wow! That?s-that?s so nice, what are you gonna get me?
Ross : Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
Ross : Oh, that?s not true! I?ve got her lots of stuff she never took back.
Ross : Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.
Ross : Well, she wore it all Christmas day, and then uh?
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : What are you doing?
Ross : Everything? Even the TV?
Ross : Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don?t you think you could at least hear the guy out?
Ross : That?s a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?
Ross : You?ve sentenced him?!
Ross : Joey, the guy?s your best friend.
Ross : Oh, who? Me?
Ross : Wow! I?m honored! And y?know what I?m gonna do as my first act as your best friend?
Ross : I?m gonna get you to talk to Chandler.
Ross : He?s coming here for Thanksgiving!
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard?s son, you?d be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
Ross : (to Rachel) Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
Ross : I just wanna check something.
Ross : (He puts his hand over the hole on the box.) (to Chandler) Now, we?ll see.
Ross : (grabbing the necklace) The necklace I got you was gold, this one is silver.
Ross : Oh my God! You actually exchanged it!
Ross : What did you get?
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Like ?em, like ?em? Or, I?d like to get store credit for that amount like ?em?
Ross : Sure! Oh, and Joey?s got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.
Ross : There?s nothing the matter with me. See, I?m not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings.
Ross : I don?t know what to say, I?m sorry. Though, you?re not supposed to take these. (Points to the bone) It?s like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that. (Rachel glares at him.) [Cut to the balcony with Monica and Tim.]
Ross : He?s taking her purse!
Ross : What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this bitchin' van!
Ross : I don?t know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there?s this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
Ross : Nooo!! Gandolf?! Gandolf is coming to town?
Ross : Dude, we are sooo gonna party!
Ross : Mike "Gandolf" Ganderson, only like the funest guy in the world.
Ross : I?m gonna call after you!
Ross : Woooo!!!
Ross : Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!
Ross : Gandolf the wizard. (Joey is still confused) Hello! Didn?t you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
Ross : (entering) Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!
Ross : Whoa-whoa-whoa!
Ross : Somewhere maybe along the equator?
Ross : What happened?
Ross : Ohh, man! Chicago, is sooo lucky!
Ross : It?s Gandolf, and he?s not coming.
Ross : No! I balanced my checkbook.
Ross : I can?t believe he didn?t come!
Ross : Yeah! We?d meet, we?d meet total strangers, and hang out with them!
Ross : There?s other stuff too.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Yeah!!
Ross : It?s not like we don?t know how to party!!
Ross : Yeah!!!
Ross : (to Chandler) Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : I?m kinda beat.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah, me too.
Ross : I?m just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y?know? I used them as mittens, I didn?t want to touch a thing in that last place. (pause)
Ross : How sad are we?
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!
Ross : Hey! Chandler, Joey, and
Ross : I?m sorry I?m late, did I miss anything?
Ross : 15? (Joey nods again) Your personal best! (Ross takes an Oreo and Joey mumbles, no!)
Ross : Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate. (simultaneously)
Ross : Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she?d have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
Ross : No, I?m getting back down ?cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she?s like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
Ross : Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.
Ross : You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?
Ross : Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can?t decide between the two of them. Y?know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she?s a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y?know she?s, well she?s-she?s just as pretty, I guess she?s smart, she?s not fun.
Ross : Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y?know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was?if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn?t kidding, she?s not fun, she?s stupid, and kind of a racist.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : I wasn?t sleeping.
Ross : The one with the cat. I gotta go, I?ve got another date.
Ross : No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought?it wasn?t that funny. So I?m still torn.
Ross : Y?know, you?re right. Thank you.
Ross : (waking up) What? (notices that there is now a beautiful woman sitting next to him) Woman On
Ross : What? Woman On
Ross : (now fully awake) Are we really in Montreal?! Woman On
Ross : Coffee sounds great. (They get up) Wait, so, so you live in Montreal? Woman On
Ross : What?
Ross : Uh actually Joey, it?s the Cretasous period.
Ross : My God!
Ross : Pheebs, you?re talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it?s all for somebody else!
Ross : Well, the stuff I just mentioned.
Ross : That is really nice?lying! No way is that the reason!
Ross : And you?re afraid you won?t be able to?fill his shoes.
Ross : Yeah, I was going for the metaphor.
Ross : Just go for it Chandler.
Ross : That?s okay, I?m cool over here. I?ll catch up with you later, Joey. (Joey is shocked.) (Another woman enters without a coat or blazer and tries to sit at the ?blue? table.) Tour
Ross : (entering) Hey, uh, I?m really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.
Ross : But hey, it?s not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.
Ross : It?s like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
Ross : Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I?m having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I?m having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he?ll sit with me.
Ross : Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y?know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. (He takes off his coat and throws it down.) I?m Ross! I?m divorced, and I have a kid!
Ross : All right, there you go!
Ross : Okay, good-good for you. Tour
Ross : Wow, Rhonda. Another
Ross : Yeah, okay, Scott! Another
Ross : Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Ross : Now, how will they know if you?re ready?
Ross : (He does so, and finds a half-eaten box of cookies.) You?re good. (Tries a cookie.) These are not.
Ross : Five.
Ross : Challenge extended.
Ross : Challenge excepted.
Ross : We?ll be starting with apples.
Ross : Yes. Yes. Yes. (They?re perfect so far.)
Ross : They have another guess.
Ross : How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
Ross : Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It?s not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Ross : No-no-no, I-I wanna play.
Ross : The test is ready.
Ross : Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It?s All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first. (He flips the coin and they all watch it hit the table and stop. Then they all look up at him, to see who goes first.) Okay, somebody call it this time.
Ross : It?s heads. (The guys celebrate.) Gentlemen, pick your category.
Ross : What is Monica?s biggest pet peeve?
Ross : That?s correct. Ladies?
Ross : According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?
Ross : That is correct.
Ross : Gentlemen, you?re pick.
Ross : Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!
Ross : Althea is correct.
Ross : Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey?s apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Ross : I?m afraid the TV Guide comes to Chinandolor Bong.
Ross : All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
Ross : You don?t have to shout everything.
Ross : Ooh. What is the name of Chandler?s father?s Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
Ross : All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event. (He opens up an envelope and holds up some note cards.) The Lightning Round!
Ross : Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.
Ross : 150 dollars.
Ross : 200 dollars.
Ross : Excuse me.
Ross : All right, gentlemen, you?re up first.
Ross : You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins?stop it (Chandler stops jumping)?now. What was Monica?s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Ross : Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie?
Ross : Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...
Ross : Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
Ross : Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there? (They both confer.)
Ross : Two seconds?
Ross : 11, unbelievable 11 is correct. (The guys celebrate.) All right, that?s 4 for the guys. Ladies, you?re up.
Ross : 30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins?now! What is Joey?s favorite food?
Ross : Correct. Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl?s breast?
Ross : No, 19.
Ross : Joey, had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
Ross : Correct, his profession was?
Ross : Correct! What is Chandler Bing?s job? (The girls are stumped)
Ross : 10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
Ross : Don?t blame the questions!
Ross : People can hear you.
Ross : Yeah. (Onstage there?s a knock on the door and Kathy opens it. We don?t see what?s going on, only hear it.) Kathy's
Ross : That is one good looking man!
Ross : Dude! Kathy's
Ross : Here?s your girlfriend?s button. (Holding the button.) Opening Credits
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin? guy.
Ross : Oh-oh, Alec Baldwin and Kim Basinger.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : They?re not a couple!
Ross : Oh yeah!
Ross : No.
Ross : Y?know what, I don?t know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
Ross : Oh no-no-no, I?m there.
Ross : Oh yeah!
Ross : Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
Ross : All right, let?s not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.
Ross : Here she comes. Don?t say a word, okay? Just be cool, don?t be?y'know you.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Oh, absolutely! (Chandler mumbles something.)
Ross : Okay, I? (Walks away.)
Ross : Uh, hello!
Ross : Oh, yumm!
Ross : Cookies and porn, you?re the best mom ever!! (Rachel laughs hysterically for no reason.)
Ross : Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?
Ross : Oh, whatever. (Laughs and gives Joey the thumbs up heading back to his apartment. Joey follows him)
Ross : So you were right?
Ross : Chandler!
Ross : He?s right, what she did was unforgivable.
Ross : How might you be wrong?
Ross : That?s all you?re basing this on?
Ross : So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?
Ross : Oh my God!
Ross : This is beautiful! (She has cleaned it, completely redecorated it, removed the carpet, and polished the floor.)
Ross : Look, Mon, do you want us to uh, come back later?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : What are you saying?
Ross : Well, if-if she thought they were on a break? (They all turn and glare at him.) Closing Credits
Ross : No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe. ? (At that moment two very large men start screaming and running towards Emily and picking her up.) ?
Ross : Help! Help!! Help! Help!! ?
Ross : Oh hey, that was a good one, huh? (Imitating himself) Help! Help! ?
Ross : Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something-or should I call it (In an English accent) football? ?
Ross : What's ah, what's so funny about that? ?
Ross : Well, we didn't have freedom here until 1776, either so... ?
Ross : Cheers! ? (Liam and Devon both take a swig of their beers, while Ross takes a swig of his coffee. The Brits both crush their cans, and not to be out done, Ross crushes his coffee cup, spilling its contents.) ? Le Central Perk. Chandler tente sa pre-rupture. ?
Ross : Oh, just hold on a second. I'm watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don't know what the big deal is. I'm man enough to play this sport. ?
Ross : (shocked) Hey! ?
Ross : Hey, I can handle it! All right? ?
Ross : That's 'cause-'cause you're mom's dog kept-kept looking at me. ?
Ross : And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle? ?
Ross : Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby. ?
Ross : Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am! ?
Ross : Look, don't worry about me. Okay? I'll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I'll uh, I'll be that guy right out of the circle. (He points to a player who starts running and then gets viscously tackled from behind.) ?
Ross : They don't look any bigger than me! ?
Ross : All right. ?
Ross : Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross. (Joey and Phoebe don't know what he's talking about.) Y'know, Red Ross! ?
Ross : Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!! ?
Ross : You'll see. ? [Coupure vers Emily, Devon et Liam] ?
Ross : JOEY!!!!!! ? Appartement de Monica et Rachel. Monica verifie un plan lorsque Rachel entre. ?
Ross : Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game! ?
Ross : (to Emily) Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water? ?
Ross : Thanks. (When she's gone he collapses into Joey.) I-I think I'm dying. I really do. ?
Ross : (to Phoebe) Tell my son that I love him. (Emily returns with the water.) Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun! ?
Ross : (whines "No.") That's not true! ?
Ross : What? No! No, I'm not stopping. I'm Red Ross! ?
Ross : I don't care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game! ?
Ross : No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything. ?
Ross : I like that. ?
Ross : Huh? ?
Ross : All right, bad ankle, got it! ?
Ross : Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay! ?
Ross : But-but, Liam's on my team. ?
Ross : I'm gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in! (Squeals like a madman.) ?
Ross : Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket. ?
Ross : No, not you. (Emily gets it.) ?
Ross : Oh, I kinda was, wasn't I? ?
Ross : I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks. ?
Ross : Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you. ?
Ross : No, no, I'm serious. Thank you. ?
Ross : It's worth the pain. (She goes to hug him again.) Y'know what, you know what? It's not. ? L'aeroport. Le vol pour le Yemen est annonce. ? Ticket Counter
Ross : Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.
Ross : Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock?s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
Ross : Hey, uh, you can ignore that.
Ross : Uhh, believe me when he?s older, he?ll understand.
Ross : I?ll be right there. (He goes over and opens the door to Carol, Susan, and Ben.) (To Ben.) Hello! (To Carol.) Hello! (To Susan.) Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.
Ross : Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so...
Ross : Oh come on! That?s-that?s... true.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : So uh, Emily called last night...
Ross : Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they?re going to the theatre together! They?re going to dinner! They?re going horseback riding!
Ross : Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard
Ross : Hey, they?re going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y?know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful-didn?t you see Personal Best?
Ross : How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!
Ross : What a weird way to kick me when I?m down.
Ross : Oh. What?s wrong with Ross?
Ross : Actually that-that?s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found... (Sees everyone staring at him and stops.) Y?know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend?s a lesbian. (Leaves.)
Ross : (opening the door.) Hey!
Ross : Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he?s sweeping. (We see Ben playing with a broom and a dustpan.)
Ross : So umm, any word from Susan?
Ross : Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don?t know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?
Ross : Y?know, the kind of fun, you and Susan had when we were married.
Ross : Am I?!
Ross : Am I?!
Ross : Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y?know? Say-say they?re coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they?re laughing, y?know, someone innocently touches someone else... There?s electricity, it?s new. It?s exciting. Are you telling me there isn?t even the slightest possibility of something happening?
Ross : OH MY GOD!! I didn?t really believe it until you just said it!!
Ross : (returning from the phone.) So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
Ross : So! Poetry? Susan?s gay! They?re being gay together!
Ross : Oh, wake up!
Ross : Excuse me?
Ross : Look, I don?t know what you?re talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.
Ross : What?
Ross : It does not!
Ross : This is not fun!
Ross : Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
Ross : Nice luggage.
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Oh, I missed you too.
Ross : Huh? I know, I know. Who am I? David Bowe? (Shakes his head around, pretending like he?s jamming.)
Ross : Uh, I don?t know, whatever.
Ross : Oh, I know. Y?know what, I never would?ve gotten this if it weren?t for you. No really, when I?m with you I?m-I?m like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!
Ross : Yeah? (They kiss.)
Ross : Then don?t. Stay here. Just don?t go so soon to London, just one more day.
Ross : One more day, seriously/
Ross : So, then you can stay as long as you want.
Ross : Oh no. Don?t, don?t, don?t start packing. Come on! (She puts some clothes into her bag, and Ross throws them out.)
Ross : Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
Ross : No. No, I didn?t. I didn?t want to be that guy.
Ross : (entering) Hey, guys! (They both notice his new little friend)
Ross : Oh yeah, Emily convinced me to do it.
Ross : I like it, and Emily likes it, and that?s what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
Ross : Ugh, she?s saying good-bye to her uncle.
Ross : Yeah!! Yeah!
Ross : I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it?s-it?s so great. But at the same time I?m thinking, "Well, I?m gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Ross : Nothing! There?s nothing to do! I mean, she lives there, I live here. I mean, she-she?d have to uh, move here. She should move here!
Ross : I could ask her to live with me!
Ross : I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
Ross : Look guys, when I?m with her it?s-it?s-it?s like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y?know?
Ross : I don?t want to do that.
Ross : Yeah, no, you?re right, I know, you?re right, I?m not, I?m not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys. (Gets up to leave.)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : (laughs) Move in with me.
Ross : Don?t be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it?s too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
Ross : I know.
Ross : Well, so, you-you?ll get a job here! I mean, I?m always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
Ross : No, I can?t. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can?t leave him. Isn?t-you don?t think there?s any way?
Ross : What?
Ross : No, no, don?t. Why don?t we?
Ross : Get married.
Ross : No! No! I?m not! It?s-it?s-it?s perfect! I mean it?s better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it?s us together forever, and that?s-that?s what I want.
Ross : Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who?s-who?s to say? Does that me we-we can?t do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn?t it?
Ross : Is that-are you saying yes? Is that yes?
Ross : Yes! We?re getting married?!
Ross : Yes!
Ross : Come here, come here. Uh, (He takes the earring out.) ow! Emily, will you marry me?
Ross : Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!
Ross : Come on! Come on. Come on.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Uhh, okay, it?s uh, Emily and I, we decided to uh, to get married. (The gang is stunned.)
Ross : We, we just decided to uh, to go for it.
Ross : (turning around.) Umm, uh, I was just telling the guys...
Ross : Yeah. (They hug again.)
Ross : (entering) Hey guys!
Ross : Oh no, not yet.
Ross : Oh. Thanks. Uh, has anyone seen Rach?
Ross : Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Ross : Yeah, but it didn?t fit. Well, luckily there?s a store here that has one left in her size, but I?m the groom, I?m not supposed to see the dress...
Ross : Thank you.
Ross : What?s wah-pah?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?
Ross : So listen uh, I know you and I haven?t really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
Ross : I know if you were getting married I?d feel, kinda..... y?know.
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : All right, I just wanted to check.
Ross : You?re great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.
Ross : Oh, no, I didn?t mean, uh...
Ross : Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn?t realise that had become anything, yet.
Ross : Oh. Yeah?
Ross : Wow, that?s-that?s-that?s incredible.
Ross : Uh-huh.
Ross : I gotta get to work.
Ross : Hey, y?know, y?know what would make me really happy?
Ross : If like the four of us could all y?know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily?s coming into town this weekend, why don?t you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Ross : Yeah, all right, it?s a date. (He leaves)
Ross : (coming back in) Did you say something?
Ross : Hey man.
Ross : So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?
Ross : Great! Because Emily and I are getting married in a month! Joey and
Ross : Yep!
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it?s going to be torn down, so... I mean, I-I know it?s crazy, but everything up 'til now has been so crazy, and I don?t know, this just feels right. Y?know?
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie?s at 9 o?clock?
Ross : Oh, see I-I don?t know if we?re gonna be hungry at three.
Ross : What happened?
Ross : Noo. Why?
Ross : Oh, Rachel, I?m-I?m sorry.
Ross : Come here. (They hug.)
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : You okay?
Ross : Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he?s so cheap, he?d never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough? (Hands her some envelopes.)
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Sure. Why not?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn?t invite her?
Ross : Yeah sure.
Ross : Huh? Yeah, fine, invite whoever you want. [And with that we start off on a series of clips from the entire history of Ross and Rachel, from Ross?s point of view. The first clip is from The Pilot.]
Ross : I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again! (ENTER RACHEL IN A WET WEDDING DRESS. SHE STARTS TO SEARCH AROUND THE ROOM)
Ross : Hi. (THEY GO TO HUG BUT ROSS' UMBRELLA OPENS. HE SITS, DEFEATED AGAIN) [cut to later]
Ross : You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Ross : You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Ross : Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Ross : Okay... okay, maybe I will... [The next clip is from The One With The Blackout.]
Ross : ? See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Ross : I do.
Ross : Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
Ross : OK. Umm, for a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
Ross : Yes, yes, that's right...
Ross : What? [the cat jumps on his shoulders] Ow!
Ross : You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
Ross : Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer? [Ross turns and bangs his head on an open dryer door.] I'm fine, I'm fine. [The next clip is from The One Where Ross Finds Out]
Ross : You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
Ross : I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Ross : The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed. [cut to later]
Ross : Fine.
Ross : Good.
Ross : No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I?m happy for ya, but I?m tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don?t know what to do anymore.
Ross : Is this about Mark?
Ross : Okay, it?s not, it?s not.
Ross : Oh I?m, I?m making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Ross : Okay, okay, fine, you?re right. Let?s ah, let?s take a break, (goes to the door) let?s cool off, okay, let?s get some frozen yogart, or something.. (opens the door)
Ross : Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night? (He?s frantically throwing the cushions off of the couch looking for her other shoe) Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Ross : Yeah! [cut to later]
Ross : Oh, thank you. (She goes to kiss him, but he holds her coat up between their faces to stop her.) Hey, hey. (opens the door, sees Rachel, and hides Chloe behind the door) Rachel!!!!
Ross : Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
Ross : Yes, you can, very much. (Chloe gives Ross the thumbs up while still standing behind the door.)
Ross : (seeing the thumbs up) Ahhhh!! (Hugs Rachel tighter.) [cut to later]
Ross : No!!
Ross : No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
Ross : What?
Ross : She was... [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : She, she was different. [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Ross : Nobody likes change. (Rachel picks up a newspaper and starts beating him with it.)
Ross : What? Okay, okay, okay, okay. [The next clip is from The One With The Jellyfish.]
Ross : WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!!! [Cut back to the present.]
Ross : Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y?know no commitment.
Ross : You think?
Ross : Hey, you?re right.
Ross : But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Ross : Oh, that is so sweet.(listens) No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three.(He doesn't hang up and motions for Rachel to be quiet.) Well you didn't hang up either.
Ross : ? Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y-- (Rachel grabs the phone and hangs it up for him.) [The next clip is from The One Where Ross Finds Out.] [Scene, A Restaurant, Rachel is on her date, drunk, and is leaving that answering machine message.]
Ross : Rach, I got a message from you. [Rachel comes out of her room, suddenly she remembers leaving the message.]
Ross : You're over me?
Ross : Wha... you're uh, you're, you're over me?
Ross : When, when were you... under me?
Ross : OK, I need to lie down. [The next clip is from The One With The List.]
Ross : Really. It's always been you, Rach.
Ross : I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
Ross : What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box. [The next clip is from The One The Morning After.]
Ross : Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn?t say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
Ross : Y'know, hey! You?re the one who ended it, remember?
Ross : You still love me?
Ross : What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
Ross : What?!
Ross : (starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it) [cut to later]
Ross : You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
Ross : Y'know what?? I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
Ross : OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.Mr.
Ross : [walks down the stairs and grabs the flowers out of the vase on the endtable] OK dad.Mr.
Ross : Yeah, well. [Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross]
Ross : Pheebs, did...you want a cookie?
Ross : Hey guys!
Ross : All right, here's the ring. (Shows Chandler the wedding ring he plans on giving Emily)
Ross : So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?
Ross : I sort've already asked Chandler.
Ross : Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
Ross : (to Chandler) Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?
Ross : Hey, how can it not be me?!HeyHey!
Ross : Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
Ross : Great. Great.
Ross : Yeah. Tell ya what, let's not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!
Ross : Oh, just planning my bachelor party with my best man.
Ross : Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
Ross : Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
Ross : Okay, see ya later.
Ross : Hey listen man, about the stripper...
Ross : Good call!
Ross : Hey-hey, what are those?
Ross : Wow! Yeah!
Ross : Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck. (Chandler checks and runs into the bathroom.) Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning. (They museum geeks wave at him.) Thanks Joey.
Ross : Oh, thanks! (Takes it and throws it back into the box and leaves.)
Ross : (entering) Hey guys!
Ross : I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...
Ross : Yeah, right!
Ross : That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Ross : Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
Ross : My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Ross : (dialling the phone) All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!
Ross : Not on you! On the stripper!
Ross : Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
Ross : So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Ross : Diverse. (There's a knock on the door.) The
Ross : Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
Ross : We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess! The
Ross : Joey! The vet said it's a simple procedure.
Ross : Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much! (He grabs the ring, kisses it, and then does a double-take realising where it's been.)
Ross : No, that's all right.
Ross : Hey! Hey! Hey! I get to choose my best man, and I want both you guys.
Ross : Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good... (They all start getting emotional.)
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Hey! Are you ready yet?
Ross : Oh! Got 'em right here, (Pats his coat pocket) check! [Cut to the guys' apartment.]
Ross : Yeah, cheerie-o!
Ross : Well, we're all here! I guess we should get going!
Ross : Oh, I'll-I'll come hug you.
Ross : Yeah. (He does so and Phoebe hugs him.)
Ross : Thanks.
Ross : (to Rachel) So, we're off.
Ross : Thanks! (They hug.) Ugh, I can't believe you're not gonna be there!
Ross : So-so come! Why don't you come?
Ross : To London! Come to London. Please? It'll mean so much to me.
Ross : Why-why can't you take a couple of days off?
Ross : This is my wedding.
Ross : Fine. You'll-you'll watch it on video when we get back.
Ross : All right, let's go! Bye, Pheebs!
Ross : Whoa-whoa-whoa! Emily, (Gives her the time-out signal.) honey, okay?
Ross : What?! No! No! That's-that's time-out!
Ross : Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything's gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.
Ross : Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
Ross : Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
Ross : It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.
Ross : Uh-huh, I see that.
Ross : What? What?
Ross : Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we'll be able to find a new place for the wedding.
Ross : Whoa-whoa-what? You found a place?
Ross : She said what?
Ross : Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? (He puts his pants on backwards.) This isn't right.
Ross : I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that? (Holds out his pants)
Ross : The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
Ross : No. I'm saying it's now. (He starts putting on his pants, backwards again.)
Ross : There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
Ross : (chasing her, trying to zip up his pants. His got them on right now.) No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please-(He catches something important in the zipper and howls like a little boy and falls to the floor.) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Ross : Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
Ross : Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
Ross : Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
Ross : Excuse me?
Ross : I don't know. A month?
Ross : I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
Ross : Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
Ross : Come on. (They leave and Chandler sticks his head out.)
Ross : Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...
Ross : But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
Ross : And, I don't know, if it starts to rain...
Ross : (Ross hugs his mom and dad)Hi. Mom. Dad. Mrs.
Ross : what's up, Dad? Mr.
Ross : (Holding him back.)Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is. (Picks up the bill.) Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay? Mr.
Ross : Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn. Mr.
Ross : I go back there with lawn ornaments, he's going to laugh in my face. Mrs.
Ross : Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding. Mr.
Ross : (Screaming) I'm getting married today!! Whoo-hoo!!
Ross : I'm getting married, to..day!!
Ross : Ahh, whoo-hoo!!(He runs back out the door.
Ross : (Using a slightly different inflection for each.) I do. I do. I do.
Ross : (Very Nervous)Really?
Ross : Dad!! (Emily comes running in.)
Ross : Nothing, nothing. Everything's under control. Mr.
Ross : (Stepping in between them.)Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN! (Pointing at his mother.) That's right!! Mr.
Ross : (Sighing.) It was...This disagreement over...(She sighs. Ross notices her in her wedding dress.) My god. You...you look beautiful.
Ross : You know what, I think we've had all the bad luck we're going to have. (He hugs her.) (The front entrance. Joey and the bridesmaid are up against the wall kissing. Rachel comes in the door and walks by Joey unnoticed. She walks into the chapel and sees Ross and Emily kissing. She looks as though she wants to cry. Emily walks away and Ross turns and sees Rachel standing there.)
Ross : My God. Rachel! (He walks towards her, grasps her hands and kisses her on the cheek.) Your here. I can't believe it. (She giggles.) What happen? Why are you here?
Ross : I Ross...
Ross : Take thee, Rachel...(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.) Emily. (A slight chuckle.) Emily.
Ross : I Ross...
Ross : Take thee, Rachel...(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.) Emily. (A slight chuckle.) Emily.
Ross : I, Ross...
Ross : Take thee, (Glares at the Minister) Emily. (Chuckles) Like there'd be anybody else. (Emily is glaring at him.)
Ross : As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily. (Points at her.)
Ross : Happy too.
Ross : Yay!
Ross : Okay.
Ross : (laughs) That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it? (Emily gives him a forearm shot across the stomach.) Opening Credits
Ross : (exiting the bathroom) That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here. (She slams the door in his face, to the gang) She's just fixing her makeup.
Ross : And, I love you!! (He walks into the living room) Mr.
Ross : That's true, thanks dad. (To All) People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!! (He starts to dance but stops when no one else joins him.) (Mrs. Waltham's phone rings and she answers it.) Mrs.
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
Ross : No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
Ross : But it absolutely didn't. (Yelling towards the bathroom) It didn't!! It didn't!!
Ross : (sarcastic) Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
Ross : Look, I'm sorry.
Ross : Oh, right!
Ross : (Bangs on the bathroom door) Emily? Emily? I'm coming in. (He opens the door to reveal that the window is gone, along with Emily.)
Ross : (entering) Emily?!
Ross : No, I've looked everywhere!
Ross : No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place. (He sits down on the bed.) Right here.
Ross : Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
Ross : (disappointed) That's cool.
Ross : Thanks guys! (They both sit down on either side of him.) I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt. (Chandler slowly takes his hand away.) Commercial Break
Ross : Em-Emily? (Looking around for her.) Em-Emily? (He runs to the door.) Emily! (He opens the door to reveal the Walthams standing outside.) Mr.
Ross : Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she? Mr.
Ross : Now, hold on! Hold on! (Stops him) Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all! (Rachel sits down, depressed.) That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that. Mr.
Ross : Rach! Rach!
Ross : Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?
Ross : Oh.
Ross : Not yet.
Ross : Pretty soon I guess.
Ross : I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
Ross : Same difference. Gate
Ross : I get it! Well, that's that.
Ross : What?
Ross : Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't know...
Ross : I could, yeah, I can do that.
Ross : I can't, I can't even believe her! No, y'know what, I am, I am gonna go!
Ross : I know, why not?
Ross : Right?
Ross : Y'know-thanks! (They hug)
Ross : Yeah, well...nah.
Ross : Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Ross : Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Ross : No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.
Ross : Okay!
Ross : Cool!
Ross : Come on! (They go to the jetway, Ross hands the tickets to the gate agent.) Here.
Ross : Ah! Ah! I forgot my jacket!
Ross : You tell them to wait!
Ross : Emily. (She stares at him and Ross realizes what she's thinking.)
Ross : Oh no-no-no! Oh-no! (Emily starts to run out and Ross chases her.) No! No! Emily! Ending Credits
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Yeah! (They high-five.)
Ross : Ohh...
Ross : Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
Ross : Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?
Ross : Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
Ross : Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know-Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
Ross : No, not since I lost her at the airport.
Ross : HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!! (Chandler is so shocked at Ross's outburst that he drops his spoon and backs up) Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!
Ross : Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry.
Ross : That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible.
Ross : So, what? That's it?
Ross : Oh, thanks. Oh, you're the best. (They hug.)
Ross : (breaking the hug) Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! (Runs to the door.) Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : She's doing her laundry.
Ross : It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
Ross : Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
Ross : I can't catch a break!
Ross : What thing?
Ross : Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily. (Looks at the rose mulch.) My God, think of the massacre.
Ross : Hey everybody, Pheebs is here!
Ross : Wait! It was my plan.
Ross : And, I came up with Atlantic City.
Ross : The paper.
Ross : Events from around the globe.
Ross : Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized...
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Go ahead.
Ross : Wow. Umm... Huh... I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now. (Rachel starts laughing hysterically.)
Ross : What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Ross : Why are you laughing?
Ross : Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
Ross : Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. (Laughs) "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know!
Ross : Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is...
Ross : That is what the thing is.
Ross : No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
Ross : No thank you for... Thank you.
Ross : Okay, let's go!
Ross : Pheebs, Pheebs, the babies are coming now.
Ross : It's all right.
Ross : Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did! (There's a pause as they figure out what to say.)
Ross : Apparently she fell in the shower and hit her head.
Ross : Look, Pheebs-Pheebs, it's gonna be okay.
Ross : Yeah, he's head of the department.
Ross : Hello. Dr.
Ross : Hey, where are Monica and Rachel anyway?
Ross : To be fair, he doesn't seem to be impersonating Fonzie...
Ross : Again, it's not that he... (Phoebe fakes pain to get Ross looking for another doctor.)
Ross : Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
Ross : (entering) Hey! I just heard. What's up? Joey's
Ross : Breathe! Breathe! Breathe throw the pain. (Joey starts breathing hard)
Ross : I do too! I do too!
Ross : Argh!
Ross : Argh!
Ross : You did it, man. Joey's
Ross : I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!
Ross : (on phone) I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
Ross : (on phone) Hello.
Ross : Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily! (He picks up a lamp and hands it to Chandler, for no reason.) It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst! (to Emily) Hi!
Ross : No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
Ross : Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.
Ross : (to the gang, whispering) She's talking.
Ross : (entering) Hi!
Ross : Well, Emily's willing to work on the relationship.
Ross : In London!
Ross : She wants me to move to London.
Ross : I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.
Ross : It could happen.
Ross : All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
Ross : Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
Ross : Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.
Ross : All right, did you just say all right?
Ross : Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love! (She laughs.)
Ross : Yes, tell me.
Ross : I know. I am, I am so sorry.
Ross : Again, very sorry.
Ross : Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me. Okay? I love you.
Ross : Oh that is so great! That's...
Ross : So I asked Emily if she would come to New York, and she said yes.
Ross : No-no-no! Only if I promise never to see Rachel again.
Ross : I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? (They're all quiet.) I'm actually asking you!
Ross : Thanks for the help, problem solved. (Wipes his hands.) (The phone rings.)
Ross : (entering) Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate. (He holds up and starts shaking a...)
Ross : Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. (There are none.) Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? (He turns it over and reads the answer) Ask again later. Later is not good enough. (He shakes it up again and reads the answer.) Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
Ross : For what?
Ross : Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.
Ross : It's not that easy, there's still a lot of relationship stuff.
Ross : Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.
Ross : No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
Ross : Thanks.
Ross : (answering the phone.) Hello. (Listens) Hi sweetie. (Listens.) Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. (Rachel gives him a thumbs up.) So will you come to New York? (Rachel wants to know what she said, and he gives her a thumbs up and she goes over and hugs him. All the time not knowing what's going on.) Ending Credits
Ross : (entering) Hey.
Ross : Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
Ross : Damn!
Ross : I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.
Ross : Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this. (He takes a big swig of Pepto Bismol.)
Ross : I have no idea. I mean... But-but I assure you I will figure it out. (They all reflect briefly on what was said.)
Ross : So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
Ross : Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily...
Ross : What?!
Ross : Le Poo's still alive?!
Ross : Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?
Ross : Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing... Okay, (Rachel has her back turned to the camera, and Ross isn't looking at her.) here goes. I made a promise that-(they cut to the other camera and Ross notices something coming out of Rachel's nose)-Oh hey!
Ross : You're nose is bleeding!
Ross : Umm... (Rachel blows her nose.)
Ross : Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.
Ross : Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.
Ross : Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?
Ross : And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants...
Ross : ...is for me not to see you anymore.
Ross : It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
Ross : You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
Ross : What are you doing?
Ross : Rachel, this is your apartment.
Ross : You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Ross : Yes! Please!
Ross : That's okay.
Ross : That's not advice!
Ross : I'm going to the bathroom. (Gets up and exits.)
Ross : (entering) Pheebs, you mind if I speak to Rachel alone for a sec?
Ross : Hi.
Ross : I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.
Ross : No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?
Ross : Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?
Ross : I can't believe this is happening.
Ross : I am so sorry.
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : How come? Everybody else does.
Ross : Oh, umm, I'm just getting rid of a couple of things.
Ross : Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
Ross : Touched. Used. Sat on. Sleep on.
Ross : Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.
Ross : After what I did? Can you blame her?
Ross : (on the phone) No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden. (Listens) No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye. (Hangs up.)
Ross : Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
Ross : Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Ross : Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
Ross : (on phone) I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye. (Hangs up.)
Ross : No-no, this is my collection of fossil samples.
Ross : I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there. (Points.)
Ross : I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
Ross : Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice...
Ross : Why?
Ross : What's going on?
Ross : Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do! (He storms out.)
Ross : Yep.
Ross : Y'know what? I'm really not in the mood.
Ross : Look, this is hard enough! I really need you guys right now.
Ross : Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?
Ross : You do, huh?
Ross : What are you talking about?
Ross : Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh... It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.
Ross : Hey! Hey, look! Ugly Naked Guy's back! (They all run over to the window.)
Ross : Hey! (Listens.) Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner. (Listens.) Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on. (To the gang.) She wants to say hi. (To Emily) Hold on. (Ross puts her on speakerphone.)
Ross : Y'know what? Uh, Rachel is here! (Rachel stops.)
Ross : Yeah, yeah, she's here.
Ross : (on phone) Hi.
Ross : (going onto the patio) Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?
Ross : Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
Ross : Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
Ross : So, can you trust me? (Pause.)
Ross : Well, I guess that's it.
Ross : My marriage is over.
Ross : Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther. Ending Credits
Ross : Emily's cousin kicked me out!
Ross : Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
Ross : Who needs a lease when it's family!
Ross : You got it.
Ross : Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad. (Joey starts giggling.)
Ross : What?
Ross : (entering from the bathroom) Hey roomies!
Ross : Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Ross : Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out. (He plays the greeting, and We Will Rock You starts to play and Ross's voice comes over it.) We will, we will, call you back!
Ross : Pretty cool, huh? (They both laugh as Ross heads back to the bathroom.)
Ross : (glaring at him) Joey, please! (Motions to his computer.)
Ross : (entering) Uh fellas, (Does the maneuver and gives them a double thumbs up, which Chandler returns as he closes the door.)
Ross : I'll take sports.
Ross : All right. Uhh, international.
Ross : Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
Ross : (looks) Oh yeah! You're-hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place, (reading ad) two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!
Ross : Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio.
Ross : Okay, let's go.
Ross : Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.
Ross : Oh my God! (Looking around, which doesn't take him long.)
Ross : I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking.
Ross : (To Joey) So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place?
Ross : (To Chandler) How about you?
Ross : All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application. (He exits.)
Ross : Hey. So I uh, I didn't get that apartment. Some problem with my application.
Ross : Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So...
Ross : Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.
Ross : Are you guys sure about this?
Ross : All right.
Ross : So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just (Does the 'quiet down' maneuver). (Chandler and Joey smile, but when Ross turns away look at each other with looks of horror.) Ending Credits
Ross : (popping up behind Joey wearing an Indian headdress) Come on, it's fun!
Ross : I couldn't possibly eat another bite.
Ross : Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
Ross : I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
Ross : Oh God, no.
Ross : You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
Ross : In this life, Phoebe.
Ross : Yeah that's the same.
Ross : (entering) Hey! (He brought home Chandler for Thanksgiving. Chandler is sporting the very popular Flock of Seagulls haircut. Yeah, it's another you have to see it to believe it kinda thing.) Mr.
Ross : Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band! Fat
Ross : Oh, this is Monica. Fat
Ross : Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food. Mrs.
Ross : So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college. Big Nosed
Ross : Well, that's cool. So did... (She walks away from him and he shuts up.) (Rachel wanders into the kitchen where Monica is making Chandler's dinner.) Big Nosed
Ross : Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for. Fat
Ross : (in a high pitched voice) Monica! [Time lapse, dinner has finished and Chandler is sitting on the couch eating some pie. Monica sits down beside him, and he gets pushed up a little by the wave she makes in the couch.] Fat
Ross : So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I'm gonna be out with her all night.
Ross : All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind. (Monica suddenly gets very happy.)
Ross : Hey! (Upon hearing this, Monica starts to break down and storms out. Only to be stopped by her parents.) Mrs.
Ross : I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.
Ross : Hey. (To his parents) Happy Thanksgiving! Mr.
Ross : So uh, where's Monica? Mrs.
Ross : Dude!
Ross : Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Ross : Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it! The
Ross : (To Joey) Sir Limps-A-Lot, I came up with that.
Ross : Well, they're not mine!
Ross : Why are they here?
Ross : (entering, depressed) Hi.
Ross : Someone at work ate my sandwich!
Ross : My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
Ross : Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
Ross : (quietly) That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything. (Shows the note to Chandler who reads it aloud.)
Ross : Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
Ross : (entering) Phoebe!
Ross : Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
Ross : That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want. (Joey walks by with a cup of coffee.) Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now! (Joey casually pushes Ross over the back of the couch and sits down proud of himself.)
Ross : Yeah, of course, Donald. Dr.
Ross : What?! Dr.
Ross : (Proudly) Yeah. Dr.
Ross : Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich. Dr.
Ross : Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here... Dr.
Ross : What? Dr.
Ross : You ate my sandwich? Dr.
Ross : (getting upset) Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker? Dr.
Ross : Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it? Dr.
Ross : (getting angry) That said it was my sandwich?! Dr.
Ross : (jumping to his feet in anger) What? Dr.
Ross : You-you-you-you (trying to remain in control) threw my sandwich away! [Cut to an outside shot of the museum.]
Ross : (losing control, we hear him shout outside) MY SANDWICH?!!! [Cut to a shot of a park.]
Ross : MY SANDWICH!!!!!! (Ross's scream scares a flight of pigeons away.)
Ross : (in a stupor) Hey Chandler. (Sees Monica.) Monica!
Ross : I'm fine! I saw a psychiatrist at work today.
Ross : On account of my rage.
Ross : He gave me a pill for it.
Ross : Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
Ross : I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.
Ross : (entering, with the rest of the gang) What's going on?
Ross : (covering his eyes) Dude! That's my sister! (She shows the rest of the gang.)
Ross : Yeah, what's going on?
Ross : You slept with my sister?
Ross : This is not good for my rage. (Takes another pill.)
Ross : My God Monica!!
Ross : Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
Ross : I...reorganized the fridge. See, bottom
Ross : Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
Ross : Hey, I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Ross : So what, we just sit?
Ross : I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
Ross : Or that.
Ross : I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : (grabbing a notepad and sitting down) All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.
Ross : And it can't be Joey.
Ross : Or Joseph.
Ross : All right. (Reading.) A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious. (Stops reading a flips the page to find the next one is blank.) That's it? (Joey shrugs.) Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident! (Flipping through the rest of the pad.) And what is, and what is all this?! (Reading.) The official rulebook of Fireball.
Ross : This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
Ross : (To Chandler) And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work. (To Joey) Now come on!
Ross : No! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah! You can have this back when the five pages are done! (After Joey walks past, Ross throws the ball down in pain.) Ahh! (Chandler shows him the burn spots on his oven mitts.)
Ross : So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
Ross : Sure.
Ross : Oh-oh, yeah.
Ross : Uh, you weighted 200 pounds.
Ross : Yeah, not since I got too strong for you.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Oh fine.
Ross : Joey's not going.
Ross : Because tomorrow he's redoing yesterday's pages.
Ross : I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
Ross : I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
Ross : And the reason I'm doing this is because I am Joey's friend. And if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
Ross : If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.
Ross : How about we settle this right now! (He rips up the tickets.) There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
Ross : No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!
Ross : Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
Ross : Yay!
Ross : I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
Ross : All right. (Takes another copy.)
Ross : Hey man.
Ross : About yesterday, I was really wrong. I am sorry.
Ross : Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest... (Pauses and looks at Joey.) But we had our best friend's interest at heart.
Ross : I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist. (Stops reading.) All right Joey, we get it. (To Chandler) I'm sorry.
Ross : (reading from the script.) I am sorry, Chandler.
Ross : (hopping) 73! 72! 71!
Ross : What?
Ross : Well, who's gonna kiss my sister.
Ross : Awww, man! Really?
Ross : That's a good point.
Ross : Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.
Ross : All right.
Ross : Well, everyone's gotta kiss someone. You can't kiss Ross you got the history.
Ross : (To Phoebe) Happy New Year, Pheebs!
Ross : Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!
Ross : Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
Ross : Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
Ross : In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Ross : Ohh.
Ross : Okay! (She leaves.) (To Chandler and Joey.) Hey! Chandler and
Ross : I just asked that girl out.
Ross : Yes it is. See. (Shows them the piece of paper she gave him with her name and phone number on it.)
Ross : That's right, uh, Elizabeth Hornswoggle.
Ross : Hi, Pheebs!
Ross : Oh-oh, guess what? I-I have a date with Elizabeth (Talking into Chandler's ear.) Hornswoggle.
Ross : All right, see you later.
Ross : (entering, with Ben) Hi!
Ross : Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow, (To Chandler) I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before." (No one says anything.)
Ross : (after he's left) Okay, seriously, what do you think?
Ross : What are you, what are you doing?
Ross : What, to blind my child?
Ross : (talking to himself) My God! These pants are burning up! (He's still wearing the leather pants.) (She snuggles closer.) Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! (Out loud.) Are you hot? Elizabeth
Ross : Okay, it must just be me then. (He shifts on the couch and a ripping sound emanates from his lower regions, the sound reminds one of a brief explosion of gas. In other words, it sounds like he farted. She has a look of horrific wonderment, wondering "Did he just fart?")
Ross : That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?
Ross : Thanks. (Gets up and as he does so, the sound returns. Without another word he heads into her bathroom.) [Cut to Elizabeth Hornswoggle's bathroom, Ross frantically pulls his shirt out and drops his pants. He exhales in sheer ecstasy as the coolness of the bathroom envelops his legs. He sits on the cast iron bathtub, again gasping in pleasure. He next grabs a magazine and starts to blow air on his exposed legs, but that doesn't work the way he wants it to. So he throws the magazine down, looks around for another idea, and finds one. He jumps up and hops to the sink. He turns on the water and starts to splash some on his legs, cooling them further.]
Ross : (in ecstasy) Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh..........
Ross : 'Kay! (He goes to pull up his pants, but can't seem to get them past his knees. He frantically tries to pull them up to no avail. Panic sets in.)
Ross : Oh my God!
Ross : (calling from Elizabeth's bathroom) Joey, it's Ross! I need some help!
Ross : Well, you can help me!
Ross : Listen, I'm in Elizabeth's bathroom...
Ross : No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
Ross : Powder! Yeah! Yeah, I have powder! (Grabs some of her shelf.)
Ross : Yeah, okay, hold on! (He puts the phone down and proceeds to spread a large amount of powder on his legs and makes another attempt at pulling up his pants. It doesn't work, and without picking up the phone leans down to it.) (Almost in tears.) They're not coming on man.
Ross : Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
Ross : Hold on. (Ross proceeds to apply copious amounts of the lotion on his legs. He literally starts spraying the back of his legs with the lotion, and as he applies some to his butt he makes a happy face like he enjoyed that sensation. After using about half the bottle he again tries to pull up his pants, but at the first sign of resistance, his hand slips off of the pants and hits him in the forehead.)
Ross : They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
Ross : What difference does that make?!
Ross : Dude, what am I gonna...
Ross : All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.
Ross : I had a problem.
Ross : This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
Ross : Look at me! (Chandler squeaks in an attempt not to make fun of him.)
Ross : Oh, be-because of the leather pants.
Ross : Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides. (Chandler starts rubbing his temple again.) I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight. (He starts to head for Monica's bedroom.) I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy. (Pause.) I would make a good cowboy. (He struts into Monica's room.)
Ross : (disinterested) Hey-yeah. (He hurries up to the counter.) Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please? (To the gang.) Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
Ross : Oh, thanks Gunther. (He takes it, hands the plate it's on to Rachel, sets it down on the table, and proceeds to pound it into oblivion while saying.) STUPID BRITISH SNACK FOOD!!!!!!!
Ross : (entering from the bathroom) Hey Pheebs, what's going on?
Ross : No! No! No!
Ross : I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in... (The duck quacks.) Actually, thanks!
Ross : Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.
Ross : Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
Ross : That's okay, Joe.
Ross : (licks the envelope and encounters a foreign substance on the glue.) Oh God!
Ross : Just, y'know out.
Ross : I uh, went to a bar. And then I just uh, just walked around for a while.
Ross : Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!
Ross : Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say...
Ross : Okay, I didn't know you would say that.
Ross : Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
Ross : I am gonna see her again.
Ross : (entering) Hey guys!
Ross : Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice! (They both turn around.)
Ross : Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours. (Joey has lost interest and is watching the race again.) It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
Ross : Thanks!
Ross : Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
Ross : Oh...
Ross : This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then...
Ross : Okay. Sometimes I feel...
Ross : Huh?
Ross : Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney? (Janice makes an agreeing sound.) So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
Ross : OH...MY...GOD!!
Ross : I am now.
Ross : Dude, we got to talk.
Ross : I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. (He laughs, his real laugh this time.) What you're-you're not mad?
Ross : Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
Ross : Okay.
Ross : All right.
Ross : (walking up with Rachel and carrying coffee) Hey.
Ross : Sorry.
Ross : (glaring at Joey) This would be the place where you explain the hat.
Ross : Hey Pheebs, how's it going?
Ross : Is everything okay?
Ross : Uhh, Pheebs' Grandmother just died.
Ross : Your make-up!
Ross : What's the part, Anti-man?
Ross : Hey, how are you holding up?
Ross : What happened?
Ross : Wh-what did he say?!
Ross : Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger! (Getting worked up) I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!" (Calming down.) I kinda scared myself.
Ross : Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your feelings.
Ross : What kind of problem?
Ross : Nooooo!
Ross : Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.
Ross : Hey! Hey! If he's moving, maybe I should try to get his place!
Ross : It would be so cool to live across from you guys!
Ross : Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
Ross : (laughing) Ohh. (Phoebe takes a couple of steps to the door and Ross quickly hurries out.)
Ross : (entering) What's going on? Phoebe and
Ross : What?! What?!
Ross : Actually, it looks really good. (Turns towards the window and now Phoebe starts jumping to divert his attention.)
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
Ross : No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to tip the scales in my direction. Check it out, you can probably see it from the window. (They all head to the window.)
Ross : No.
Ross : No.
Ross : A basket of mini-muffins.
Ross : The small one.
Ross : Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
Ross : Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again! (Exits.)
Ross : Noooo.
Ross : Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
Ross : Huh?
Ross : That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
Ross : Well, he had gravity boots.
Ross : Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out. (He opens the door and stops.) Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
Ross : Right. (Exits.) (The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)
Ross : Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but-I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and (He claps his hands.) I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
Ross : A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished. Dr.
Ross : Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me. Dr.
Ross : Chandler!!! Chandler!!! (He opens the door to the apartment but is stopped by the chain; Chandler and Monica quickly stop making out and try to get dressed.) Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Ross : What the hell are doing?!!
Ross : (To Chandler) I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
Ross : (happily) My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. (He hugs them both.) (To Joey and Rachel) You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
Ross : What? What? What?! You guys knew? (Joey and Rachel backup against the door.) You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!
Ross : (happily again) You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react? (He hugs them both.)
Ross : Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids...
Ross : You can't just call Godfather. Don't you think her brother should be Godfather?
Ross : (opens it to reveal Phoebe) Hey!
Ross : Aww.
Ross : Huh.
Ross : Ohh.
Ross : Thanks. Thanks. And thanks again.
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.
Ross : Howard?
Ross : Oh that's nice.
Ross : Oh. Uhh...
Ross : No-no, it's not that, it's just... I-I just moved in.
Ross : Yes, but I've lived here for 25 minutes.
Ross : No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.
Ross : Yes but too me he's just, man.
Ross : (To Phoebe) Ugh, can you believe that guy!
Ross : ...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Ross : It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Ross : Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags. (Exits.)
Ross : Oh, no!
Ross : Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.
Ross : Phoebe! (He grabs her arm to get her attention.)
Ross : What are you doing?
Ross : You chipped in?!
Ross : Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
Ross : Yeah, but you're making me look bad!
Ross : (trying to get her attention) Phoebe?
Ross : (tapping her on the shoulder) Phoebe? Phoebe?
Ross : Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?
Ross : So uh, what did you tell them about me?
Ross : Ohh. (He cuts himself a piece of cake.)
Ross : What?!
Ross : (trying a piece of cake) Ohh, this cake is really good!
Ross : Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
Ross : Oh-no. No. No.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Yeah, but still, cheap shot!
Ross : No, I will not!
Ross : You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me? (They all laugh.)
Ross : This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me? (Laughs--whines as he sees that no one is laughing. They're just staring at him in shock.)
Ross : (To Rachel) Yeah, I still don't know. (To the salesman who is hovering nearby) I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says, (In a sexy voice) "Come here to me!"
Ross : No! No! No! The "Come here to me" is y'know for the ladies.
Ross : Yeah? The
Ross : Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
Ross : Yeah, y'know what? I'll take it myself, thank you! (He signs the form and hands it back to the salesman.) All right Rach, let's go! (He picks up one end of the couch.)
Ross : Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!
Ross : Yeah! The
Ross : Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together. (He starts backing out of the store.) The
Ross : What's that supposed to mean?
Ross : Not that it's any of your business, but we did go out. The
Ross : Yeah! Rach?
Ross : Then tell him quickly.
Ross : Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!
Ross : A loser you did it with (To the salesman) 298 times! (Rachel pushes on the couch and pushes Ross out the door.)
Ross : Okay. (Throws off the last cushion.)
Ross : Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go. (They start the attempt. Ross is going backwards and reaches the first landing. This staircase has three steps then a landing, makes a 90-degree turn, and has more steps before another landing and another 90-degree turn.)
Ross : Okay, go left. Left! Left! (The bottom of the couch is hitting the railing.)
Ross : Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it! (She gets it lifted up and they make the first turn.) Okay. You got it?
Ross : Good-good-good.
Ross : Yeah, you got it right? You got it right? You got it? (She don't got it as the couch slips out of their grips and falls over the bottom railing.)
Ross : Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.
Ross : Oh great! What, you brought Joey?
Ross : Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!
Ross : Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. (Showing them) Okay Rach, (points to the sketch) that's you. That's the couch. (Points again.)
Ross : Oh, that's me.
Ross : No! That's-that's my arm!
Ross : Y'know what? Just-just follow my lead. (Chandler and Ross head for opposite ends of the couch.)
Ross : Come on, Chandler. (They pick up the couch and after throwing off the last pillow; Rachel helps out on Chandler's end.)
Ross : All right. (They start up the stairs. Ross is first.) Okay, here we go! (Chandler has moved forward and is now underneath the couch as it heads up the first set of stairs.)
Ross : All right, ready?
Ross : Turn.
Ross : Turn! Turn! (As they turn the couch, Chandler gets sandwiched between the railing and the couch.)
Ross : Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot! (They start up the stairs again. Chandler is between the couch and the wall now.) Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!
Ross : Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore. Chandler and
Ross : All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again. (As they start back down the couch drops a little bit and gets jammed. They try to free it to no avail.)
Ross : I can't believe that didn't work!
Ross : I'd like to return this couch. I'm not satisfied with it. [The camera cuts to show the couch, which has been cut in half.] The
Ross : That's what I'm telling you. The
Ross : This couch, is cut in half! I would like to exchange it for one that is not cut in half! The
Ross : Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit. The
Ross : Hey! What's up?
Ross : Hey Joey! Great stuff huh?
Ross : Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing. (He pretends he's surfing by the window.)
Ross : Yes. I lived with you guys for a while and then I found this place. (Joey just stares at him) I'm Ross. (Joey makes a frustrated face and noise and walks away. He knocks on the next door and it's answered by an old man.) The Old
Ross : You got ink on your lip.
Ross : (to the woman checking her mail next to him) Hey! (A man walks up.) The
Ross : (to the woman checking her mail) Who isn't? (For the first time we see that the woman Ross is talking too is in fact the hot girl that Joey is looking for. She just kinda stares at him.)
Ross : I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross. The Hot
Ross : Nevermind! (Goes back to his mailbox.) The Hot
Ross : I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm... The Hot
Ross : Jen, I know this may sound a little...(makes some kind of crazy noise) But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or...
Ross : Umm?
Ross : I will give you a call.
Ross : Okay! (After she's left, Ross gets really happy and starts kissing the card. Suddenly, she returns.)
Ross : So uhh, you ready?
Ross : Sure. (He opens the door to Joey. Needless to say, Joey's stunned.) Joey...
Ross : Hi!
Ross : (sets Ben down) Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
Ross : I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings...
Ross : (from the bathroom) Okay!!
Ross : All right, I gotta take off. I'm picking up Ben then we're off to the big audition.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
Ross : You're not his godfather.
Ross : (Pause) Of course I am! (Joey is relieved) Okay, let's go godfather.
Ross : Really? That's great!
Ross : Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you, (Starts to whine like a baby and Joey just glares at him.)
Ross : Joey, you look nothing like Ben.
Ross : (entering, downtrodden) Hi.
Ross : Not so good.
Ross : (Pause) Yeah I am! Yeah, Ben got a second audition!
Ross : Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?
Ross : Yes!! I knew it!! (To the people who didn't make it.) Bye-bye! So long! Later!
Ross : Yeah! The Casting
Ross : Yeah, it is.
Ross : No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.
Ross : Seriously that's a lot of cups.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : What's up?
Ross : Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Ross : Well, you just...
Ross : What?!
Ross : Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Ross : What?!
Ross : And why wouldn't he get it?
Ross : Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
Ross : Oh yeah? I guess we'll just see!
Ross : You're kid's name is Raymond!
Ross : (entering, angrily) Joey!
Ross : (angrily) Ben! (Pause.) (Happily.) I mean, Ben! Ben! The Casting
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Listen man, uh, I'm sorry the audition didn't go so well.
Ross : No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
Ross : Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
Ross : I think, sub-consciously...
Ross : (pause) I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
Ross : No!
Ross : There you go. Thank you!
Ross : No.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Wow! You look nice. What's the occasion?
Ross : Wow! How'd you get in there?
Ross : What the hell was that?!
Ross : The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!
Ross : It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut (Makes some whiney, nasally noises.)"
Ross : Yeah, right.
Ross : (backing away) I'm good. Opening Credits
Ross : And on your anniversary, for shame!
Ross : Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!
Ross : Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
Ross : Well...
Ross : Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the pizza place.
Ross : And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little...
Ross : This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Ross : I'll get it! I will get that! (Runs over and opens the door.)
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
Ross : (I can't make it out.) The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.
Ross : You understand I don't actually like 8-year-old boys.
Ross : You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!
Ross : This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!
Ross : Chandler was totally flirting with the hot delivery girl!
Ross : Really?!
Ross : And thank you, for that.
Ross : What? (Mumbles) What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Ross : All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! (To Chandler) And not the one on the menu!
Ross : (smiling) Are you sure?
Ross : (To Phoebe) Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
Ross : Do you like it?
Ross : Okay, I'm working on my flirting.
Ross : Joey! This is like the last commercial. You've got like (checks his watch) ten minutes left!
Ross : (running to the door) Oh, mine! Mine! Mine! (to everyone) Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
Ross : You'll see. Okay. (Readies himself.) Oh, what's-what's her name?
Ross : (He opens the door while faking a laugh.) Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this. (Monica turns her head in shame.)
Ross : Okay, (gets the money) so, do you make the pizzas in one of those uh, wood-burning ovens?
Ross : Gas? Wow! Intense.
Ross : (to Caitlin) Hey uh, y'know that smell gas has?
Ross : They put that in.
Ross : The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
Ross : A lot of other gas smells...
Ross : Meth-methane smells...
Ross : Oh but I-I-I haven't paid you yet!
Ross : (To All) Was I talking to her about gas?
Ross : Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there. (Goes and sits on the couch dejectedly.)
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : What do you mean?
Ross : And she just gave you this?
Ross : Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.
Ross : Well that I can believe.
Ross : (To Phoebe) And she's supposed to buy this?! Grandma
Ross : (sits down at the table) Oh, eh, just thinking about Emily getting married tomorrow. (Joey panics.)
Ross : (turning and looking) What? Where?
Ross : What am I looking at?
Ross : Me too!
Ross : Yeah!!
Ross : Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!
Ross : (to Gary) That was so cool man, the way you leaned on that guy.
Ross : (to Gary) He told you everything! I mean you totally cracked him!
Ross : Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the berry for ya?
Ross : It's the-Chandler!! (Chandler starts laughing at his joke.)
Ross : So where are we going next?
Ross : Yeah, no one talks like that!
Ross : Hey, I'm more cop than you two!
Ross : Hello! I'm in the front seat, okay? I'm Gary's partner!
Ross : Umm, jealous! (He drops the cherry and it turns on.)
Ross : Yeah, no problem. (Tries to turn it off.)
Ross : Sorry! Sorry! Oh, (He sticks it under his shirt) there! (It's just there flashing through his shirt) Hey Gary, who am I? Phone home! (Gary just glares at him.) [Time lapse, Ross has been demoted to the back seat with Joey and Chandler. He's not too happy about it.]
Ross : What is it?
Ross : What? What? What? What is it?
Ross : Uh-huh. Thank Joey!
Ross : (on the machine) Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye! (He hangs up.)
Ross : Pheebs, we had the most incredible night! Okay, so, we're in the car...
Ross : Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!
Ross : Yeah, but-but he didn't know that!
Ross : And it could've just as easily have been a bullet.
Ross : Wow! I could've died tonight.
Ross : I do have a newfound respect for life.
Ross : Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
Ross : Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh! (He goes over and hugs her.)
Ross : The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Ross : Okay, okay, we were on the ride along with Gary, right?
Ross : And somebody took a shot at me!
Ross : No, a car backfired, but (Rachel suddenly calms down) I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I...I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
Ross : (stares at her briefly) Okay, why are you here?
Ross : You talked to her?
Ross : Well, okay, what-what did she say?
Ross : Wow!
Ross : Huh? Yeah! Yes, of course!
Ross : Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Ross : Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
Ross : You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
Ross : Huh.
Ross : That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
Ross : Yeah. Maybe today is just, close call day.
Ross : Hey, thanks Rach. (They hug.)
Ross : Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is blinking. Maybe you didn't erase it.
Ross : (on machine) "Hey Ross, it's you!" (Hits the stop button) Oh yeah, no that's-that's an old message, nobody needs to hear that.
Ross : (looking at the coffee table where his money was) Hey umm, was-was Monica here?
Ross : Yeah, I want my money back.
Ross : Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been shot at for real?
Ross : I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Ross : I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
Ross : Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten Island.
Ross : (he catches the ball and pauses, staring at Joey in disbelief) Also an island. (The game resumes.)
Ross : (looks at his watch)
Ross : Are you serious?!
Ross : Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
Ross : No.
Ross : You bought Shawn Cassidy!
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : What-what is it?!
Ross : Why is it inside out?!
Ross : How much did you pay for that?
Ross : Yeah? How much?
Ross : ON A CAT??!!!!
Ross : Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
Ross : (To Joey) Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Uhh, yeah it would! Let's do it!
Ross : What?
Ross : I know! (Looks at the ball in his hands.) Don't switch hands, okay?
Ross : ...now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?! {Y'know, sometimes I think the script writers throw in a line like that to try to trip me up. But it won't work. I'll always have the last laugh! <manical_laugh.wav> Okay, so maybe I'm a little deluded, it's probably just my spellchecker. But, I must admit I did get Mesozoic and Paleozoic on the first attempt. Yay me! Anyhoo...}
Ross : How do you know? You don't have a watch.
Ross : Monica, whatever you do, do not drop that ball!
Ross : 2 hours, 27 minutes.
Ross : Hey Rach!
Ross : Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
Ross : (catching the ball) Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
Ross : It's really a uh-uh three person game, y'know?
Ross : All right. (He gently tosses the ball to Chandler who catches it.)
Ross : Baking it didn't help, huh?
Ross : I'm starving!
Ross : I'm still hungry!
Ross : I am!
Ross : Oh, thank God!
Ross : I know. My arm is killing me.
Ross : What's going on?
Ross : Oh God, here we go!
Ross : Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch! (He takes his finger and moves it towards his eye.)
Ross : Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I? (Pokes his eye)
Ross : All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.
Ross : All right, bye!
Ross : Later! (Exits.)
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Uhh, not much. You guys want to see a movie tonight?
Ross : I don't know, umm...
Ross : What's with her?
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Action.
Ross : Dude, you are sick.
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.
Ross : All right! (Joey nods to Chandler, no way!)
Ross : Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading? (Phoebe ignores him) Pheebs? (Turns away) Hello? (He sits down next to her and she moves over a bit.) Phoebe? (He moves closer and she keeps moving away.) Phoe-Phoebe! (They end up hanging over the arm rest.) Come on! (He grabs the magazine away from her.)
Ross : Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
Ross : Well, I don't know.
Ross : Well, whatever it is I'm-I'm very, very sorry. Okay?
Ross : Okay. So we're, we're good?
Ross : All right. (Gets up.) I'll uh, I'll see you later, okay?
Ross : ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
Ross : Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
Ross : Okay, are you mad at me because my hair gel smells?
Ross : Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?
Ross : Yeah? Sometimes it's... (Does the fist thing.)
Ross : Okay, I'm the baby. (Points at his eye.)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : (entering) Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Ross : What do you like better flora or fauna?
Ross : Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
Ross : Why are you mad at me?
Ross : When did I say you were boring?!
Ross : Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
Ross : Hey Rach, can you pass me the TV Guide?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.
Ross : What'd you say?
Ross : Is that supposed to be an insult?
Ross : So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
Ross : Yeah? All right I'll call the airlines. (Picks up the phone and does so)
Ross : (in his head) Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. (Looks back at his book.) Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I? [Cut back to Monica and Rachel's apartment, Rachel is singing along with a song and dancing while facing the big picture window. Y'know, I think I'd pay real good money to be on the other side of that window!]
Ross : Hey. Commercial Break ?
Ross : May I come in?
Ross : Do you want me too?
Ross : So do I. (Slowly walks in.) Okay Rach, before anything happens (He takes off his coat) I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. (Turns back to face her.) This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us." (Rachel's confused) Okay? I just want this to be (Kicks off his left shoe) about what it is! (Kicks off the other one.)
Ross : The physical act of love. (Hisses at her.)
Ross : Oh so-so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your-your nakedness?
Ross : You weren't trying to entice me with your nakedness.
Ross : No! No! (Grabs his coat) No! (Grabs a shoe.) No-no-no-no. (Grabs the other one and heads for the door.)
Ross : Can we, can we just forget this ever happened?
Ross : Thank you.
Ross : All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack. (Starts to leave)
Ross : (sarcastic) Yep! That's hilarious!
Ross : Y'know, last night was embarrassing for you too.
Ross : Uh-huh. But it was a first for the rest of my building.
Ross : What?! You totally get embarrassed!
Ross : Is that so?
Ross : (loudly so that everyone can hear) Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am not gonna to have sex with you in the bathroom! (Rachel sinks lower on her chair trying to hide.)
Ross : (to the guy in the window seat next to him) Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student? (He points at Rachel.) [Time lapse, Rachel pushes the flight attendant call button, takes Ross's drink, and spills it into his lap.]
Ross : What the? What...
Ross : I think the check in is that way. (Points)
Ross : Phoebe! (They hug.)
Ross : Hey, you wet my pants!
Ross : Rach! Wait! The men's room is that way. (Points in the other direction. Rachel hits him with her purse and heads for the ladies room.) (The old lady at Phoebe's machine wins. Phoebe turns around in shock.)
Ross : What?
Ross : Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
Ross : What? No-no, a lurker.
Ross : Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then...
Ross : No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.
Ross : Uh-hmm.
Ross : My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance-karate lessons.
Ross : Yes, it's a deadly but beautiful sport. (Does a karate chop, then does a little dance-type sway.)
Ross : What?!
Ross : Oh my God! Rach-Rach, are-are-are you sure?
Ross : Joey!!
Ross : (To Joey) Thanks man.
Ross : Hey listen I uh, talked to Chandler, sorry about the movie.
Ross : Your what?
Ross : What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
Ross : (on the phone) Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face. (Listens) A beard and a moustache. (Listens and laughs) Thank you. (Rachel turns around and glares at him.) No, she didn't think so. (Listens) I know it's like (turns and sees Rachel staring at him and quickly changes the subject) anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do? (Listens) Yeah. (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) Yeah. (Listens) Oh! Okay. (Listens) Okay, thank you! (Rachel gets excited at his tone.) (Hangs up the phone) Yeah, it's not coming off.
Ross : Umm, he said he thought I was funny. So...(Rachel stares at him.) Okay, look-look umm, let's just go downstairs, we'll have some fun, and you will forget all about it.
Ross : Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.
Ross : Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here! (Rachel turns around and glares at him.) There are tons...of...freaks here. No other. No. Come on! No one will notice, I swear! (They both exit.) [Time lapse, they're both entering.]
Ross : Okay, there was some staring and pointing.
Ross : Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff. (Rachel glares at him.) But who cares?! Because it's all on me! (Rachel reaches into the fridge and pulls out two handfuls of those mini booze bottles.) (Watching her.) That is, one big drink!
Ross : (looking at the price list) Umm... Wow! That's-that's some pricey nut!
Ross : Really like those Macadamia nuts, huh?
Ross : (gets up) All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us! (He grabs a deck of cards and pulls up a chair.) All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go. (Deals the cards.) 13.
Ross : (does so) Oohh, 23. (Rachel looks at him.) Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars! (Holds out a ten.)
Ross : You're right! (Gives her the twenty she won.)
Ross : (runs out of cards) We need more cards.
Ross : That must be our alcohol and beers! (Gets up to answer it.)
Ross : Ohh, it's Joey! I love Joey! (Hugs him.)
Ross : I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man. (He starts to sit down on the bed. There's one problem though, he's about two feet to the left of it. Needless to say, he misses and falls on his butt.) (Looking up at Joey.) Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
Ross : Ohh, here's that Macadamia nut!
Ross : (he puts it in his mouth) Nope! Something else. (Throws it back under the bed.)
Ross : I wanna get out of the room! Y'know, I...I really miss downstairs.
Ross : Well hello! I'm Ross!
Ross : Excuse me sir, you've got a little something right here. (He points to the corner of his mouth and they both laugh.) (They've made their way to the statue of the naked man that Chandler was leaning against earlier.)
Ross : (bowing) Hello!
Ross : Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! (Throws some rice.)
Ross : Well, hello, Mrs. Ross! (Throws some rice.)
Ross : Why are we in bed together?
Ross : (checks) Yeah.
Ross : No! But we-we didn't have...sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don't remember much about last night, it was such a blur.
Ross : And we didn't have sex. (Rachel agrees with him and starts to get out of bed.)
Ross : (getting up) Tell me about it. (He sits up on the edge of the bed and has "Just Married" written on his back.)
Ross : Hey! The
Ross : What?
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : What?! Hello! We didn't get married.
Ross : We-we-we-I remember being in a chapel.
Ross : I-They would not let us get married when we were that drunk!
Ross : Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
Ross : What?
Ross : No-no, that's-that's not my thing! I do not love getting divorced!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Yeah. Yeah, actually um, I wanted to talk to you about that whole annulment thing?
Ross : I'm not going to do that. (Rachel glares at him.) Commercial Break ?
Ross : Yes, exactly!
Ross : Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I'd have to talk you into this more.
Ross : I'm-I'm not kidding. Look I-I, I can't have three failed marriages. I can't. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!
Ross : Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
Ross : I'm asking you to do me a favor.
Ross : And as my wife I think you should grant me this favor.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married. (Rachel shakes her head.) We register, and you get to keep all the presents!
Ross : I don't know if it's true.
Ross : Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
Ross : All right. All right, I'll do it.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
Ross : Oh yeah, why not?
Ross : Okay. (Sits down next to Phoebe.) You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
Ross : I didn't get the annulment.
Ross : We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later. (He gets up leaving Phoebe in shock.) Ending Credits ?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
Ross : Oh yeah, why not?
Ross : Okay. (Sits down next to Phoebe.) You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
Ross : I didn't get the annulment.
Ross : We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later. (He gets up leaving Phoebe in shock.) [Cut to outside Central Perk.]
Ross : (To Rachel) Hey, do you have any gum?
Ross : I know.
Ross : Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
Ross : Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
Ross : Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Ross : Hey! Hi!
Ross : What's up?
Ross : Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend...shaking up. Oh, that's great. That's great. (Kisses and hugs her.)
Ross : Bye.
Ross : Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
Ross : (interrupting) No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Ross : Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
Ross : What?! Why? (She grabs his arm and drags him over to a table where three beautiful women are sitting. Now, I'm going to go out on a limb and say that their names are Stephanie, Karin, and Meg. Okay, so I looked at the credits. Of course, only Meg is named later on, so I'll have to guess who is Stephanie and who is Karin. But, we'll cross that bridge when we come to it.)
Ross : And if you wait right here, I'll go get Ross. (Phoebe grabs his arm and prevents him from escaping.)
Ross : ...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
Ross : What?!
Ross : This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
Ross : We were drunk! I would've married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!
Ross : (to the panel) Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
Ross : (getting up) Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth-(leans down to Meg's ear)-Nothing!!
Ross : Yes.
Ross : Yes, second in two years. Third overall.
Ross : Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk...
Ross : Yes-yes-yes! But, I-I do not love her.
Ross : This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.
Ross : I think just the annulment for today.
Ross : Easy.
Ross : No problem.
Ross : Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
Ross : Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel? (Russell glares at him.) I will think about the therapy.
Ross : Oh no.
Ross : I couldn't.
Ross : It's not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I...
Ross : I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
Ross : I do not have feelings for Rachel! Okay?! (He goes into her apartment.) [Cut to Monica and Rachel's as Ross walks through the door. Rachel is holding the chrome star and crying.]
Ross : Ohh, what's wrong?!
Ross : Oh my-Come here! Come here! (He hugs her.) It's okay. Everything's gonna be okay.
Ross : Of course. (Ross suddenly realizes something.) Ending Credits ?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Oh, that. Umm, she took it really well.
Ross : No.
Ross : I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn't tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
Ross : It's nothing, I just gave her a hug.
Ross : It's also a sign of friendship.
Ross : (grabs back his cookie) It was a hug!
Ross : S-s-smell her hair? What if I did?
Ross : I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty. (Phoebe raises her eyebrows.) What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
Ross : (grabbing back his coffee) If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Rach, uh, you still looking for a place?
Ross : Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
Ross : Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization. (Rachel just looks at him.) Here's Warren's number.
Ross : Okay, you go grab it!
Ross : I don't know what you're talking about.
Ross : Look, I do not re-love her.
Ross : Look, we're just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?
Ross : You can live with me.
Ross : What? Commercial Break ?
Ross : Uh-huh. (Phoebe grunts.)
Ross : Well, I'm-I'm just glad I could, y'know, help you out.
Ross : Hero, I uh, I don't know-well, all right.
Ross : Oh please! (He sits down.) (To Phoebe) You're gonna say things now, aren't ya?
Ross : Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
Ross : What do you mean, they're not moving in? They-they're still moving in right?
Ross : What?! Over a stupid room!
Ross : Oh no, yeah no, that part's great!
Ross : What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
Ross : Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
Ross : (stopping them) Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
Ross : Okay! All right! Now, Chandler you-you wanna live with Monica, right?
Ross : And Mon, you wanna live with Chandler, don't ya?
Ross : (jumping up) Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York! (Storms out.)
Ross : (entering) Hey Rach!
Ross : You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right-I mean for them. Right?
Ross : Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
Ross : Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?
Ross : No!
Ross : No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?
Ross : Good! Me neither! So it's not a problem. We're just two friends who happen to be roommates.
Ross : Really?! We are?
Ross : Ohh! That would be great.
Ross : (laughs as well, but for a different reason) Yeah, I didn't think of that.
Ross : So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it's a really big step! And-and what's the rush?! (They both start laughing at him.)
Ross : No, I-I-I'm serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y'know you break up!
Ross : Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn't about the room, this is about what the room...represents! And unfortunately, this room (Points to Rachel's room) could destroy you!!
Ross : Fine! It's your life! (Starts to storm out mad about his failed attempt at the manipulation of his best friend and sister, but stops and tries one last time.) I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together, (Monica and Chandler just stare at him.) but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do. (Opens the door and tries one more time.) DON'T DO IT!!!!! (Finally leaves.)
Ross : (To Rachel) So umm, where are the other guys?
Ross : Fighting?!
Ross : Yeah. There's no breaking them up, is there?
Ross : Sure! Here. (Hands her his keys.)
Ross : Yeah, I'm-I'm sure. (Deadpan) Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind. (She exits)
Ross : I've been back and forth.
Ross : Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
Ross : Yeah, well, m-maybe you're right.
Ross : Is that what I want?
Ross : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa, Joey!
Ross : How weird is that? Y'know? You're moving in with me and have the one thing I don't have. It's like uh, in a way you-you complete me (Phoebe glares at him) kitchen.
Ross : (in an Australian accent) You complete me kitchen, matey!
Ross : What?
Ross : Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
Ross : Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
Ross : (answering it) Uh-oh, saved by the bell. (On phone) Hello? [Cut to the living room where Monica is helping pack a box.]
Ross : (on phone) No-no-no, that's great! I'll be there Monday. And thank you again! (Listens) Okay. (Hangs up) (To All) Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!
Ross : Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
Ross : I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
Ross : (entering) Hey everyone!
Ross : Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind? (They pause to think about it.)
Ross : (he starts reading directly from his cards word for word very quietly) "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Ross : (continuing) "...subcategories. The first of these subcategories is..."
Ross : No! Why?
Ross : Ohh! Okay! Okay. (Resumes reading word for word from the card) "There are three (pauses and looks at Joey) primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. (Pauses and darts his eyes between Chandler and Rachel.) (Rachel starts laughing) Each of these theories (glances at Phoebe) can be further subcategorized (glances at Chandler) into..."
Ross : Open with a joke? It's a university, not a comedy club!
Ross : (gets up) Okay!
Ross : Thank you!
Ross : Please don't say naked chicks.
Ross : I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
Ross : (entering) Hello!
Ross : It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
Ross : I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone's all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I'm gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.
Ross : That's right!
Ross : (to the class) Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when-(sees Monica and Rachel.) Oh bloody hell. Commercial Break ?
Ross : Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
Ross : Will you-will you please? (Another professor walks down from the back of the lecture hall.) The
Ross : Oh. The
Ross : (in his British accent) I'm sorry, I've got plans with my sister.
Ross : (in accent) Right, will you excuse us for one moment? (Takes Monica aside.) (In his normal voice.) What are you doing?
Ross : Just please stop! (They turn back to Rachel and Professor Rathman.)
Ross : (entering) Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
Ross : They're not listening too me?
Ross : Monica you really think I should try this phasing out thing?
Ross : (in his head) All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory (pronounced the British way) the team would never have identified (British) the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis (British). Were there any questions at this point? (One student raises his hand.) Yes. (Points to him.) A
Ross : (British) Come again? What's-what's this nonsense? (Giggles.) (American.) All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions? (Everyone raises their hands) About paleontology. (They all put their hands down.) All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression... (At this moment Rachel bursts through the door. Needless to say, she's not in the best of moods having just found out Ross's dirty little secret.)
Ross : (in the accent again) Well, hello Rachel! Ending Credits ?
Ross : Look I was going to tell you!
Ross : Okay, maybe it wasn't my best decision. But I just couldn't face another failed marriage.
Ross : Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny. (He laughs, and he laughs alone.) Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
Ross : Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
Ross : Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at
Ross : Okay Rach, but...
Ross : Look I told you...
Ross : Look, if you'd had two failed marriages, you'd understand!
Ross : What about the time I said we were on a break?
Ross : Fine, I'm mentally unstable.
Ross : What?!
Ross : Crack isn't even an intravenous drug!
Ross : Oh, come on!
Ross : Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
Ross : And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!
Ross : (stands up) That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
Ross : And what-(notices the stenographer is still typing)-What are you typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We don't get the annulment. Don't type that! What?! Stop typing! (He goes over to where the stenographer is typing and in the process pushes Rachel out of his way.) Hey! Stop typing! (He's still typing.) Stop typing! Stop typing!!
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : My fault?! You threatened the judge!
Ross : That was the only way I could get him to stop typing!
Ross : The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you? (Walks on.)
Ross : I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I've already signed everything and I put little 'X's where you need to sign.
Ross : Y'know, I-I-you've done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?
Ross : Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
Ross : Yeah! Right! (Pause.)
Ross : You're right. That's very different. So let's, let's just sign the papers. All right? (Sits down and Rachel keeps standing there.) What?
Ross : Okay, can we just sign please?
Ross : Congratulations. (Gets up to leave.)
Ross : What?
Ross : Excuse me?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all (Pause.) your fault.
Ross : I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
Ross : Did I, did I even treat?
Ross : That may be the most depressing thing I've heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer's office.
Ross : Eh, no problem. (They hug.)
Ross : Totally. (Exits.) Ending Credits ?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
Ross : I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
Ross : Oh, but-but I can't do it.
Ross : Because, because I've got Ben.
Ross : Of course he is! What, do you think I'd just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
Ross : (to the guys) I gotta go make a fake Ben.
Ross : Oh, I'm just over here with Ben. I thought we'd say hi.
Ross : Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. (He holds the phone to the fake Ben he has created out of a pumpkin.) Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
Ross : (answering the phone) Hello? (Listens) Hey Mon, how's the packing going? (Listens) Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God! (He looks over at the fake Ben and notices that the head has fallen off.) Get your head of your shirt there son! (He tries to push the pumpkin through the neck hole.) What? (Listens) Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
Ross : And now you want that money back.
Ross : Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for? (As he picks up the fake Ben.)
Ross : I'm sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.
Ross : Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I'd be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.
Ross : No.
Ross : So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
Ross : Hi! (Rushes over to shake her hand instantly.)
Ross : So uh, wha-uh, what do you do?
Ross : Thank you for bringing her into our lives.
Ross : Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
Ross : Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : (enters) Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
Ross : Did you get Monica's authorization to move all of her stuff?
Ross : Put it back exactly where you found it?
Ross : 'Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
Ross : Whoa, hello, did you just meet Monica?
Ross : Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
Ross : Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Ross : Yeah, the phone was facing the other way. (Chandler fixes it and a picture frame off the table.) And that goes back up there. Commercial Break ?
Ross : Yeah that-that, doesn't look right.
Ross : Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
Ross : Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Ross : Hey, I've been married 3 times (Chandler gives him a round of mock applause.)
Ross : Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Ross : Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
Ross : Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.
Ross : Uh, they don't like it when you correct their grammar.
Ross : They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.
Ross : (nonchalantly) I'm never gonna find love again.
Ross : Who cares? I repel women. [Monica tries to come in]
Ross : (whispers) What?!
Ross : Why does anyone have to be naked?
Ross : I-I had to show Chandler something?
Ross : Yeah-yeah I uh, I have a uh, a guy problem.
Ross : Dude, what'd you have?
Ross : (realizes something) The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.
Ross : So really, what'd ya have?
Ross : Bye! (Runs out)
Ross : So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
Ross : That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
Ross : Well, is this Hillary your HOT assistant chef Hillary?
Ross : The one that always stares at me when I come in?
Ross : Still I could tell. She was into me. (Joey rolls his eyes.) Well, why don't you set us up?
Ross : Maybe it's a universal thing?
Ross : Hey guys. Chandler and
Ross : What's up? (He smiles. His teeth are freakishly white.)
Ross : I whitened them.
Ross : Yeah. What do you think.
Ross : Come on, seriously.
Ross : Ahh, I-I did leave the gel on a little longer then it said to.
Ross : A-A day.
Ross : I know. That's why I did it. (With a big smile) Come on, are they really that bad?
Ross : Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh...
Ross : I don't know what I'm going to do. That date starts in like an hour.
Ross : Oh great. So all I need to do is get some new skin. Thank you.
Ross : Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. We're not 13 anymore.
Ross : But, won't she notice I have makeup on?
Ross : What??
Ross : No. I am not putting on makeup. (Knock at the door. Phoebe enters.)
Ross : Mmm-Hmm.
Ross : Mmm.
Ross : Mm-Hmm.
Ross : (Chuckling) Hmm-Hmm.
Ross : Mmm-Unmm.
Ross : Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. (Putting his hand up to block his mouth.) Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
Ross : Mmm.
Ross : (Giggling) Hmm-Hmm-Hmm. (Picking up a piece of bread and covering his mouth.) Me, neither. I've had a really good time too, you know. (Putting the bread down.)
Ross : (Putting the bread up to his nose.) Ohh, I just like the smell. (Sniffing it.) Mmmm.
Ross : Hmm-Hmm.
Ross : Mmm-Hmm. (Picking up their wine glasses.)
Ross : (Covering his mouth with the glass.) How about all the way.
Ross : (Looking at the posters.) Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster? (They sit down on the couch. Ross smiles and the black light fluoresces his teeth.) So, ahh, where were we?
Ross : Ohh, you can see them, huh?
Ross : I-I, did that for you.
Ross : What's a matter with me? You've got a black light. It's 1999!
Ross : (only half-paying attention) Yes, of course they like you!
Ross : (not paying attention) Yeah, they don?t like you.
Ross : I dunno, maybe it?s because you?re really sarcastic. Or maybe it?s cause you uh-
Ross : (trying to act manly in front of Janine) No I don?t want to play video games, Joey!
Ross : For real?
Ross : Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it?s my sister. But, uh, uh y?know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : And the place looks so nice!
Ross : Happy Thanksgiving! The
Ross : See ya! [Joey and Ross go to the door, ready to leave.]
Ross : Oh, oh, we did say we?d stop by this little thing Joey?s roommate is having.
Ross : Some would say she?s attractive, yes.
Ross : (to Joey) Dude, we were good!
Ross : Oh, but-but it is, uh, it?s just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.
Ross : Yeah, yeah, what is it?
Ross : W-What was the one right before bananas?
Ross : (faking dissapointment) Okay. [Rachel leaves]
Ross : Beef in a dessert?! I- no no no, there is no way! [Ross goes to look in the magazine Rachel got her recipe from.]
Ross : Oh my God, the pages are stuck together!
Ross : Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd?s Pie!
Ross : No, no, we will. We just won?t tell her she messed up.
Ross : Yeah, it?ll be like a funny Thanksgiving story!
Ross : (worried) Dude, I need to talk to you a sec. [Ross and Chandler get up and go into Rachel?s old room.]
Ross : Okay, I think I might know why my parents don?t like you.
Ross : Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
Ross : I don?t know, aheh, your?s was the first name that-that popped into my head, I?m I?m sorry. I-I didn?t think it would matter.
Ross : How was I supposed to know we?d end up being friends after college, let alone you-you would be living with my sister?
Ross : I don?t know, I-I was all high. Commercial Break
Ross : Okay, okay, I?ll tell ?em it wasn?t Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
Ross : Alright, alright, now-now who should I say tricked me into doing it?
Ross : Okay, fine! [Ross gets up to go tell his parents.] [Joey rushes over.]
Ross : Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can?t? Okay. [Monica and Chandler make ?What was that?? gestures. Joey and Ross go into Rachel?s old room.]
Ross : What?! What is with everybody? It?s Thanksgiving, not...Truth-Day!
Ross : Okay, okay, we?ll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie! (Referring to the dancers.)
Ross : Hey Rach, can I talk to you outside for a second?
Ross : So um...Thanksgiving. The holiday season is upon us, hm?
Ross : And um...You look nice today.
Ross : What?
Ross : (shocked) Eh?
Ross : (cutting her off) You?re alone.
Ross : (just trying to get out of the conversation) Ah well, can?t blame a guy for trying! [Inside Monica and Chandler?s. Joey is almost done explaining the situation to everyone.]
Ross : Wha? No no! Ah! (Ross scarfs all of his trifle down in about a second. He looks like he?s going to throw up.) (Lying) All gone! So good! Maybe Chandler has some left. [Rachel leaves to the balcony.]
Ross : It tastes like feet!
Ross : Are you kidding?
Ross : Oh yeah, about telling Mom and Dad, I was thinking about maybe writing a letter.
Ross : Wha-what?
Ross : (in a 5 year old?s tone) (To Monica) You are such a tattletale! Mom, Dad, you remember that-that time you walked in my room and smelled marijuana? Mr. and Mrs.
Ross : Well I told you it was Chandler who was smoking the pot but it was me. I?m sorry. Mrs.
Ross : Yeah, well, Hurricane Gloria didn?t break the porch swing, Monica did! [The Gellers glare at Monica.] [Joey, Phoebe, and Rachel are sitting at the table, looking at the Geller siblings like they?re weirdos.]
Ross : Monica and Chandler are living together! [The Gellers glare at Monica, shocked] [Monica and Chandler both are shocked. Ross gives Monica a ?take that!? look.]
Ross : I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things! Mrs.
Ross : Hey
Ross : Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
Ross : ... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
Ross : I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS! (Janine enters)
Ross : Hi Janine!
Ross : You're gonna be a party person! Those guys rock the most!
Ross : Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Ross : Are you serious?
Ross : Bye Janine!
Ross : It was a dry day.
Ross : Oh my God!
Ross : Got it! (They get to the main stage)
Ross : Oh my God it's just like I dreamed it!
Ross : 'Scuse us
Ross : Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air? (He and Monica laugh)
Ross : Right. No biggie. Stay loose. (As the camera passes by, they start to dance really rigid, but the camera is facing the other way.)
Ross : Why do they keep doing that?
Ross : Right. (They move towards a platform, dancing really strangely as they go)
Ross : Hey, what'd you guys do to get up on there?
Ross : Yeah! (Camera pans to Joey and Janine)
Ross : We know!
Ross : Okay. (They dance over to him.)
Ross : Monica! (Pause) Would it? (The director shakes his head.)
Ross : Hey, I know what'll get us up on a platform!
Ross : The routine!
Ross : Hey, when the snippy guy sees the routine, he'll wanna build us our own platform!
Ross : We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
Ross : So, do we really have to ask who's going up on the platform next?
Ross : Can you believe this? We're gonna be on the platform for the Millennium moment!
Ross : No!
Ross : Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know? (He mimics a robot)
Ross : I don't know, I mean you were a lot bigger, I mean, stronger back then.
Ross : 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 (Ross runs to be caught by Monica, but she moves out of the way)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : You kissed her.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : You like it?
Ross : It's my new apothecary table!
Ross : Well why not?! She'll-she'll love it! It's the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.
Ross : Why did you do that?
Ross : She hates Pottery Barn?!!
Ross : What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets! (Gets them.)
Ross : Uh, yeah! I still can't believe she hates Pottery Barn!
Ross : Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y'know what I think? It's just she-she's weird. Y'know it's because she's a twin. Twins are weird.
Ross : Huh. Y'know what's not one of a kind? A twin!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?
Ross : Hey Pheebs, could you please not put your feet up on my new...(On Rachel's glare)...old sheet?
Ross : My apothecary table!!!
Ross : I got it at Pottery Barn!! Okay?!
Ross : Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.
Ross : Wow! I didn't know that there was a Pottery Barn up here.
Ross : A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage! Large!
Ross : (glaring at Rachel) Fascinating.
Ross : Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel? (She glares at him.)
Ross : Really?! (To Rachel) Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
Ross : She does want to.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Y'know what would cheer you up?
Ross : I'm giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.
Ross : Hey, you're not going to believe this. I made up a joke and sent it in to Playboy. They printed it!
Ross : Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It's not just about the pictures.
Ross : (showing them the page) Here, check it out. It's the first one, too. (They all laugh indifferently, except Chandler, who's a little angry.)
Ross : What?
Ross : Uh, oh-oh, no you didn't. I did.
Ross : Hey, tell Dan, 'Thanks.' (Rachel is looking at the magazine and laughing.)
Ross : What?
Ross : Look, Chandler, it's my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don't print the name, so it doesn't really matter who gets credit, right?
Ross : No, it's my joke, it's mine. You can call them, they'll tell you.
Ross : It's my joke.
Ross : You know, Barracuda was the first song I learned to play on the keyboard.
Ross : What, you didn't get it? The doctor is a monkey. (He and Chandler crack up.)
Ross : Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
Ross : Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
Ross : Oh, what are you going to do, follow me down there?
Ross : Well, I'm not going to go now anyway (he goes to sit down).
Ross : (showing the Playboy magazine to Gunther) Oh, hey, Gunther, check this out. (Gunther looks at the joke and laughs.)
Ross : Uh, yeah, I'll take a coffee. Thanks, man.
Ross : Yeah, why would it be weird? Hey, Joey, can I get some coffee?
Ross : Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still haven't gotten it.
Ross : Joey, seriously, can I get my coffee?
Ross : It's my joke.
Ross : Y'know, I don't think we're going to settle this.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Hey Mon.
Ross : Monica! (She appears, not sure why she was summoned.)
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah, but I'm your brother. We're family. That's the most important thing in the world.
Ross : We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth-me.
Ross : See, I would never snap at you like that. (Chandler motions to Monica that he'll give her two babies.)
Ross : Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
Ross : It's your joke.
Ross : No way.
Ross : Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn't free?
Ross : Hey does anyone have any gum?
Ross : Y'know what? I'm good! I'm good!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : When you put a 'D' at the end of 'Fine' you're not fine.
Ross : Hi Jill.
Ross : Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
Ross : I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
Ross : Yeah, we went shopping!
Ross : Sorry-sorry Jill.
Ross : Huh? Oh, I got this-(Holds up this pink frilly thing)-this!
Ross : Yeah! Oh, I-I love this babies!
Ross : Ross, wants a Pashmina?
Ross : It's a rug. (Jill winces.)
Ross : Yeah. Everything but, the little blue one. (Holds it up for her.)
Ross : Well. Hey...
Ross : Oh yeah, how about you and the, (mimics her fake cry) "I'm sorry!"
Ross : Oh stop.
Ross : No, you stop!
Ross : (entering) Rach? Hi!
Ross : Did you tell your sister to ask me out?
Ross : Oh wow! I mean, wow! I mean, I-I-I think she's cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!
Ross : Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"
Ross : I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
Ross : (entering) Hi Jill!
Ross : Hi (sees Rachel and forgets her name for a moment).
Ross : Rachel! Well, you-you're not at home, you're-you're-you're right here.
Ross : Okay. So well I'll umm, (To Rachel) I'll have her home by midnight. (Rachel laughs a little too hard as Ross and Jill leave for their date. After they have left, Rachel starts to break down.)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Uhh, it was okay. Yeah, it was fun.
Ross : I guess so.
Ross : No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
Ross : Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
Ross : Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
Ross : Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
Ross : (while Rachel is finishing her rant) Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay. (Rachel stops.) It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
Ross : I mean after tomorrow night.
Ross : Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll-I'll tell her tonight I can't see her anymore.
Ross : You want me to call her right now?
Ross : Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!
Ross : Hey! Uh, Phoebe's not here is she?
Ross : And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there. (They all kinda look at him.)
Ross : Yeah! Good for you Joe!
Ross : You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to... (Opens the door to find Jill standing there.) Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me. (Quickly looks out to see if they're watching.) Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
Ross : Of course, what happened? (Lets her in.)
Ross : Okay, umm...
Ross : What?
Ross : Wow! Really?!
Ross : Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
Ross : Ohh! (He goes into another room to get his projector and notes. While he's gone, Jill quickly checks her makeup. [Cut to Monica and Chandler's, Rachel is entering.]
Ross : Slides are almost ready.
Ross : Uh okay, well there's-there's wine in the kitchen.
Ross : (answering it) Hello?
Ross : O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
Ross : So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
Ross : Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye. (Hangs up the phone and turns to find Jill sitting really close to him.) Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
Ross : (To Rachel) You uh, you may have been right about Jill.
Ross : Umm, she kissed me.
Ross : Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Ross : Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Ross : Oh wait-hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
Ross : Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
Ross : No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
Ross : You're welcome. (Gently kicks her back.) (Chandler starts crying.)
Ross : You take care Jill.
Ross : I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
Ross : The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
Ross : I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay. (That's karate, he's just saying it that way.) Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
Ross : No, I just think Monica was that fat.
Ross : What?!
Ross : Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out? Opening Credits ? {Transcriber's
Ross : (recognizing her) Oh my God! Rachel Green?
Ross : No-no. It's-it's me, Ross!
Ross : No, no-no, Ross Geller.
Ross : Yeah. Right.
Ross : Good-good, I'm-I'm married. (Shows her his ring.)
Ross : Is-isn't it the best?
Ross : Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she's right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.
Ross : Yeah? Oh-oh, she'd be so excited!
Ross : Come on! (They start to leave.)
Ross : No, it's okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don't...
Ross : (putting the magazine back and holding the money for it) Okay.
Ross : Uh-huh. (Steps to a random kid nearby and hands him his money.) Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you. (To Rachel) Okay, let's go see Monica!
Ross : Hey Mon!
Ross : Mon, look who I ran into! (Gestures towards Rachel.)
Ross : And, and uh, you-you remember my friend Chandler. (Points to him.)
Ross : And that's Phoebe over there! (Points to her.)
Ross : (answering it) 1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
Ross : Sometimes, you should come over (Joey returns from the bathroom) sometime! I'll play you one of my other...
Ross : (To Rachel) Hey-hey, or I could bring my keyboard over here sometime!
Ross : Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
Ross : Well umm, I've been doing a lot more of my kara-tay.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Well, last weekend...
Ross : ...will be two months...
Ross : ...since I stopped trying.
Ross : What-what do you mean?
Ross : Oh.
Ross : Wow!
Ross : Okay, I think I got it.
Ross : So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.
Ross : Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
Ross : Carol our sex life is-it's just not working...
Ross : Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
Ross : Yay! (To Carol) Seriously, our sex life... I was thinking, maybe I don't know, we could try some-some new things. Y'know? For fun?
Ross : Well I don't know umm, (Pause) what if we were too tie each other up? (Carol's shocked and obviously doesn't like that idea.) Umm, some people eat stuff off one another. (Carol doesn't like that idea either.) Nah! Umm, y'know we-we could try dirty talk? (Carol still says no.) Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.
Ross : Come on. (Helps her into bed as her phone rings.) I got it.
Ross : I got it!
Ross : (on the phone) Hello? (Listens.) No she can't come to the phone right now. (Listens.) Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye. (Hangs up.)
Ross : J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.
Ross : (To Monica) Yeah, she's fired.
Ross : So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find...
Ross : Oh. (He takes the notepad she was using and looks at it.) Wow! (Flips to another page.) Huh. (Flips another page.) Boy! (Flips another page.) Well, someone's been doing their homework. (Flips two more pages.)
Ross : Oh, I know. (Laughs) Y'know, just-just talking about it is getting me kinda...
Ross : Yeah? Well, I-I think Ben's asleep.
Ross : Yeah. Right. Save it. I can do that. (Gets up and does a little kara-tay.)
Ross : Hey, Pheebs!
Ross : Hey, how's it going?
Ross : She doesn't know she was fired yet, does she?
Ross : Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.
Ross : We're really gonna do this, huh?
Ross : Y'know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at... (A knock on the door interrupts him.)
Ross : Okay.
Ross : I'm-I'm Ross by the way.
Ross : How hot is this?!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Look at you! You're up!
Ross : Hey Joe did... Did you ever have a threesome?
Ross : No! The reason I'm asking is that... I sorta had one last night.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : It was, it was okay.
Ross : Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
Ross : Oh-oh, absolutely! (They both laugh.)
Ross : It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
Ross : Not-not really. Th-th-there was just Carol.
Ross : No, she kept kicking me away!
Ross : No!
Ross : Oh I a lot of stuff!
Ross : A little. Yeah. I made a snack.
Ross : Just a sandwich. Turkey, a little mustard...
Ross : It really was!
Ross : Hey Rachel.
Ross : Umm, no.
Ross : That-that's always good news. Are you okay?
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Okay. (He does so.)
Ross : We're sorry.
Ross : Didn't you spend last night at Joey's?
Ross : Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
Ross : Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
Ross : Men. I guy I know.
Ross : She is not... (Realizes) She's gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can't believe this.
Ross : I'm sorry your husband cheated on you.
Ross : Try telling my wife that.
Ross : Hey, remember when I had a monkey?
Ross : Yeah, what, what was I thinking?
Ross : What's up with the greed Joe?
Ross : Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
Ross : Oh, wait! Wait! Don't you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you'll get that job!
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Hey, what have you guys been up to?
Ross : Wow!
Ross : After one class? I don't think so.
Ross : Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call (he holds two fingers up to his temple, and he does this every time he says this word) unagi.
Ross : No, it's a concept!
Ross : All right, maybe it means that too...
Ross : Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
Ross : Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
Ross : (moves closer) All I'm saying is, it's one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don't know, like a (turns and puts his face close to Rachel's and screams) surprise!! (Rachel calmly wipes the spittle off her face.)
Ross : All right, you know that one was coming, but that doesn't mean you have unagi. (Does the finger thing.)
Ross : Y'know what... (Moves away as Chandler enters, panicked.)
Ross : No.
Ross : So what are you gonna do?
Ross : DANGER!!! DANGER!!!!! (They both scream and jump away.)
Ross : A lesson in the importance of unagi. (He starts doing the finger thing every time now.)
Ross : Perhaps. Now I'm curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?
Ross : I'm sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I-look, I just want you guys to be safe. (Monica comes out to throw out the garbage and Ross screams...) DANGER!!!!! (She completely ignores him and keeps walking.) Ahhh, huh? Unagi.
Ross : (not turning around) Chandler. I sensed it was you.
Ross : Unagi. I'm always aware.
Ross : What's up?
Ross : Oh, why don't you make her one of your little jokes.
Ross : Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this. (Picks up a model of the Saturn V rocket, that's the one that took man to the moon.) Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
Ross : Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn't actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely. (Apollo 8 was the first one that orbited the moon and the one that read the Christmas Story from the orbit of the moon on Christmas Eve, 1968. They also took the famous Earthrise picture of the Earth rising over the moon.)
Ross : Why not?
Ross : Oh. (Chandler leaves dejectedly. When the door closes Rachel and Phoebe jump out from behind the curtains and scream...) Phoebe and
Ross : It's not something you are! It's something you have!
Ross : Y'know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt! (Rachel yanks on his legs again and he groans in pain.)
Ross : It's a great class. The
Ross : Yeah, yeah, I was watching. (The instructor just nods and walks away.) Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next? The
Ross : No. No-no. No. What would you do next? The
Ross : Yes that's right. The
Ross : I tired attacking two women, did not work. The
Ross : No, I mean it's okay, I mean, they're-they're my friends. In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them. The
Ross : Oh, no! No-no! No, I tired! But I couldn't. That's why I'm here. Maybe we could attack them together? (He glares at him.) That-that's a no.
Ross : Ah-ha, nowhere to run! (He starts to run towards them.) [Cut to Central Perk, Phoebe and Rachel are sitting up by the window because two guys have their couch.]
Ross : DANGER!!!!
Ross : Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
Ross : Oh, I wish I knew, but the evaluations are all anonymous.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : It's a girl! Anyway, it wou-it wouldn't matter. Okay? Because I'm a teacher and she's a student.
Ross : No, but it is frowned upon.
Ross : Besides, there's a big age difference.
Ross : I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
Ross : (startled) Yeah?
Ross : Oh thank you. Thanks very much. (Leans up against the board and on a thumbtack.) Ow! (He pulls away.)
Ross : That was you?
Ross : Oh I, I don't-I don't think that would be the best idea.
Ross : What time?
Ross : Gotcha. (Starts to leave.)
Ross : Oh! So-so seriously, what time?
Ross : What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.
Ross : Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone's name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.
Ross : Umm, no. No.
Ross : Umm, it's Cutie McPretty.
Ross : Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I'm having a great time! Y'know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it's not. I mean it's not at all.
Ross : (pushing Elizabeth into a doorway) Burt!
Ross : We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age. (Joey makes the international sign for big boobies.) (To Monica) A concept lost on some people!
Ross : Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
Ross : Yeah. What-what should I do?
Ross : Going out with who?
Ross : Oh yeah! Wasn't she uh... (Does the international sign for big boobies.)
Ross : What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?
Ross : Oh, you have some studying to do?
Ross : Y'know I remember when uh, when I was in college, we used to... (He sees some of his colleagues enter and puts his head on her lap.)
Ross : Nothing, I'm-I'm just, I'm so comfortable with you!
Ross : What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?
Ross : What?! No! No! Wait! You're right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There's nothing wrong with that. Come on. (They get up and go over to the table where his colleagues are sitting.) Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.
Ross : That's right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we're dating. And you may frown upon that, but we're not gonna hide it anymore.
Ross : What?
Ross : Really? Its not just frowned upon?
Ross : Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
Ross : I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
Ross : What?
Ross : Really?
Ross : Well I-I-I don't care how hot it is it's-it's uh, it's wrong.
Ross : (feeling it too) No! No! It's wrong! It's-it's-it's naughty. It's taboo.
Ross : Let's also get a hot plate! (They start making out again.) Ending Credits ?
Ross : Hey everybody!
Ross : Hey uh, this is Elizabeth.
Ross : Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house. (He winks at her.)
Ross : Bye. (They kiss.)
Ross : Oh that is quite all right ma'am. (Elizabeth exits.)
Ross : Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.
Ross : Anyone else? Huh? Bring 'em on!
Ross : I don't know Rachel, why?
Ross : Well thanks!
Ross : Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Ross : Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
Ross : Hmm? (Turns around and sees that its Elizabeth) Oh, a student I don't know.
Ross : Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be regarding?
Ross : Shh! (Laughs then composes himself) Of course, why don't we go inside? (They go inside and Ross closes the door. When he turns around Elizabeth walks up to him, pushes him back against the door, and starts kissing him.)
Ross : Oh-ooh!
Ross : Doorknob! Doorknob!
Ross : Oh, okay. What-what about?
Ross : Spring vacation.
Ross : (quickly jumping away from Elizabeth) Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger... I'll be with you in one moment. (To Elizabeth) So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints. (And he ushers Elizabeth out of the office.)
Ross : You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
Ross : I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?
Ross : What the hell are you doing?
Ross : What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!
Ross : Joey, I did not break this! Okay? (He opens the freezer and smells inside and recoils in disgust.) That has been broken for a while.
Ross : Do not give him any money!
Ross : Yes. Yes! Please, come in. (She does so, he closes the door, and she pushes him against the doorknob again.)
Ross : Oo-oo!
Ross : Yeah, it kinda grows on you. (They both laugh.) Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.
Ross : Look, I... (He has trouble sitting in his chair.) Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
Ross : No. I think you misunderstood what I was saying. What I meant was...
Ross : That! Let's talk about that.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
Ross : What's-what's the difference?
Ross : Hey, y'know what? Not all spring breaks are like that.
Ross : I went to Egypt with my dad.
Ross : Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!" (Imitates the party noise.) All right? I mean she's taken my class!
Ross : I'm gonna call her.
Ross : Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
Ross : Okay, she can't go.
Ross : Then what am I supposed to do?
Ross : Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
Ross : I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
Ross : Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
Ross : Are you into crafts at all?
Ross : Well, yeah, of-of course I'm okay! What? I'm just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and (notices something) what-what is uh, what's this? (He holds up a rather skimpy bathing suit.)
Ross : To wear in front of people?
Ross : Is this?!
Ross : So uh, have a great time down there.
Ross : Yeah. And did you, did you pack that bathing suit?
Ross : It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Ross : Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
Ross : Really?
Ross : Okay. Cool.
Ross : Call me! Ending Credits ?
Ross : ? Excuse me?
Ross : You're right, you're right, it is.
Ross : ? So you gonna invite us all to the big opening? [Cut back to Joey about to leave for his audition for Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.]
Ross : It's your turn.
Ross : Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn't go well but it really did go well?
Ross : Totally!
Ross : Great!
Ross : Wow!
Ross : Oh, I love that guy! (Laughs.)
Ross : (stops laughing) What am I doing?
Ross : Look, don't worry. Okay? You're gonna be fine.
Ross : Yeah, none of us have to deal with pressure at our jobs. [Thus starts another series of flashbacks all dealing with the pressure the rest of the Friends have to deal with in their jobs. The first flashback is from The One With The Stoned Guy.]
Ross : ? Oh my God!
Ross : You ate my sandwich? Dr.
Ross : (getting upset) Oh-oh really? Dr.
Ross : (jumping to his feet in anger) What? Dr.
Ross : You-you-you-you (trying to remain in control) threw my sandwich away! [Cut to an outside shot of the museum.]
Ross : ? (losing control, we hear him shout outside) MY SANDWICH?!!! [Cut to a shot of a park.]
Ross : MY SANDWICH!!!!!! (Ross's scream scares a flight of pigeons away.) [Cut back to Central Perk.]
Ross : What?
Ross : What?
Ross : Yes, yes it is. In prison! [Cut back to the present.]
Ross : It took two people to break up this relationship!!
Ross : I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
Ross : I fell asleep!
Ross : It was
Ross : (starts to cry) FINE BY ME!! (he opens the door and traps Chandler behind it)
Ross : That'll be a neat trick, when you're, (looks at the script) when you're dead!
Ross : There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.
Ross : Thank you! And I have to say that first scene when you meet Mac...
Ross : Oh my God. I mean...
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : What are you guys doing later?
Ross : (continuing) I just found out that Elizabeth's dad wants to meet me.
Ross : Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
Ross : Thanks!
Ross : It-it's great to meet you Paul.
Ross : Of course, of course, Mr. Stevens.
Ross : Eh-wh-Excuse me?
Ross : That's funny. Umm.... (Pause, then serious) It's not funny.
Ross : Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.
Ross : What?
Ross : This is-you-(Ross starts laughing.)
Ross : Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I've been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student-I mean I not-not it! I mean, I mean I don't-We haven't done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we've-we've-we've done stuff. (Paul is not amused.) Okay, okay, a joke, a joke-lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.
Ross : And the Irish guy wins the joke! (Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe enter.)
Ross : Oh God, thank you! (Runs and gives all of them a group hug.) Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
Ross : Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees-(He goes to pull out Elizabeth's chair, but Paul steps in)-Yeah, why don't you. (Paul pulls out her chair) Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head. (He turns his back to Paul and Elizabeth and points to himself for Chandler, Monica, and Phoebe. Then he goes to order the coffee.)
Ross : (returning with the coffee) Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth. (He sets down their cups.) So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
Ross : Joey?!
Ross : Joey?! Joey!! (He runs into his bedroom.)
Ross : Okay, I'll just wait for him in here!
Ross : (coming out of the bedroom) Oh! Oh my God! I didn't even see you!
Ross : What-what-what the-how da-how did-what the-how did-what?!
Ross : (incredulous) In your mouth?!
Ross : You were at the coffeehouse!
Ross : He is my girlfriend's father, okay? It's-it's, it's weird!
Ross : That was different!
Ross : This is weird for me!
Ross : How is that important?
Ross : Yeah, take your time. (Rachel heads for the bathroom.)
Ross : (to Paul) Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
Ross : Not all bad.
Ross : Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
Ross : No! No! Not-I don't mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who's umm six and I still think of him as a baby.
Ross : Yeah, well my-my ex-wife and I share custody of Ben and umm, uh, and just so you know, Carol and I are on excellent terms as I'm sure you are with your wife! (Realizes) Oh, I'm sorry! (To Elizabeth) It's unbelievable!
Ross : You're back.
Ross : Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
Ross : God no!
Ross : Well if it doesn't matter to her, it doesn't matter to me! (to Paul) Still not yelling!
Ross : That's okay, I'm not so crazy about myself right now either.
Ross : Uh yeah, I guess-Yeah! I guess so.
Ross : Ohhh! Kids!
Ross : That's okay Rach, we're not liking Ross right now.
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Thanks? But I have plans; Elizabeth and I are going out of town.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Why? What?
Ross : No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
Ross : Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to yell sweet nothings (Paul enters) in his ear. (And walks up right behind Ross, and standard sitcom joke 2B follows with the person being insulted standing right behind the person doing the insulting while the rest of the people become frightened and try to warn the insulter about the insultee's presence.)
Ross : Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and... (Paul reveals his presence by laughing, thus concluding standard sitcom joke 2B. Paul then pulls Ross aside to have a little chat with him and tells the rest of the group that he'll just be one second.)
Ross : Really? That okay, that's great.
Ross : All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.
Ross : But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don't think there's really anything you can do about it.
Ross : Ohh! A man with a plan! Opening Credits ?
Ross : This place is really beautiful!
Ross : Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes-Do-do you want to make out?
Ross : Ehh, I was just, I was just thinking about your father.
Ross : No. No-no uh, he just, he just really freaked me out before.
Ross : Yeah. (They start making out again.)
Ross : (loudly) Why?! Are there like bears or something?! (Looks around and then sees that Elizabeth is shaking her head no and realizes what Elizabeth meant.) Ohh. Oh, protection. Yeah-no, yeah-no, that-that-that I forgot.
Ross : Oh no! Hey-hey, I'm the guy! I'll get it.
Ross : No.
Ross : A little bit.
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Ohh, okay. (Elizabeth leaves and Ross starts to remove his clothing right there in the middle of the living room where someone can see him. Of course, someone almost does, but he hears a door opening and...)
Ross : What are you doing here?!
Ross : Yeah, I recognize the ankles!
Ross : (under the couch) You and your ice.
Ross : (before entering) Did you really hear a bear?
Ross : Elizabeth! (He opens one of the bed stands that he has curled himself up into.) Okay. Okay. (She helps him out.) I'm gonna go out this window. (Points to the window next to him.) I'll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you're going home, okay?
Ross : (to Elizabeth) And that is why we cannot see each other anymore.
Ross : Okay, please-please Paul, just let me explain...
Ross : All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a neat guy. (Paul just looks at him.)
Ross : And I too am just a love machine. (Hums a little bit and mimics Paul's flexing.)
Ross : Oh perfect, we were just gonna see if you wanted to go.
Ross : How rude.
Ross : Hi! (They shake hands and their lines overlap.)
Ross : Great to see you!
Ross : How you doing?
Ross : Okay! You take care! (Ross turns his back on Paul and makes a 'I hate that guy' face. Paul does the same thing.)
Ross : Hey Pheebs, what-what was the deal with you and Chandler blowing us off before?
Ross : Phoebe, why'd you do it?
Ross : What?! Why?!
Ross : I can't think of anything.
Ross : Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didn't invite him to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?
Ross : I guess it could.
Ross : Well, if he's angry, he really shouldn't just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.
Ross : Hey, remember how Chandler and Phoebe blew us off yesterday?
Ross : Remember? You-you were eating pizza.
Ross : Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
Ross : Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Ross : Oh. (Starts to get his money)
Ross : All the time?
Ross : Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
Ross : What?!
Ross : I can't believe it. (Pause) Can I tell you something? I'm a little mad at him now.
Ross : Y'know what? He didn't want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don't talk to him at all!
Ross : That's right!
Ross : Eh? We'll show him!
Ross : Wait a minute, is this, is this for real?
Ross : So you two are really serious?!
Ross : You-you're gonna get married?! I mean... We're gonna be brothers-in-law! (They hug.)
Ross : Hey-hey Pheebs!
Ross : Chandler's gonna ask Monica to marry him!
Ross : You told her before you told us?
Ross : God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever!
Ross : Yeah, you didn't get one.
Ross : Hey! (Monica's entrance makes Phoebe try to hide the ring by putting it in her mouth.)
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Oh no, I have plans with Elizabeth.
Ross : I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp-to be a counselor!
Ross : I don't know.
Ross : Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way?
Ross : Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
Ross : Yeah, yeah you have the ring?
Ross : (to the rest of them) Yeah-yeah you guys. Get out of here! (Monica enters from the bedroom.)
Ross : What's-what's going on?
Ross : Oh, you have to call the police! That's what I did to the kids in my building!
Ross : Oh! (Does a laugh/groan.) Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it's supposed to be excellent. The director is the same...
Ross : No! Okay! Okay! (Stops her.) Okay, look, can I, can I just-just talk to you for a second?
Ross : Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It's-it's gotten great reviews! Y'know the uh... (Suddenly the door opens and two guys come rushing in wielding water balloons.) First Dorm
Ross : (screaming) Everybody put their balloons down!!! (There is a temporary cease fire.) Now this is a nice suit!! (Shows everyone where he was hit.)
Ross : Oh my God, you guys!! (He's excited about what he thought happened.)
Ross : Who?
Ross : What? (Excited) A-ohh! (Realizes) Ohh. Oh that's right that's right. That's Richard's favorite place too.
Ross : Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight.
Ross : Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
Ross : Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I'm-I'm 12 years older than she is.
Ross : Hmm.
Ross : Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she's-she's sweet and pretty and...
Ross : No! No! I...didn't do that. It's just... Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
Ross : I've got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.
Ross : (in his head) Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn't seem too immature for me! Did I just make a huge mistake?
Ross : Elizabeth, thank God! I was just thinking about...
Ross : What?! (She throws a water balloon at him and hits him on the head and hits him again at the waist with another one.)
Ross : Okay, break-up's still on!
Ross : What happened you guys? (There's a knock on the door, he shuts the TV off, and answers it.)
Ross : Rach!
Ross : Hey, come on in.
Ross : Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we'd be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Ross : I guess so.
Ross : Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup.
Ross : Ohh, yeah I already have one.
Ross : Phoebe.
Ross : Ohh, I don't think so.
Ross : That's impossible! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we shook on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that.
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Phoebe, how could you do this to me?!
Ross : I was not!
Ross : No! Pick me! I don't want to end up an old maid!
Ross : Ooh, I wanna switch to Rachel too! (Rachel gets all happy.)
Ross : All right.
Ross : Hey, what?s going on?
Ross : I found a note on my door, "Come to Monica?s quick, bring champagne and a Three Musketeers bar."
Ross : What?s up?
Ross : Oh my God. (Hugs Chandler.) Congratulations.
Ross : Where is she? [Cut to Monica out on the balcony.]
Ross : Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I?m gay! I?m gay!" Can I bring her in?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Wow! Happy Monica?s night!
Ross : Thanks.
Ross : Well sure. But I get married all the time so?
Ross : You okay?
Ross : You mean, we?you and me?
Ross : Oh good, you scared me for a minute.
Ross : I mean?no, it?s just ?cause, it?s just ?cause you and I were like a nightmare. (Screams.) No, but there was some good times.
Ross : Surely you can think of something good.
Ross : What?
Ross : Yeah? I was good at the stuff huh?
Ross : My hands?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : (to his hands) Way to go guys. Y?know, you-you were really good at the stuff too.
Ross : A what?
Ross : One night, just-just sex. No strings attached?
Ross : No. [Silence.]
Ross : Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I?m-I?m sure it would be amazing but I?gotta say I really-really don?t think it would be a good idea. Y?know? I really, really?don?t.
Ross : Okay, Monica. Mon, uh what-what you just saw?
Ross : It is! It is!
Ross : Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : It was just a kiss. (Phoebe enters and overhears this.)
Ross : Look let?s not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn?t even matter! (Chandler and Joey enter and overhear that.)
Ross : Oh no!
Ross : And; people thinking it?s huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder. (To Monica) Which we are not!
Ross : Guess who? (Enters fully.)
Ross : Hey, I just realized we kinda let some stuff up in the air?
Ross : Still thinking about it huh?
Ross : (loosening his tie) Oh, who cares?
Ross : (tightening his tie) And so do I.
Ross : Okay. Sure. (Sits down on her bed.)
Ross : (sitting up) No! (Exits.)
Ross : (To Rachel) Hey, here?s a thought. (Rachel ignores him and follows Monica into the kitchen.)
Ross : Got me. (He shows of his hands.)
Ross : Uh, Rachel, I?ve been thinking. I don?t think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I?m calling it off.
Ross : Look uh, if we?re gonna do this?
Ross : Oh, I see, so everybody wins. (There?s a knock on the door.)
Ross : Oww!
Ross : (deadpan) Well, I?m going to take off. (To Chandler) Congratulations man.
Ross : (at the door) And uh, Rachel.
Ross : What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who?s going to enjoy these bad boys (holds up his hands) is me. (Quickly realizes what he said and exits disgustedly.) Ending Credits
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Oh, I'll have some!
Ross : Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
Ross : Oh my God, the wedding book?! I haven't seen that since the forth grade!
Ross : And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at... (Phoebe rushes in.)
Ross : Phoebe, oh my God! Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
Ross : Oh my God! Of course, of course. (To the class.) Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you... (Motions that they should learn everyone's hometown.) (To Phoebe) Wh-what's going on?
Ross : Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Ross : Phoebe, you said it was urgent!
Ross : Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?
Ross : Uh, Phoebe...
Ross : Phoebe, what are you doing?
Ross : Phoebe!
Ross : Phoebe, you can't massage people in my apartment!
Ross : And they knew about it?
Ross : Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!
Ross : The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
Ross : Hello.
Ross : Uh no-no, she-she's out for the night.
Ross : Can I, can I help you with something?
Ross : (deadpan) Yes I am.
Ross : Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you. (He does so, very gingerly.) Ohh, that's soft. (He starts poking him and notices his salad spoons and starts to massage him with those.)
Ross : (sitting down) Hey, what are you guys, what are you guys talking about?
Ross : (takes a drink) Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins? (Joey and he both laugh.)
Ross : So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
Ross : (chases her) Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines! (Realizes a table of women overheard him.) (To that table.) 'Sup?
Ross : (looking at the table) Excuse me ladies. (To Phoebe) I'm sorry?
Ross : (incredulous) I gave him an extremely professional massage!
Ross : Okay, so it wasn't uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopsticks. And, and I gently exfoliated him with, with a mop.
Ross : Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
Ross : He said he liked that!! Oh you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
Ross : His daughter was hot.
Ross : About what?
Ross : Well, you-you?ve always had glasses.
Ross : Are you sure?
Ross : (entering from the bathrooms) Hey Chandler, what are you doing tonight?
Ross : No, why?
Ross : My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.
Ross : Yeah and he didn?t really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.
Ross : No, I-I thought it would be more fun this way.
Ross : Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : You?re not a lefty?
Ross : Oh, we have to get you an engagement present?
Ross : No one got me an engagement present.
Ross : Two! I?ve been engaged twice!
Ross : (entering with Chandler) Hey.
Ross : Well I had a great time! Umm, Chancy on the other hand?
Ross : And what did he ask you not to call him?
Ross : Over here. (You can see Ross sitting at the far wall.) Mr.
Ross : ?Cause otherwise they?d have to call it the room room.
Ross : Now, I know you wanted to bond with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?
Ross : Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
Ross : Then how did you get caught in the barbed wire?
Ross : You were trying to eat it! (The phone rings.)
Ross : Whoa-whoa, aren?t you a little over dressed?
Ross : (To Rachel) Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an engagement present?
Ross : Thank you!
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Yeeeeeep? Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad?s boat she wouldn?t let me help at all.
Ross : You have to respect the sea! (Storms off.)
Ross : Let?s give it a shot.
Ross : Ohh, these are pretty good.
Ross : Which one was that?
Ross : Oh yeah! Batch 17 was good. I did not like batch 16. (Burps a little bit.) I?m okay.
Ross : Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh? (Grabs a cookie and takes a big bite out of it and doesn?t like it.) It?s batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way! (Gets up and runs for the bathroom.)
Ross : Looking up?
Ross : Aww, Pheeb, come on isn?t there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
Ross : That?s the day you?re gonna die? See?darnit, I?ve got shuffleboard that day.
Ross : Ohhhh?
Ross : It wasn?t the best.
Ross : Well, the lighting was okay.
Ross : Oh great! That means I?m stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there (Points to the TV) and you were sittin? right here! Whoa!" (Phoebe gets up.)
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Oh, nothin? much. Just trying to figure out what I?m gonna do for dinner.
Ross : (notices the table) Hey?Ooh! What?s-what?s that, dinner stuff? You making dinner?
Ross : What you got over there? Tacos?
Ross : Uhh, those are tacos.
Ross : Eh, either way I?ll pass. (Quietly to Chandler) I still can?t eat those. (Monica is getting something out of the fridge and starts laughing.) What?s so funny?!
Ross : (To Chandler) You told her!
Ross : (To Monica) Look, okay-okay I had food poisoning! It?s not like I choose to do it! It?s not like?It?s not like I said, "Umm, what would make this ride more fun?!"
Ross : (To Chandler) How could you tell her?!
Ross : Oh really? Well I-I guess Monica should know about Atlantic City.
Ross : Well, Chandler and I are in a bar?
Ross : And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay? So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing. Now, I know what you?re thinking, Chandler?s not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you?re right, Chandler?s not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with?girls.
Ross : Oh Mon, I laughed so hard?
Ross : Whatever dude, you kissed a guy. Commercial Break
Ross : All right! All right! Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice look-a-like contest and won!
Ross : Oh, is that funny?! Oh, you-you find that funny?! Well maybe Chandler should know some of your secrets too!
Ross : Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she?d made.
Ross : Monica couldn?t tell time ?til she was 13!
Ross : Ohh! Ohh! In college, Chandler got drunk and slept with the lady who cleaned our dorm!
Ross : Whatever dude, you kissed a guy.
Ross : And in my defense, the cleaning lady came on to me!
Ross : And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
Ross : Okay, (gets up) if you?ll excuse me, I-I?m gonna go hang out with some people who don?t know the Space Mountain story.
Ross : Man! (Monica mouths, "I?m sorry.")
Ross : (To Chandler) Dude, that reverse lay-up! Oh?
Ross : Amazing!
Ross : Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.
Ross : It?s not a club.
Ross : Hey, divorced men are not bad men!
Ross : Soon he?ll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.
Ross : Maybe I should open a divorced men?s club.
Ross : I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.
Ross : I like this one. (Points to it.) It seems to say, "I love you and that?s why I have to kill you."
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : What?! No!
Ross : Look, I don?t think so Pheebs. (Pause) All right, I?ll do it. But just because you?re a friend. (Grabs the tickets and heads to divert Whitney.)
Ross : All right! I want my key back!
Ross : It?s right there! (Points to her hand.)
Ross : Look, I?m sorry but you-you-you better go Pheebs.
Ross : Oh yeah?No?You?re welcome. We?ll talk about it later.
Ross : Hi Whitney.
Ross : Yep. (Phoebe slams the door shut.) Okay.
Ross : (opens the door and to Whitney) Hi! I?m sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.
Ross : Okay. (Closes the door.) (To Phoebe) I did divert her and we ended up having a great time! Okay?
Ross : Yes! That?s where we realized we were both super cool people!
Ross : Like what?
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Fine! Thank you for warning me. At breakfast I?ll be on full alert for room painting and sex weapons.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband?s gonna say that stuff. Now, if you?ll excuse me?
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay?and F.Y.I she must?ve shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don?t give a tiny rat?s ass."
Ross : Well, I don?t think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that?s just because I am not emotionally unavailable!
Ross : I think he can be.
Ross : Well, excuse her for knowing what she wants to do with her life!
Ross : (angrily) I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apologized! What more do you want?!!
Ross : So do we!! So do we!! (Ross notices a couple has been staring at them.) I?m sorry you had to see that.
Ross : My God!
Ross : Well maybe she wouldn?t have to be selfish in bed if someone else knew where everything was!
Ross : Wh-what?s up?
Ross : Oh just say it Kyle!
Ross : (To Whitney) Y?know, he hums when he pees!
Ross : It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.
Ross : That?s all right, we-we don?t need you. In fact, hey I?m over it already.
Ross : (To Phoebe) I?m sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y?know, she did try to use sex as a weapon! Yeah, I hurt my back a little.
Ross : Yeah, were better off without them.
Ross : Divorced men?s club.
Ross : Joey, we just saw it!
Ross : And it?ll be cool to see it again! Yeah! Joey and
Ross : Die Hard!!!!!!
Ross : Dude, you didn?t say Die Hard. Is everything okay?
Ross : Well, John McLane had plans!
Ross : What happened?!!
Ross : We fell asleep! That is all.
Ross : I think that would be best.
Ross : Okay. But not about this!
Ross : No touch! No touch!
Ross : Wow, this cologne really is every bit as good as Georgio.
Ross : Just uh, brought back your videos.
Ross : No! No we don?t!
Ross : I? I don?t know what you are talking about.
Ross : I?ve had better.
Ross : All right! All right! It was the best nap ever!
Ross : I?ve said it! Okay?! But it?s over Joey!
Ross : We can?t do it again.
Ross : Because it?s weird!
Ross : Sure, what do you got?
Ross : No, 10 is the highest.
Ross : Because it?s the highest. (Joey shrugs his shoulders) Okay, Rachel you?re up first. (Rachel stands up and gets ready.) Situation No.
Ross : Yes, very nice Rachel.
Ross : (playing the drunk uncle) When Monica was a little girl, I remember that?(Phoebe screams and tackles him)?Ooh!! Ow! Very good!
Ross : It is time for you to give your maid of honor speech.
Ross : Go!
Ross : Yeah, it really was!
Ross : Okay Phoebe, I guess you?re next (To Joey) although I really don?t see the point.
Ross : I?m sorry Rach, it was, it was really close.
Ross : Actually, it wasn?t that close.
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Why-why would I care about that?
Ross : It really was. (Suddenly Rachel clears her throat and the camera cuts to the rest of the gang staring at them. Needless to say Joey and Ross are shocked and slowly turn their heads to see the gang.)
Ross : Okay, okay take a guess. (An old woman pushes a cart full of books past.)
Ross : Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y?know-y?know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It?s here! Yeah, it?s right-it?s right down here! In the biggest library in the university! (They start heading that way, towards a secluded section behind the racks.)
Ross : (stopping quickly) Oh umm, there?s also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina. (They both laugh, but stop when the hear moaning coming from the next aisle.) What is that?
Ross : People are doing it in front of my book!
Ross : My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin? babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
Ross : Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
Ross : Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it?s like uh-a thing!
Ross : Oh for cryin? out loud! (He storms out.)
Ross : Excuse me. Hi, I?m a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437? The
Ross : No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?! (The librarian brings his boss over.) The Head
Ross : Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it. The Head
Ross : Well, fine. Fine! If-if I?m the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I?ll go up there and defend it myself! (Starts to do so, but stops and to the previous librarian) And don?t you follow me!
Ross : Yes? Yes?! How can I help you?
Ross : Oh-oh, you?re-you?re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps, (Grabs a book from the shelf behind him) perhaps Dr. Chester Stock?s musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
Ross : Ah? Ah?Get out of here! (The couple retreats. Ross starts looking through the previously mentioned book as a beautiful woman walks into the section.) Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion?s views on evolution?
Ross : I find Marion?s views far to progressionist.
Ross : I?m a professor here uh, Ross?Geller.
Ross : Yes! You?re the person who checked out my book?!
Ross : Well I uh, I skipped forth grade. [Time Lapse, Ross and the woman are now in a state of partial undress and are standing in front of the head librarian with two security guards watching them.]
Ross : I am very?very sorry.
Ross : (to the guard) Don?t sweat it, I?ve got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I?ve got this little baby (Turns on a mini-flashlight) to shine in people?s eye?(The guard walks away)?Okay, see you later. (Ross resumes his patrol when his best friend and sister walk up and start to take off their coats, but they stop when they see him.)
Ross : (entering) Hey everybody! Happy Thanksgiving!
Ross : What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?
Ross : What? That's like insanely easy!
Ross : What? You forgot fourteen states?
Ross : Wow, how many have you got?
Ross : Done! With time a-to-spare.
Ross : You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
Ross : What? That's impossible.
Ross : No, just give me another minute.
Ross : This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
Ross : You're on!
Ross : Pshhshhh!
Ross : Phoebe, why is your bag moving?
Ross : Ohio!! Thank you! [Time lapse, Chandler and Monica enter.]
Ross : What dog? There-there's no dog here.
Ross : Are you out of your mind?
Ross : Right, they are scary. (He jumps up, screaming) Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
Ross : It's too cold.
Ross : (to Phoebe) It hurts my teeth.
Ross : How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
Ross : Damn, I forgot you were here.
Ross : Hey! What's she doing back here?
Ross : Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...
Ross : Yeah, but, but look what I'm...
Ross : Um, in Phoebe's room. You can't go in there.
Ross : Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.
Ross : No. No, no. She doesn't want to see you right now.
Ross : Because you sent away the dog!
Ross : Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend?Phyllis?take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
Ross : From you? (He does a weird desperate laughter, like he's almost crying) Yes, please!
Ross : I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving. [Joey stands up again. Rachel enters the door]
Ross : Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
Ross : Tag? Y-You're going? (Comes over to Tag) Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
Ross : Ah, what good are you. (Walks back to his map dejectedly.) [Rachel and Tag go into the hall.]
Ross : Delaware! (Starting to cry.) Delaware!
Ross : (hands Chandler his pad and walks in) I want my turkey now!
Ross : (pauses) I know.
Ross : You sure?
Ross : No-no, one daddy, two mommies. All right, it?s all yours. (Ross pushes him off.)
Ross : Yes! Yes! Yes!! (Everyone stands and claps.)
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : (shocked) What?!
Ross : Ohh.
Ross : That is so unfair!
Ross : Mine stole my newspaper! It?s like a crime wave!! (Monica runs to make more candy.) Pheebs, you uh, you got a second.
Ross : Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I couldn?t stop thinking about it. I mean, everyone should have a-a first bike, so? (He goes out into the hall and re-enters with a bike exactly like the one Phoebe described earlier.)
Ross : You like it?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Ahh.
Ross : Ah! (She hugs him.) Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y?know give it a test ride.
Ross : (stunned at the complement) You?re welcome.
Ross : Phoebe really likes the bike huh?
Ross : Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times? [Cut to outside, they?re going to talk to Phoebe about walking the bike.]
Ross : Pheebs you uh?you do know how to ride a bike don?t you?
Ross : Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you?ll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready?Set?
Ross : Phoebe, you can?t get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Ross : Well?In-in case of emergency.
Ross : Well let there?what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I?ll sh?I?ll shoot you."
Ross : Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and?Hey! I?ll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
Ross : No!
Ross : I swear!
Ross : Come on. (She gets on the bike.) All right, here we go. All right? (They start.)
Ross : All right. Feel good?
Ross : All right, try pedaling.
Ross : That?s it, your doing great.
Ross : Doing great! Yes-yes-yes! Take control! Yes!
Ross : Yes!! Yes!!! (He starts clapping and Phoebe turns around to look at him and falls off the bike.)
Ross : I-I just thought you were doing so well. I?
Ross : It?s a legitimate learning technique. (Looking around and seeing the woman behind him glaring at him.) Wow!
Ross : Hey, there?s uh, some people outside, askin? about candy.
Ross : Need some help?
Ross : By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me. (She glares at him and he quickly makes his way to Phoebe?s room.) [Cut to Phoebe?s room, Phoebe has put her helmet on one of her teddy bears and is playing around with it. Ross knocks and pokes his head in the door.]
Ross : (entering) Look, I-I?m really sorry I let go of the bike.
Ross : I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so close Phoebe!
Ross : Phoebe.
Ross : All right, y?know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I?m sorry, I?m just gonna have to take it back.
Ross : Because! Because, it-it-it?s? It?d be like you having this guitar (Points to hers) and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar wants to be played! And-and this bike wants to be ridden and-and if you don?t ride it you-you?re-you?re killing its spirit! (Pause) The bike is dying.
Ross : Great! Great! (He runs to the door.) You?re making the bike very happy.
Ross : Oh hey, don?t thank me, thank yourself. You?re the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : (Thinking it over) Sure! (Takes one) Hey, I just found out, I get Ben for the holidays this year.
Ross : Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah.
Ross : Hmm. (Joey comes out of the bathroom reading a newspaper)
Ross : Wooooooo, hehehe. Hey, ahh, you don't feel like you're gonna throw up, do ya?
Ross : Well, I do, so let's... (Ben and Ross sit down on the couch) So, Ben, you uh, you know what holiday is coming up, don't ya?
Ross : Yep, and you know what other holiday is coming up?
Ross : Yes, but also (Pauses to let Ben answer, but he doesn?t.) Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday.
Ross : Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
Ross : (interrupts him) Okay, that's right, yes, but on Hanukkah, uh, we sing, uh (Sings) Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Ross : (interrupts him again) Okay, it's not a contest.
Ross : Well, how about this year, instead of Santa, we have fun celebrating Hanukkah?
Ross : No! Oh, no-no-no. Hey, you weren't bad, you've been very good, Ben.
Ross : No, hey-hey, come on, (He grabs Ben and sits him on his lap) Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy!
Ross : (disappointed) Yes! Santa's coming!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : No, these are my pants.
Ross : Well, uh, do you have a Santa-outfit left?
Ross : Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I?uh, you gotta have something.
Ross : I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you (Points to Ben) a Merry Christmas!
Ross : (to Monica) Santa was unavailable so close to Christmas.
Ross : That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben. (He tries to bend down to pick up the bag with the presents, but can't because of the costume) Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents. [Monica picks up the bag, while Ross closes the door and hits Monica with his tail. They walk into the living room, and Monica empties the bag.]
Ross : You're welcome, Ben. Merry Christmas, ooh, and Happy Hanukkah!
Ross : (gasps) You are? Me, too!
Ross : (to Monica) You wanna wander in the hall? (to Ben) Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...
Ross : What are you doing here, Santa?
Ross : I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Ross : (to Chandler) What are you doing?
Ross : Thank you, but, but you gotta leave.
Ross : Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you?re wrecking it.
Ross : I'm sorry, Chandler but this, this is really important to me.
Ross : Okay Ben, Santa has to go. Say good-bye!
Ross : Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
Ross : All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees. [Joey enters in a Superman-costume]
Ross : ?and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should?ve just lasted just one day, burned for?
Ross : That?s right, and that?s why we celebrate Hanukkah today. The end.
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : The Armadillo was actually not so thrilled about that part! Okay Ben, it?s time to light the Hanukkah candles! (Santa, Superman, Monica, Ben, and the Holiday Armadillo go over to the menorah to light the candles.)
Ross : Come on, come on, we?re-we?re-we?re lighting the candles!
Ross : Wow, did not know that! May I say how lovely you look today?
Ross : Thanks. (Phoebe gets up to get a refill.) (To Monica) Oh! So for tomorrow, do you want to rent a car and drive down together or what?
Ross : Cousin Frannie?s wedding, its tomorrow night.
Ross : No.
Ross : Well l-look okay, it?s probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
Ross : Y?know, she tried to undress me too.
Ross : Hey, y?know what nickname never caught on? The Ross-A-Tron! (Monica shakes her head in disgust.)
Ross : Phoebe he?s right, that is the rule.
Ross : Hey Joe, while you?re over there how about another beer for the Ross-A-Tron?
Ross : (entering) Hey.
Ross : So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn?t a mistake. Ahh, there?s-there?s limited seating in the hall.
Ross : Well yeah, but she doesn?t know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would?ve turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Ross : Oh what?s the big deal?! I wasn?t even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y?know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we?ll-we?ll leave early as a sign of protest.
Ross : Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She?s an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
Ross : (interrupting) Not broad backed!
Ross : What? I can?t cancel on Joan!
Ross : Bec?Did you not hear me?! She?s an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They?re wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
Ross : Okay, all right, I?ll take you. I?ll go call Joan. (Does so.)
Ross : Oh here, I think this is us. (Reading the name cards.) Yeah.
Ross : (To Monica) Stop saying, "Blood" to strangers.
Ross : Oh, hey Aunt Millie. Aunt
Ross : Yes, yes it is. It?s uh? (Aunt Millie uses this opportunity to grab Ross and kiss him on the lips. After she leaves Ross quickly wipes his mouth with a napkin.) Every time on the lips! Why?! Why on lips?! (Cousin Frannie and her husband enter.)
Ross : Now wait a minute, you be nice! All right? I didn?t bring you here so you can ambush her.
Ross : That bitch! (He gets up and they go over to ambush Frannie. Monica taps on Frannie?s shoulder.)
Ross : (to Frannie) Hi Frannie, congratulations.
Ross : So it?s really a question of who could you have possibly done.
Ross : What? Oh, okay. Wait here. (Goes to get it, but before he gets there Aunt Millie sits down on it forcing him to pull it out from behind her which gets her attention.) Aunt
Ross : Well? Aunt
Ross : Well, technically it seven billion years ago? (Well, technically you?d be able to see it for days, well nights; that is if you could see it with all of the bright lights of New York.)
Ross : Okay! Okay! Fine, I?ll stop! No teaching, okay? We?ll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky. (Comets don?t streak across the sky, meteors do.) Okay? Who?s official name is Bapstein-King.
Ross : Man, look at all those stars! (Yeah, you can see what? Five of them from the city?) Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn?t it?
Ross : Huh?
Ross : What?
Ross : What? Is it the comet? (Runs over to where Joey?s standing.)
Ross : Joey come?I can?t believe?I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature?s most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
Ross : Show me where?
Ross : (noticing the pipe and looking at the door) Joey where?s the pipe that was holding the door open?
Ross : Joey!
Ross : It?s called the Bapstein-King comet, okay? (Joey starts to groan.) Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
Ross : Rachel!! Monica!!
Ross : I can?t believe this!!
Ross : (standing at the edge of the roof) Yeah, I guess we don?t have a choice. (Screaming to the street) Help us! Please help us! We?re stuck up on the roof and we can?t get down!!!
Ross : (To Joey) I know, I wasn?t finished. (Joey motions him to finish.) (Yelling at the street) But don?t worry! We?re gonna go down the fire escape!!
Ross : Ugh. Well, we?re just gonna have to jump. (Joey looks at him.) Yeah. Now, we?re gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there?you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Ross : Yeah! Oh yeah, you?ll be fine! It-it?ll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y?know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won?t.
Ross : Well, I?m gonna lie to you Joey, it?s a possibility.
Ross : Oh, all right. (Joey flips the coin.) Tails! (The coin bounces off of the landing above them and falls to the ground.) Can you-can you see what it is?
Ross : Okay. Well, you be careful.
Ross : Well I?m jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won?t have a father if-if I die!
Ross : (looking in the window behind them) Y?know, y?know I?m lookin? and I don?t think anyone?s home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y?know explain later.
Ross : I don?t think so. Hello? (Knocks on the glass, which angers the big, large, angry dog behind the glass and causes them to jump to the other side of the landing.) When you get in there? (Joey nods his disapproval.)
Ross : Okay, do-do you have a good grip?
Ross : Okay, I?m going to start climb down you now.
Ross : Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we?re face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we?re-we?re butt to face.
Ross : I would say that.
Ross : Okay, here I go.
Ross : I prefer not to answer that right now, I?m still carrying a little holiday weight. (Ross continues to climb down. He puts his other foot further down on Joey?s torso, but that doesn?t work very well and he?s forced to wrap his legs around Joey. Which then forces Joey to get a nice and close view of Ross?s crotch.)
Ross : So what do you want me to do?
Ross : Hi.
Ross : (looking down) M-maybe I should hang and you can climb down me.
Ross : It?s still looks pretty far!
Ross : Do not rush me!! (Ross continues south and his now wrapped around Joey?s legs.)
Ross : Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I?Ooh, a quarter! Ending Credits
Ross : Hey, y?know what?s weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you?re gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That?s weird isn?t it?
Ross : (disappointed) Sure, do whatever you want. (Phoebe sits down between Chandler and Ross.)
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Oh, it looks like mom and dad?s house. Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is?Oh my God!!
Ross : I can?t believe they-they didn?t even tell us!
Ross : (on phone) Uh, hello dad! Monica and I just saw the house in the paper! (Listens) Yes we?re surprised! (Listens) Who did you leave a message with?
Ross : I can?t believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger?s gonna be living in my room.
Ross : They kept your room for a while.
Ross : Come on, you know they love you.
Ross : I was their first born! They thought she was barren! It?s not my fault.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : What?s wrong with this year?
Ross : Hey, y?know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Ross : What?
Ross : Dad? Mr.
Ross : (entering with Monica) Hey! Mr.
Ross : Dad, we-we can?t believe you?re selling the house. Mr.
Ross : (To Monica) Let?s grab our stuff and get the hell out of here. Mr.
Ross : Yeah, not as much as you used to love to play uncooked batter eater.
Ross : Wow! Great! (Finds a pack of cigarettes.) Wait, dad who-who?s cigarettes are these? Mr.
Ross : Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad, (reading his grades) Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym?(He puts it away and finds something else.) Oooh, my rock polisher! Mr.
Ross : It?s a clown kit! Clown kit! Mr.
Ross : What? Mr.
Ross : How are you ever going to sell this place? Mr.
Ross : Oh no. Dad! Dad! What?(He goes to open one of her boxes and it rips apart.) Oh God?everything?s ruined! Dad, she?s gonna be crushed! Mr.
Ross : No! Mr.
Ross : Dad that won?t matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her. Mr.
Ross : Well, can you blame her? Mr.
Ross : Dad, dad I don?t want to hear about it. Mr.
Ross : Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we?re gonna give her some! Okay, grab?grab some empty boxes. Okay? We?ll-we?ll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we?ll-we?ll put ?em in their. Mr.
Ross : Like uh y?know like this! This! (He picks up one of those art projects that kids make in kindergarten and first grade.) She-she could?ve made this! Mr.
Ross : Right? And this! (He picks up a trophy) She-she could?ve won this! Mr.
Ross : Sure! Ooh-ooh, what about this? Mr.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : (overacting as well) Yeah! Yeah! (Laughs.) Oh, this will make a great memory.
Ross : Well, these. These are yours right here. (Pointing to the boxes they just created for her.)
Ross : Yeah. Yeah, oh you loved that thing. You always had it with you. You never went anywhere without-without that coloring book.
Ross : Nu-uh! (Grabs it and examines it.)
Ross : Oh, I don?t know how that got in there.
Ross : Umm, your boxes are umm?
Ross : Dad? Mr.
Ross : All right. I think it was a mouse. (Monica screams, throws the mouse down, and rubs her hands on Ross?s sweater to clean them.) Mr.
Ross : (even more shocked) What?!!! Mr.
Ross : Well w-w-w-w-wait, w-wait, wait, wait a minute! I mean a couple of stupid boxes get wet and she gets a Porsche?! Mr.
Ross : Well, what about me?! I?m a medical marvel!! Ending Credits
Ross : Happy birthday!!!
Ross : We?ve got presents! (She opens the door.)
Ross : Oh really. Is that how you felt when you turned thirty? [Flashback to Joey?s thirtieth birthday party. It is being held in Monica and Chandler?s apartment.]
Ross : Hey, 30 is not that old! Do you know how old the Earth is?
Ross : Hey! That was a practical purchase! I needed that car for transportation! Okay? I-I have a child! [Flashback
Ross : How hot do I look in this, huh?!
Ross : That?s not what this is about okay? I-I am a sports car enthusiast. I have always been into cars.
Ross : (giddy) I don?t know, but-but look how shiny!
Ross : Hop in. (Phoebe hops in.) Get ready for the smoothest ride of your life. (He starts the car and surprisingly in fires right up and comes to a nice idle. (Both can be rarities with British sports cars with their lovely Lucas ignition systems, which tend not to work especially in the rain.) Anyway, this being New York he is parallel parked on a street with the car in front of him only inches ahead of his bumper, likewise with the car behind him. He?s completely boxed in and can?t move more than two inches. He tries to get out several times by bumping the bumpers of both cars to no avail.)
Ross : Damnit! (Shuts the car off.)
Ross : Okay, forward. Forward?Stop! (The car moves an inch and Ross runs to the back of the car.) Okay, back?Stop! (The car barely moves and Ross runs back to the front.) Okay, forward?Stop! Stop! Stop!
Ross : No-no-no! It?s mine! It?s-it?s mine. (The woman walks away.)
Ross : Maybe that will liven up this party.
Ross : (to Tag) Stick to the list. Always stick to the list.
Ross : Hey! Look who?s back! It?s the birthday girl! How?s the birthday girl feeling?
Ross : What? (Glances over and sees the faces of the rest of the group, then goes and sits down.)
Ross : Which is fine! Because you just turned?(Removes two candles from the cake)?twenty-eight!
Ross : (To Monica) You?re drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I?m a little drunk. (Monica sits down on the barca lounger.)
Ross : I really wish that you wouldn?t.
Ross : Come on!
Ross : Okay, is everybody clear? We?re gonna pick it up?and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We?re gonna lift the car?and slide it out. Lift and slide!
Ross : (interrupting her) Lift!! And slide!
Ross : All right everyone, lift! (They and try to lift the car, of course it doesn?t raise up) And slide!! (Everyone leans over, but the car still does not move.)
Ross : God, do you realize in ten years we?re gonna be 40?
Ross : Yes! My baby?s finally free!
Ross : (starting it) Woohoo! (Just as they are about to pull away, a big, fat, bald guy pulls up in the exact same car as Ross and stops next to him.) The Man In The
Ross : You wanna buy a car?
Ross : What?s the matter? You okay?
Ross : Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
Ross : Yeah, I kind of uh, have something else planned for you guys.
Ross : Sorry, I?m kinda keeping this one on the Q.T.
Ross : What? A brain transplant?!
Ross : It?s ridiculous!
Ross : (to Monica and Rachel) It?s winter, they are fewer people on the street. (Rachel and Monica smile and nod, knowingly.)
Ross : Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
Ross : What?!
Ross : Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Ross : Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more?
Ross : How did you know about that?!
Ross : Were you the ones called the cops?!
Ross : Why not?
Ross : Come on that?s not fair! I mean you haven?t even heard me play!
Ross : No, you?ve heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I?m not going to tell you what song I?m gonna play either. But uh, let?s just say when it?s over I?ll bet there will be a we bit o? celebration.
Ross : ?now remember you have to imagine me in a kilt.
Ross : (To Rachel) Do you wanna start telling secrets?
Ross : (stands up) Now umm, remember I?m still learning. (As he prepares to start, he makes several horrible noises that scares Rachel into retreat.)
Ross : One, two, three, four! (He starts. And well, Celebration was never meant to be played on the bagpipe, so even the best bag pipe players in the world would have trouble with that particular song. So of course, for a beginner like Ross, it sounds absolutely dreadful. The assembled audience minus Phoebe, are horrified. Phoebe, immune to bad music, seems to enjoy it.)
Ross : You know the song! Sing along! (Ross resumes playing, this time accompanied by Phoebe screeching out E?s in tune with Ross. While Phoebe is singing along, Rachel is having a very difficult time keeping a straight face. Thankfully, Ross gives up after a little while.)
Ross : So? Monica and
Ross : You know the song! Sing along!
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Hi, we have a little bathroom emergency.
Ross : Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey?s special romance magazines in there?
Ross : (to Ben) Okay! All clear!
Ross : (to Ben) Everything okay in there?
Ross : Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean?s office just called and said there was an urgent meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?
Ross : Oh, she isn?t home.
Ross : Well, Ben would be there.
Ross : What?s the matter?
Ross : Rach, he?s not an ex-con.
Ross : I don?t know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Ross : Okay. (Ben enters) Ben? Come here. All right, I?m gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
Ross : (To Rachel) I wasn?t talking to you.
Ross : Okay, I?ll see you soon buddy. (He hugs and kisses him.) Be back in an hour.
Ross : I have a bone to pick with you.
Ross : Yes! Ben learned a little trick.
Ross : That?s right! That?s right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!
Ross : Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They?re mean and they?re stupid and-and I don?t want my son learning them!
Ross : I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?
Ross : Rachel! What are you doing here?
Ross : Your good friend?
Ross : What?s her last name?
Ross : Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?
Ross : Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh, (In a college frat boy voice) "Dude, don?t you ever was your face?"
Ross : Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it?s not funny!
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Practical jokes.
Ross : You have a line down your face.
Ross : Uh, y?know what? I?ll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal?s office wearing nothing but a catcher?s mitt!
Ross : I will be! Listen, I don?t want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
Ross : No that?s not what I want. Uh, I?m glad you guys were bonding but I?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Hey I?m sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I?ve got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, ?Fun Aunt? Rachel, so?
Ross : Okay, I?ll see you later pal. (Ross turns to leave.)
Ross : What?
Ross : What? (She takes the sign off and hands it to him.) That?s great. That is great. (Crumples up the paper and throws it down in anger.) What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
Ross : All right, that?s it! (He runs over to Ben, but he runs past him and out the door.) Come?you?no! You are in big trouble young man!
Ross : Wait! No! Ben, come here! I am not kidding!
Ross : I-I-am?(Suddenly Ross starts screaming and comes falling down the stairs landing just in front of Rachel.)
Ross : (noticing a beautiful woman moving in down the street) Well hello! She?s cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
Ross : Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you. The
Ross : (exhales) I got it. (He lifts the box and grunts under the strain.) (Calmly) So hi, I?m uh, I?m Ross and this is my friend Chandler. (He shyly waves.) The
Ross : Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, ?cause if you are?I?d love to show you around sometime.
Ross : Ah.
Ross : Y?know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system. (Kristen crinkles her nose at that.) Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep! (He stops when he realizes what he?s talking about.)
Ross : Umm, say you?re gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you say I take you to dinner tonight?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Great! Uh, let me take this up for you. (The box he?s holding.)
Ross : Oh no-no, after you. (She grabs a chair and heads upstairs.) (When she?s gone.) Oh my God! (He drops the box and Chandler can?t pick it up.)
Ross : Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she?d like to go out again.
Ross : Yeah in fact, I?m gonna go call her right now. And I?ll make sure to tell her my friend Chandler says? (He mimics the shy reaction Chandler did.)
Ross : (returning) Hey.
Ross : Oh great! We?re going out again Saturday. But I just found she?s also seeing some other guy.
Ross : Well you shouldn?t be. Believe me I wouldn?t want to be the guy who?s up against you. (Chandler laughs.) I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Ross : Kristen Lang.
Ross : Well obviously only one of us can keep dating her.
Ross : Well now let?s-let?s look at this objectively, I think I should date her?
Ross : That?s interesting, but check this out. I date her?
Ross : Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.
Ross : No Joey! Look why don?t, why don?t we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we?ll each go out with her one more time. And-and we?ll see who she likes best.
Ross : Maybe I?ll take her to that new French restaurant down the street?
Ross : Well sorry, that?s what I do on dates.
Ross : So let?s decide on the spending limit?
Ross : I was thinking more like a hundred.
Ross : Hey! What?s up?
Ross : Oh thanks!
Ross : We have
Ross : I am dressed.
Ross : I have an oily T-zone!
Ross : That?s right.
Ross : Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn?t break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
Ross : Oh yeah? What are you gonna do?
Ross : Why am I not surprised?
Ross : I don?t think you have much choice.
Ross : Bye-bye!
Ross : Yes. Yes. Just here (Runs his fingers down the bridge of his nose) and there (Runs his fingers across his forehead).
Ross : So they said our table will be ready in just a few minutes.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Oh yeah it?s fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they can spasim out of control.
Ross : Hi. (They shake hands.) It?s nice to meet you. I used to have a friend named Joey. I don?t anymore.
Ross : Yeah. So?
Ross : So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
Ross : That?s right! That?s right, don?t you play a woman?
Ross : Much better.
Ross : Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I?ve been married and how I have a son.
Ross : That?s right! Wait no, Ben.
Ross : Well umm?
Ross : Yes. And another time after that. Boy I?m getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
Ross : No. No.
Ross : Wait a minute! Were you on a poster for gonorrhea?
Ross : Hey you leave Marcel out of this!
Ross : Hey-hey have you ever locked yourself in a TV cabinet VD boy?!
Ross : Probably around gonorrhea.
Ross : Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we?re gonna have younger looking skin!
Ross : ?and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it?s collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten it?s predator. (A student raises his hand.) Yes Mr. Lewis?
Ross : Just a high pitched intimidating noise.
Ross : Well we-we don?t know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this. (He makes a high pitched noise and Alan doesn?t know what to make of it.) Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that?s uh, that?s all for today. (Everyone starts to get up.) Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
Ross : Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I?m afraid I-I had to fail you.
Ross : Well you need 60% to pass?
Ross : Seven.
Ross : No-no it?s not. What-what happened there Ned?
Ross : Well I?m sorry but, that-that?s really not my problem.
Ross : Well that brings me in the loop a little.
Ross : Okay! (Walks away from him.) Umm, I uh, I?m your teacher. I?m sorry, you?re-you?re a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
Ross : Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
Ross : There?s this kid in my class who said he?s in love with me.
Ross : I do-I do not have a boyfriend. There?s a guy in one of my classes who-who has a crush on me.
Ross : Yeah! I don?t know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of?sexy professor vibe? (Rachel and Joey both look at him.)
Ross : It-it?The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
Ross : Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
Ross : (turning towards him) Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?
Ross : And why exactly would I do that? (Goes back to writing on the board.)
Ross : (turning around and dragging the chalk down the board) What?!
Ross : No!
Ross : Well that?s different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with me!
Ross : What?
Ross : I can?t believe someone would do that for a grade.
Ross : Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
Ross : Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I?m changing your grade back.
Ross : ?Cause I know what you?re trying to pull here. Okay? It?s not gonna work.
Ross : Y?know what? I-I?m not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay?(Ned looks shocked)?Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don?t love me and you never did! (Ross turns around to make a grand exit but runs into two colleagues.) Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I?ll be right with you. (To Ned) Don?t make this worse and I?ll give you a C. (To the professors) Shall we? (They leave.) Ending Credits
Ross : A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
Ross : Cassie?
Ross : Wow, I haven?t seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
Ross : So what! I still have?No you?re probably right.
Ross : What?why?
Ross : What?! Chandler she?s our cousin!
Ross : Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
Ross : (shocked at her beauty) Cassie?!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Oh. Oh, that?s right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn?t.
Ross : It?s okay. Come, come on in.
Ross : Oh. (She sets down her bag and we travel back to slow motion world. She once again whips her hair around in slow motion with the love doctor Barry White singing in the background. And I?d also like to take this opportunity to mention that she can also be seen in Starship Troopers and that she was born in Downers Grove, Illinois which just happens to be a few miles from where I live. Anyway Cousin Ross is now staring.)
Ross : Uh-huh. Yeah I-I have a knack for impressions.
Ross : Yeah?No!! Commercial Break
Ross : Cassie, how you-how you doin? on that?hot dog.
Ross : (quietly) Thank God.
Ross : Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you ?til you cried? (She laughs) We?re probably too old to do that now.
Ross : (looking then moving away quickly) Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I?ll always remember that summer because that?s when I realized that we are related.
Ross : Well I?m, I?m a little slow. (To himself) Just as our children would be.
Ross : (in his head) She?s your cousin. She?s your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she?d think you were sick! (She grabs some popcorn.) Or would she? Let?s back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan?s Run, the sexiest movie ever. (She grabs the blanket from behind him and looks at him.) Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I?m going in. (They exchange looks, smile, and shrug their shoulders before Ross suddenly lunges forward in an attempt to kiss her, but she expertly backs away.)
Ross : (in his head) Say something clever! (Pause.) Okay, doesn?t have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words. (Pause) Any words will do. (Pause) Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever! (Pause) There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!! (Pause.) (To her) I-I, I uh haven?t had sex in a very long time. (She leaves.) (In his head) Yeah, you really shouldn?t have said anything.
Ross : She seems really, really fun!
Ross : What?!
Ross : So that?s two of my wives. Opening Credits
Ross : Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding! (Holding up his garment bag.)
Ross : No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman?s tux!
Ross : That?s right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film?that Batman film he was in.
Ross : So?
Ross : Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love. (Chandler mimics him.)
Ross : Pretty please? Not very uh, 007.
Ross : When I got married you slept with my sister.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Yes. I find it to be something of a conversation piece.
Ross : Gunther. (To Chandler) Hey-hey! Why don?t we put them on? Y?know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.
Ross : Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together.
Ross : What are you kidding? It?s Batman?s tux!!
Ross : Okay, but just the jacket. Double-oh and seven are not gettin? in there.
Ross : What?
Ross : Let me see that! (Grabs the invitation and reads it.) Oh man!
Ross : Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
Ross : Well, why don?t you just start with something simple. Like umm, Monica from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you.
Ross : ...everyone, this is Chandler! Fat
Ross : (Screaming) I?m getting married today!! Ahh, whoo-hoo!!(He runs back out the door.)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
Ross : How?s Monica coming along with her vows?
Ross : I can?t believe in four weeks they?re gonna be married!
Ross : Phoebe that?s not true.
Ross : Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long. [Flashback to Joey interrupting a bath Monica and Chandler are sharing in The One With All The Kissing. Monica dives underwater as Joey opens the door.] (They move into kiss but are interrupted by Joey knocking on the door.)
Ross : (entering) What's going on? Phoebe and
Ross : What?! What?!
Ross : Actually, it looks really good. (Turns towards the window and now Phoebe starts jumping to divert his attention.)
Ross : (He notices something through the window.) No! No! Wh? What are you doing?!! (Dr. Ledbetter is slowly backing away.) GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ross : It?ll be okay Joe.
Ross : That little naked guy would be me.
Ross : Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Ross : Got me.
Ross : Looks like a fun gang. (They all look at each other and smile)
Ross : (looking) Nono, that would be me again. [Cut back to Central Perk, Monica and Chandler are entering.]
Ross : (To Chandler) Oh man, this is hilarious.
Ross : (quietly) Dude!
Ross : Dude! How-how did you write this?
Ross : You can?t do that!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I?d take that bad boy out for a little spin.
Ross : It?s a car Monica! Not a rocket ship!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I?ll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
Ross : Whew! That was a brisk ride!
Ross : Only way to fly. (Rachel laughs.)
Ross : You?re fast and irresponsible. That adds up to a bad driver.
Ross : Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must?ve seen me cruising in the bad boy.
Ross : What?! (Checks his hair.) Give-give me a brush.
Ross : No way!
Ross : Fine! Y?know what? It doesn?t matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor of the bathroom. (He goes to the bathroom and after he leaves Rachel goes through his coat and grabs the keys along with a $20 bill. The woman from before watches her do this.)
Ross : What do you think you?re doing?!
Ross : There is no way I am letting you drive this car! So why don?t you just hand over the keys?
Ross : No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car! (She starts the car.) Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this car right now! (He looks for the twenty Rachel stole and doesn?t find it.)
Ross : With you?! Yeah right!
Ross : (grabbing the car) Okay! Okay! Okay! (He gets in, but into the back seat.)
Ross : In the death seat?!!
Ross : (shocked) You don?t have a valid driver?s license?Okay that is it! Pull over right now!
Ross : (grabbing the wheel) What-what are you doing?! Are you?Okay that?s not funny! Just stop horsing around!
Ross : Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.
Ross : I was talking to myself! You?re going down!
Ross : Yeah, I?ll get right on that.
Ross : No Rach! Come on! No-no! Yeah, I?m sure we won?t get arrested for this. (She sits back up as the policeman approaches. She undoes her top button.)
Ross : Oh my God.
Ross : Dear Lord!!
Ross : Here it comes.
Ross : Well she should, it was taken ten years ago!
Ross : I can handle the stick!!
Ross : Who?
Ross : What?! What does he want?! I wasn?t doing anything!
Ross : Maybe it?s uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to flirt some more! (They pull over.)
Ross : Good evening officer.
Ross : Ah no. I don?t, but it could not have been more than sixty.
Ross : I mean you?re not gonna give me a-a ticket for driving too slow are ya?
Ross : Y?know of-officer I uh?I had the weirdest dream last night?
Ross : (laughs) You don?t-you don?t want to hear about my dream Officer?Pretty?
Ross : I know. I know. Ending Credits
Ross : Oh, where are you guys going?
Ross : Ah. Joey you?re-you?re having lunch with my mom?
Ross : (To Chandler) Y?know what? Actually I?m kinda glad they?re leaving ?cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
Ross : Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
Ross : No, its?Its not that. Umm, now what I?m going to say to you, I?m not saying as your friend. Okay? I?m-I?m saying as it as Monica?s older brother.
Ross : Not for the next few minutes.
Ross : Nope.
Ross : Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn?t be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica?s older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass! (Chandler laughs.) What? I?m-I?m-I?m serious! (Chandler laughs harder.) Come?Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I?m-I?m not kidding here!
Ross : No problem.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : (walks up) Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
Ross : Well I?I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass! (The girls all laugh.) What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass! (The laugh harder.)
Ross : Thanks you guys. (Walks away happily and his parents smile.) [Cut to Monica.]
Ross : (clinking a wine glass) Can I have everyone?s attention please? I?m uh; I?m Ross Geller. Mr.
Ross : Dad?dad, please! As I was saying umm, I?m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I?m the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she?s the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you?d all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we?re here to celebrate. (Everyone does so.) To the Bings.
Ross : Oh, taking my parents back to the hotel.
Ross : What? Are you going back to work?
Ross : Nice shades.
Ross : And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!
Ross : Hey, where?s Chandler?
Ross : (going up to Rachel?s closed door) Chandler? (He opens the door and looks inside and doesn?t see him.) Chandler? (He checks the bathroom and still doesn?t find him. He then finds a note on the counter. He picks it up and reads it.)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Is uh, is Monica here?
Ross : I think Chandler?s gone. (He hands her the note.)
Ross : He left that.
Ross : I think it means he freaked out and left!
Ross : Look?Okay, I?m just gonna?I?m gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
Ross : (scared) I will, I will find him.
Ross : Gunther have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
Ross : Oh damn!
Ross : Yes. Yes. Don?t worry. Everything?s fine. We?ll uh, we?ll see you tomorrow at the wedding.
Ross : Well then we?ll-we?ll see you the day after tomorrow. (Walks away slowly, but notices something.) Mom?! Dad?! (They?re sitting by the window.) What-what?what you guys doing here?! Mr.
Ross : Why?! Mrs.
Ross : (shocked) Gunther?! Mr.
Ross : What? Your-your list? Mrs.
Ross : Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I?m looking for him? Mr.
Ross : No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn?t heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler?s parents again!
Ross : No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I?m interested in them.
Ross : No! Hey! Hey! We can?t!
Ross : Well, can?t you at least stall her a little? I?ll-I?ll go back to some of the places I went last night.
Ross : Well how much time before she absolutely has to start getting ready?
Ross : Give me two.
Ross : Okay, wish me luck.
Ross : Why?!
Ross : We are never gonna find him! He?s one guy in a huge city!
Ross : That is an old, Chinese woman!
Ross : Aw, y?know?Y?know, maybe we?re-we?re just approaching this all wrong. If you?re Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you?d go? [Cut to an office building.]
Ross : So this is your office?
Ross : She?s fine. She doesn?t know you?re gone. And she doesn?t have to know, okay? Now come on, we?re going home.
Ross : What?s wrong with being the Bings?
Ross : Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
Ross : Then you are neither of your parents!
Ross : Y?know, okay. You?re right. It is huge. So why don?t we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
Ross : (interrupting him) Yeah?No-but-but-but-but! We?re just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that?s not scary right?
Ross : There you go. You put on a tuxedo! Now that wasn?t so scary, was it?
Ross : I?m telling you, just a little bit at a time.
Ross : Getting married. (Chandler panics.) Okay. Okay. You can, you can do that too! Just like you?ve done everything else!
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Wh?Hey?Whoa-whoa, where, where you going?!
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Hi! (To Mrs. Bing) Hi! (Mr. Bing starts rubbing his arm.) Hi. Has umm, anyone seen Chandler? Mr.
Ross : He-he was with me umm, we?re playing a little game, y?know? Hide and seek. Mr.
Ross : (pause) You?re right, thanks for keeping me honest dad. Mrs.
Ross : Oh my God! Monica!
Ross : Great. He?s doing great. Don?t you worry about Chandler.
Ross : Uh-huh.
Ross : These-these are beads of joy.
Ross : Uh Phoebe, can I see you for a second?
Ross : Chandler?s gone again!
Ross : (turning a corner) There he is!!
Ross : You?re not getting away this time mister! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!
Ross : Hiiii-Ya!! (Chandler lies back down.) I?m serious! You?re not walking out on my sister!
Ross : Then where the hell have you been?!
Ross : What?
Ross : What?! What?! Talking about what?!
Ross : Know what?If somebody doesn?t tell me what?s going on right now?
Ross : Oh my God. Oh my God! And you?re-you?re?you?re not freaking out?
Ross : Cigarettes?!!
Ross : Dude. (Hugs him.) (Mr. Geller turns the corner.) Mr.
Ross : Huh. This is nice.
Ross : I?ve never walked down the aisle knowing it can?t end in divorce. (Finally, Monica with her parents on her arms start down the aisle.) Mrs.
Ross : Rings?
Ross : (To Monica) Okay, I know I?m not supposed to know, but I do. And I?m so excited for you!
Ross : Monica?s pregnant!
Ross : What?! What do you mean? You-you-you?re not pregnant?
Ross : No! (Pause) I?ll be right back. (Exits.)
Ross : Hi. I?m uh, I?m Ross. I don?t, I don?t believe we?ve met. I?m Monica?s older brother.
Ross : Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant. (He uses his card to mouth those words.) (Pause) Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
Ross : Aw come on, Mona Lisa?
Ross : Mona umm?Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she?s uh?well she?s dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the plant world.
Ross : Linda Clickclocken. (Pause) So what uh, what-what table are you at? (She shows him.) Oh, uh me too.
Ross : (sexily) Yes there will. (Mona leaves and Ross tries to find the same table.) Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you?ve just been bumped up to table one. And if it?s all right with you I?m gonna take your place at table six?Martin Clickclocken. [Cut back inside to Joey giving a beautiful woman a tennis lesson by standing behind her.]
Ross : Hey! Uh, I thought, I thought you were at table six.
Ross : Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way (he turns her hand upside down) which uh, which was misleading. Well I?m? (He goes at sits down at his new table and the kids stare at him.) Hello. [Cut to the hallway, Chandler is putting tape on the bottom of his shoes.]
Ross : It was the chair again! Okay? I?m not doing it! It what?look, I don?t?y?know what?eh-eh? (He walks away and goes over to Mona.) Hi.
Ross : Umm, would you like to dance?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Oh great! (They get up to dance and Ross is interrupted by a little girl.) Little
Ross : I wasn?t farting! (To Mona) Uh, a little game from our table. (To the little girl) Yes? Little
Ross : Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I?m about to dance with this lady. Little
Ross : Uh, unless! Unless, uh this lady wouldn?t mind letting you go first.
Ross : Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why don?t we try it my special way? You can dance on my feet. Little
Ross : Yeah? Hop on. (They start dancing and Mona sits down.) Is the pretty lady looking? Little
Ross : Keep dancing. [Cut to Chandler in the hallway practicing dancing and is doing it very well.]
Ross : No-no, thank you Miranda. Little
Ross : All right. (Walks over to Mona.)
Ross : Oh-oh, were you, were you watching? (Another little girl walks over to him.) Second
Ross : What? Of course you can! Hop on!
Ross : I am so gonna score. Second
Ross : I like your bow. [Behind them, Joey goes up to the bandleader and interrupts the song.]
Ross : (to the second girl) That was very nice Ashley.
Ross : No-no. (Walks over to Mona again.)
Ross : Oh! (Recoils in horror.)
Ross : Oh, you-you sure? (She nods yes.) Okay. (To the girl) Okay. So what?s uh, what?s your name. Fat
Ross : That?s, that?s pretty. (They start to dance and Gert tries to step on Ross?s feet, but he pulls them out of harm?s way.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing there Gert?
Ross : Okay. (Swallows hard.) Hop on Gert. (She does and Ross winces in pain.)
Ross : I?m trying. (He strains to move his feet.)
Ross : Maybe I should stand on your feet! (Gert?s shocked and Ross realizes what he said and tries to brush it off.) [Cut to Joey going over to talk to Dennis Phillips.]
Ross : I just didn?t see the fast song coming.
Ross : Oh, thank you.
Ross : (To Monica) Okay, I know I?m not supposed to know, but I do. And I?m so excited for you!
Ross : Monica?s pregnant!
Ross : What?! What do you mean? You-you-you?re not pregnant?
Ross : No! (Pause) I?ll be right back. (Exits.)
Ross : Hi. I?m uh, I?m Ross. I don?t, I don?t believe we?ve met. I?m Monica?s older brother.
Ross : Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant. (He uses his card to mouth those words.) (Pause) Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
Ross : Aw come on, Mona Lisa?
Ross : Mona umm?Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she?s uh?well she?s dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the plant world.
Ross : Linda Clickclocken. (Pause) So what uh, what-what table are you at? (She shows him.) Oh, uh me too.
Ross : (sexily) Yes there will. (Mona leaves and Ross tries to find the same table.) Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you?ve just been bumped up to table one. And if it?s all right with you I?m gonna take your place at table six?Martin Clickclocken. [Cut back inside to Joey giving a beautiful woman a tennis lesson by standing behind her.]
Ross : Hey! Uh, I thought, I thought you were at table six.
Ross : Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way (he turns her hand upside down) which uh, which was misleading. Well I?m? (He goes at sits down at his new table and the kids stare at him.) Hello. [Cut to the hallway, Chandler is putting tape on the bottom of his shoes.]
Ross : It was the chair again! Okay? I?m not doing it! It what?look, I don?t?y?know what?eh-eh? (He walks away and goes over to Mona.) Hi.
Ross : Umm, would you like to dance?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Oh great! (They get up to dance and Ross is interrupted by a little girl.) Little
Ross : I wasn?t farting! (To Mona) Uh, a little game from our table. (To the little girl) Yes? Little
Ross : Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I?m about to dance with this lady. Little
Ross : Uh, unless! Unless, uh this lady wouldn?t mind letting you go first.
Ross : Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why don?t we try it my special way? You can dance on my feet. Little
Ross : Yeah? Hop on. (They start dancing and Mona sits down.) Is the pretty lady looking? Little
Ross : Keep dancing. [Cut to Chandler in the hallway practicing dancing and is doing it very well.]
Ross : No-no, thank you Miranda. Little
Ross : All right. (Walks over to Mona.)
Ross : Oh-oh, were you, were you watching? (Another little girl walks over to him.) Second
Ross : What? Of course you can! Hop on!
Ross : I am so gonna score. Second
Ross : I like your bow. [Behind them, Joey goes up to the bandleader and interrupts the song.]
Ross : (to the second girl) That was very nice Ashley.
Ross : No-no. (Walks over to Mona again.)
Ross : Oh! (Recoils in horror.)
Ross : Oh, you-you sure? (She nods yes.) Okay. (To the girl) Okay. So what?s uh, what?s your name. Fat
Ross : That?s, that?s pretty. (They start to dance and Gert tries to step on Ross?s feet, but he pulls them out of harm?s way.) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing there Gert?
Ross : Okay. (Swallows hard.) Hop on Gert. (She does and Ross winces in pain.)
Ross : I?m trying. (He strains to move his feet.)
Ross : Maybe I should stand on your feet! (Gert?s shocked and Ross realizes what he said and tries to brush it off.) [Cut to Joey going over to talk to Dennis Phillips.]
Ross : I just didn?t see the fast song coming.
Ross : Oh, thank you.
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : No why?
Ross : Oh well, I guess I?ll catch up with her later.
Ross : Oh no.
Ross : I think I might know what this is about. (Phoebe and Joey trade looks)
Ross : Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren?t gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I slept together.
Ross : Wow! I thought you would be a little more shocked.
Ross : Well, we-we said we?d just do it that one time but, but now I think she may wanna start things up again.
Ross : Why? What-what else could it be?
Ross : I?m telling you. I?m telling you. That?s what it is. No wonder she was looking at me all funny during the wedding. She didn?t say anything to you?
Ross : Yeah, I guess I should. (Starts to leave.) Man, y?know what I have to realize? Maybe I?m just not the type of guy women can have just one night with. Y?know, they-they always seem to want a little bit more. I should remember that. (He pauses and then exits.)
Ross : Hi.
Ross : (quietly confident) I think we do. Why don?t we go inside? (They go inside.) Look uh, I know why you?re here.
Ross : Yeah, and to save you from any embarrassment umm, I think maybe I should talk first.
Ross : Okay. (He sits her down in a chair.) Uh, Ross and Rachel. Rachel and Ross. That?s been one heck of a see-saw hasn?t it?
Ross : I mean look, that-that one night we had was fun and?and certainly passionate, but don?t you think it?s better if we just stayed friends?
Ross : Okay. Okay. Y?know what? If you want to, we can do it one more time. I mean I?d-I?d be okay with that. In fact, I have some time right now.
Ross : Oh sure. (He sits on the apothecary table and touches her hand.)
Ross : I?m good. I?m good.
Ross : Yeah, I need uh? I?m just?I don?t know?I don?t understand, umm, how this happened? We-we used a condom.
Ross : What? What? What?!! Well they should put that on the box!!!
Ross : No they don?t!!! (He runs to the bedroom to check and returns with his box of condoms.) Well they should put it in huge black letters!!!!
Ross : Oh well I may as well have!
Ross : Freaked out? Hey no, I?m not freaked out! I?m indignant! As a consumer!
Ross : No! No! I want to talk now! Okay? I?In fact, (picks up the phone) I am going to talk to the president of the condom company!
Ross : (grabs her) Shh! Shh! Shh!
Ross : (on phone) Yeah I?ll press 1! (Presses one which allows Rachel to escape.)
Ross : Hi. Mr.
Ross : Sure. Mr.
Ross : Namaste. (Bows.) (Treeger leaves and Ross notices the door.)
Ross : Oh my God! What happened to the door?!
Ross : Look, is Rachel here? I really need to talk to her.
Ross : Yeah but uh? Okay, okay look you guys know that Rachel and I slept together, but there?s something else. (Pause) Rachel?s pregnant.
Ross : With my child.
Ross : You already know don?t you?
Ross : Okay. Okay. I mean I?ll be okay. It?s just I don?t think I handled it very well.
Ross : Nothing. But the complaint department at the condom company got an earful. And then when I turned around she was gone.
Ross : But hey, in my defense I-I just found out condoms are like only 97% effective.
Ross : I gotta go find her.
Ross : Evidently they do.
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Uh we-we need to talk.
Ross : Please, please I want to apologize for the way I acted earlier today.
Ross : What? Oh yeah. (He moves next to her head.) I?m sorry. I mean I-I think I went a little crazy. I mean I was thinking about myself when I (Wanders towards Rachel?s feet) really?I should have been thinking about you Rach?
Ross : Right! Right! I just?I want you to know that I?m going to be there through this whole thing, okay? Okay? The doctor?s appointments, the uh, the Lamaze classes, uh baby-proofing the apartment?Although we could probably worry about that ?til after we get married.
Ross : Well yeah, I think we should get married.
Ross : No, because that?s the right thing to do.
Ross : No but?but still you can?t possibly do this alone.
Ross : Come on Rach, you can?t even eat alone in a restaurant.
Ross : I?m just saying if you can?t eat by yourself, how do you expect to have a baby by yourself?
Ross : When have you ever?
Ross : Well certain other people take two hours to eat a bowl of soup!
Ross : I grew up with Monica! If you didn?t eat fast you didn?t eat!! Dr.
Ross : But not the husband, because evidently she can do this alone. Dr.
Ross : (To Rachel, standing by her feet) I don?t know why you can?t admit that you need me.
Ross : Oh my God.
Ross : Thank you. (Dr. Long exits and Rachel starts to cry.)
Ross : Pretty amazing huh?
Ross : What? What?!
Ross : You-you just said that you did!
Ross : Oh sure, come here! (Sits her up) Sure you can! Uh, look come here look, (rolls the machine closer) it?s-it?s-it?s, it?s right there (Points).
Ross : Do you really?
Ross : Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this? (Points) This tiny thing that looks like a peanut?
Ross : Sweetie that?s it.
Ross : You?re welcome.
Ross : Yeah, that?s our baby. Closing Credits
Ross : Oh hey, show them the picture of your uterus. (She does so.)
Ross : Hello!
Ross : So, how was the honeymoon?
Ross : (glaring at him) Yeah, thanks. (Joey nods no problem.)
Ross : (laughs) Umm that?s?that?s a little misleading.
Ross : The lie you just told.
Ross : There?s the one!
Ross : Yes let?s. Y?know what? Uh, it?s-it?s not important. What is important is that, is that we?re having a baby. And it?s not?Doesn?t matter who came on to who.
Ross : What? What?! You were begging me to kiss you! You-you-you were sending me signals all over the place!
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Y?know what?! It doesn?t matter! It doesn?t matter what you believe! What matters is what happened!
Ross : Y?know what? Y?know what? Rachel, just-just drop it.
Ross : I can show you, I have it on videotape! (Stunned silence) It?s an expression. Commercial Break
Ross : (entering) Rachel won?t talk to me! She won?t even open the door!
Ross : Okay, listen I am not a pervert!
Ross : Filming Rachel is not something I planned. Okay look, here?s what happened, and Joey you-you can back me up on this. All right, about-about a month and a half ago I came to you with a problem? Umm, a personal thing.
Ross : About?about sex? (Joey looks at him confused) That I hadn?t had sex in months?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Do you have a minute? I?d like to talk to you about something I?m, I?m really uncomfortable talking about.
Ross : I actually had a topic in mind! I?m, I?m kinda going through a dry spell, sex wise.
Ross : Five to be lying, six.
Ross : Well, I mean it?s not all bad. I?m learning to appreciate the uh, smaller things in life. Like the sound of a bird and the color of the sky.
Ross : Please, help me! I have a date tonight. It has to go well okay?I?m scared for my health!
Ross : Really? Well then tell it to me.
Ross : (sarcastic) I?ll try to control myself.
Ross : (laughs) You were backpacking across Western Europe?
Ross : (stopping him) Okay! Okay! Okay. I?m sorry. Please, please, you were in Western Europe and?
Ross : (intently listening) Why?
Ross : It?s from France?In Europe?Western Europe. Y?know umm, a few years ago I actually was backpacking across Western Europe.
Ross : Uh-hmm?Wait! It gets better. Um, yeah I was in Barcelona.
Ross : Anyway, umm so I was um, I was hiking?
Ross : (whines) Oh that?s great! I was hiking along the foothills of Mount Tibidaybo?
Ross : Okay! Do you wanna tell the story?!
Ross : Great! I?m across the street having sex with her right now. Your story sucks!
Ross : No! No, I don?t?don?t want to.
Ross : I was backpacking across Western Europe.
Ross : I was just outside Barcelona, hiking?
Ross : It?s been six months! I?m always hot!
Ross : I?ll try that.
Ross : Thanks.
Ross : Thanks. And-and hey Joe?
Ross : Listen, if you ever have any problem with the ladies you know I?ll help you out.
Ross : Hello! Can I get you anything? Huh? Lens cleaner? Your battery okay? (Rachel bursts in carrying two boxes and Ross jumps up.) Rachel!
Ross : Hi!
Ross : That?s less embarrassing, yes. Yes I was. (They sit down on the couch, which is in front of the still recording camera.)
Ross : (voiceover) So when she came in, I got distracted and totally forgot about the camera. [Cut back to the present day.] It kept rolling and recorded everything. (Pause)
Ross : What a great idea! That will get Rachel to forgive me!
Ross : Thank you. (Joey mouths to Ross, "You?ll show me right?") No!
Ross : Joey! No!
Ross : Look, it was accident! Okay? I-I feel bad that it happened, but I swear, I didn?t even watch it! Anyway, here. (He takes the tape out of his coat pocket.) I thought you might be more comfortable destroying it yourself. (Tosses her the tape.)
Ross : Forget it, she?s destroying it.
Ross : Look, forget it Phoebe. Okay? It?s Rachel?s tape and she can do whatever she wants with it. And she wants to destroy it. So, end of story.
Ross : What?!
Ross : I don?t want people to see it for your sake.
Ross : Rachel, please?
Ross : Fine. Fine, but I want the record to show that I tried to take the high road, because in about five minutes I?m gonna be saying?(He laughs and points at Rachel sarcastically.) (They both sit down.)
Ross : (on tape) Hello! Can I get you anything?
Ross : (on tape) You didn?t do it?
Ross : (pause) Not on the ones we sent out.
Ross : (on tape) I know. Hey remember?remember the night they got engaged? How uh, you and I almost?
Ross : (on tape) I mean I?I know I wanted to. I just, I just wasn?t sure if you wanted to.
Ross : (on tape) So we?we both wanted to.
Ross : (on tape) Yeah. (Pause) Anyway umm, it probably worked out for the best.
Ross : And in about five seconds you?re gonna see why.
Ross : Now I?m so happy.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Yeah. Listen about that, the whole uh, who came on to who thing really doesn?t matter. I mean, I think it would?ve happened either way. I mean if you hadn?t initiated it I-I-I know I would?ve.
Ross : It was. It was an amazing night. (Pause)
Ross : I uh? I don?t know. I mean I?I honestly didn?t watch it.
Ross : Uhhhhhh?that-that may be weird.
Ross : Good luck.
Ross : Mind if I mute?
Ross : Oh, oh there go the clothes.
Ross : Six months Rachel, six months. Ross and
Ross : Hey. We-we look?we look pretty good.
Ross : Oh nice tan!
Ross : Ah?.
Ross : I have been working out.
Ross : Oh that?s not pretty.
Ross : No!
Ross : Oh no!
Ross : Oh no!!
Ross : No!!
Ross : No!!! (They both get out of the chair and run for the VCR.) Closing Credits
Ross : (running up) Hey! Sorry I kept you waiting so long.
Ross : Oh ah, I think you know where I want to go.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Yeah!! (They go out to the elevators.)
Ross : I?m telling you, I like the food!
Ross : Did that guy just call you Toby?
Ross : Well, why don?t you correct him?
Ross : Five years?! Chandler you have to tell him!
Ross : (laughs) Muriel. Wh-why would he call you Muriel? (Ross realizes something.) Oh my God! Chandler M Bing? It?s not just an M, your middle name is Muriel!!
Ross : Chandler Muriel Bing. Boy, your parents never gave you a chance did they?
Ross : (entering with a pizza and beer) Hey!
Ross : So, what do you want to do tonight? There?s a Ukrainian film at the Angelica that?s supposed to be very powerful. Interested?
Ross : Rach? You wanna come?
Ross : A date?
Ross : Why no, it?s the opposite of weird. It?s-it?s uh, regular. It?s-it?s uh, it?s mundane. It?s actually uh, a little dull.
Ross : A date?! She?s-she?s got a date?! With who?
Ross : You set her up?!
Ross : Joey what-what were you thinking?!
Ross : Joey, I?m not worried about her! I?m worried about my baby! Whoever she dates my baby dates! Now-now where is this (makes the quote-marks sign) actor taking them?
Ross : A ferry? My baby is going on a ferry? Do you have any idea how dangerous those are?!
Ross : Why don?t they just jump out of an airplane?! Huh?! That-that?s a fun date! Or burn each other with matches?! That?s fun too! Whew!! (There?s a knock on the door and Joey answers it.)
Ross : Hi. I-I hear you?re going on a ferry tonight.
Ross : A bit of a daredevil are we?
Ross : Okay. Have a great time you guys.
Ross : Yes it is too slutty! (Joey slams the door before Rachel could hear the entire sentence.) Commercial Break
Ross : Books?
Ross : Well, I tell you what. Why don?t we uh, why don?t we just stay here? Let?s not see a movie, we?ll just hang.
Ross : Hey, if that?s what you want to do I?m not gonna say no.
Ross : I just?I have to find out how it went.
Ross : This guy could be my baby?s stepfather!
Ross : I just?I-I can?t believe she?s-she?s dating?!
Ross : I don?t know! I guess I just can?t believe any of this is happening.
Ross : It?s just I always thought when I had another kid it would be different. Now I-I love Ben, but every time I have to drop him off at Carol and Susan?s, it?s like?It breaks my heart a little. I mean I?ve always had this picture of me and my next wife in bed on Sunday and, my kid comes running in and leaps up onto the bed. And we all read the paper together. Y?know? Maybe fight over the science section.
Ross : No! No I can?t. I mean Rachel?s out with some guy. My baby went with her. If anything that picture keeps moving further away.
Ross : It used to be. Now she doesn?t really have a face. Smokin? body though.
Ross : No but ahh! How much easier would it be if it were?
Ross : No, it?s not what I want either. I mean I-I can?t force myself to fall in love with her again now.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : (checks his watch) We can still catch that Ukrainian film.
Ross : Hello.
Ross : Well, how was the date?
Ross : Uh-huh. What happened?
Ross : Ah, he didn?t uh, take it so well?
Ross : Oh?
Ross : He sounds swell.
Ross : Hey, wanna?wanna a little cheering up?
Ross : Sit down.
Ross : Guess whose middle name is Muriel.
Ross : Yeah-ha!
Ross : I?m sorry about your date.
Ross : Yeah I know. (Pause) On the other hand in um, in about seven months you?re gonna have something that you?re gonna love more than any guy you?ve ever gone out with. Just wait. Wait until uh, wait until the first time your baby grabs your finger. You have no idea.
Ross : You wanna, you wanna grab some coffee?
Ross : Hey, I thought I cheered you up.
Ross : Right. Good night.
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Oh hi!
Ross : Wow! Uh?how are you?
Ross : Oh that?s right. Well uh, would you be interested in seeing a Ukrainian film?
Ross : Great! Well umm? (Ross continues to talk to her as the camera pans to show Rachel standing in the doorway.)
Ross : Sure! Uh, let me get it for ya.
Ross : What?
Ross : Well, I?ll-I?ll be there. I mean I have to wear a costume to all my classes that day anyway so?
Ross : (exhales sarcastically) Not two years in a row.
Ross : Yeah. Yeah, I think I will.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : That?s right! He was hitting on her, and I got her. I guess the better man won. (To Joey) Please don?t take her from me. Opening Credits
Ross : (entering) Hey! (He?s wearing a costume as well.)
Ross : Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik? (They all look at him.) Well, I?m a potato or a?spud. And these are my antennae. (Points to the colander with an old TV antenna glued on top that he?s wearing.) So Sputnik, becomes? (They?re still confused) Spud-nik. Spudnik!
Ross : No, I-I?m not doody.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : You made it!
Ross : Well, I?m a spud?
Ross : Yes!
Ross : That?s funny. Yeah. Y?know you?re the funniest man here in a pink bunny costume his wife made him wear.
Ross : Uh, in her defense, she?s right. I am stronger. I would destroy you.
Ross : Oh I?ll prove it! I?ll prove it like a theorem!! (They start to fight with Ross pulling on Chandler?s ears and Chandler hitting Ross over the head with his carrot.)
Ross : Oh yeah? You?re going further down! Downtown!
Ross : Pride.
Ross : (To Chandler) So, you gettin? tired?
Ross : Yeah? Me too. (Pause) Gettin? a little tired though.
Ross : Look this is starting to look really bad for me. Okay? Mona, Mona?s standing right over there. (Looks behind him.) Oh God, she?s talking to Joey! You gotta let me win!
Ross : Hey, at least you have a wife! I-I keep getting divorces and knockin? people up! And I?m dressed as doody.
Ross : Come on, who are we kidding? I?m doody. Please? She?s watchin?.
Ross : (celebrating) Oh yeah!
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Oh. Yeah. (Sarcastically) Uh Chandler let me win. No, Chandler?s really strong. Oh my arm is so sore. Oh nurse! (Waddles over to Mona.)
Ross : I think it?s coming from your bag.
Ross : So apparently I?m available for lunch.
Ross : You?re moving?
Ross : So does-does Joey know you?re moving?
Ross : That?s not really porn.
Ross : Hey, y?know what and if you?re looking for a place? I just heard in the elevator this morning that a woman in my building died.
Ross : Well I don?t know, but how-how great would that be huh? You living in my building. I could help take care of the baby. I can come over whenever I want. (Rachel looks at him.) With your permission.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yeah. No. No you?re right. (Pause as they both take another sip of coffee.)
Ross : Yeah. (They both exit.)
Ross : Hi. I?m Ross Geller. I live in the building.
Ross : I-I heard about Mrs. Verhoeven passing away and I?m so sorry for your loss. Mrs. Verhoeven's
Ross : What? Mrs. Verhoeven's
Ross : Oh, thank God! Mrs. Verhoeven's
Ross : Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in (Rachel pokes her head in and starts to look around) the laundry room. (Pushes Rachel out of the way.) Mrs. Verhoeven's
Ross : Y?know I would it?s just painful.
Ross : Thanks for the coffee, or bedankt voor de koffie, Gunter. (He translates that phrase into Dutch.)
Ross : Yeah, we?re done.
Ross : Ezel? Ezel? Ezel? (Looks it up in his book.)
Ross : Really?!
Ross : Sweet!
Ross : Okay I-I just have to stop by my place first.
Ross : No-no, I-I have to see if this apartment became available.
Ross : It?s not for me, it?s for Rachel.
Ross : Yeah, but when the baby comes she?s gonna want to move.
Ross : Yeah, you didn?t expect her to live there with a baby did you?
Ross : (finds the word in the book) Ezel! (Reads the translation.) Hey Gunther! You?re an ezel!
Ross : Damnit!
Ross : Hi. How is she? Mrs. Verhoeven's
Ross : (happily) Oh. (Realizes then sadly) Oh. Well I uh, I brought her some bloemen. (Flowers in Dutch.) Mrs. Verhoeven's
Ross : Oh I don?t know that it would. Mrs. Verhoeven's
Ross : All right then. (Follows her in and checks the place out.)
Ross : Well, the old lady died. And how do I know? Her dying wish was for one last kiss. But I don?t care, (To Rachel) because you got the apartment. Yes!
Ross : Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling asleep there a little.
Ross : Yeah, a lot of my students do that.
Ross : Okay, I-I?ll see you tonight.
Ross : Okay, bye. (They kiss and she starts to leave.)
Ross : Ah, it?s good. It?s going good. I mean, we get along great. She?s, she?s so?
Ross : Well, I was gonna say sweet, but yeah-huh!
Ross : Well I?I haven?t actually told her yet. I don?t want to scare her off, y?know?
Ross : Sure, one year is paper, but two months is lapdance! (Joey nods his agreement.)
Ross : Uh actually, sorry I can?t even make it. I?m seeing Mona again tonight.
Ross : Uh that?s an eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta.
Ross : So much more. (They start making out and she kicks the eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta off of his apothecary table from the days of yore and the magical city of White Plains.)
Ross : Aw forget it, it?s from Pier One. (There?s an angry knock on the door.) Sorry. (Goes and opens the door to an irate Dr. Green.) Dr.
Ross : Y?know this is actually not a great time for me. Commercial Break
Ross : Who did?! Dr.
Ross : Yes. Yes, yes I did. (To Mona) But-but it was, it was just a one night thing. It meant nothing. Dr.
Ross : No! No sir umm, she means a lot to me. I mean, I care?I-I love Rachel.
Ross : (to Mona) Oh but not that way. I mean?I mean I?m not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend. Dr.
Ross : (to Dr. Green) Hey! I offered to marry her!
Ross : (To Mona) But I didn?t want to. Dr.
Ross : I?m sorry. Dr. Green, Mona. Mona, Dr. Green.
Ross : I was going to tell you, but? Dr.
Ross : Hey! I did not dump Rachel! (To Mona) Nor are we still together. (The phone rings and Ross goes to answer it, only he?s trapped behind the apothecary table by Dr. Green.) Can I just? (Dr. Green glares at him.) Why don?t we just let the machine get that?
Ross : No! No! No! No! No! I-I-I-I?I need to, I need to lie down.
Ross : So your dad dropped by. He?s a pleasant man!
Ross : I don?t care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she?s totally freaked out!
Ross : Rachel!
Ross : Okay!
Ross : Thank you!
Ross : Thank you so much for coming back over.
Ross : Focus.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Trying to date this woman.
Ross : Probably shouldn?t touch me.
Ross : Should I leave this open for you too?
Ross : Because what?s going on with Rachel has nothing to do with how I feel about you.
Ross : I know and I was going to, but I thought it was better that you heard it from Rachel?s father. Look I?I made a mistake, but it?s only because I really, really like you. Really!
Ross : (entering) Will!
Ross : Hey-hey you came! Man you look incredible! Hot stuff! (They hug and Ross realizes what he said.) Hot stuff?
Ross : Yeah, you too. Man, so-so what are you up to?
Ross : Really? Yeah that-that sounds interesting.
Ross : Oh! Man I don?t think I?ve seen you since uh, Lance Davis? graduation party.
Ross : Yeah. It would?ve been good if we had gotten in, but still real fun.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : (laughs) Yeah.
Ross : So how long are you in town?
Ross : Aw?oh, that?s right. Are-are you gonna be okay?
Ross : Will, high school was-was a long time ago.
Ross : Rachel Green and complex carbohydrates.
Ross : No need to point, she knows who Ross is. Commercial Break
Ross : No. No.
Ross : Uh actually, there-there was also that exchange student from Thailand but I-I don?t think he-he knew what it was.
Ross : That was in high school! It?s not like it was binding forever.
Ross : Look Rach I-I?m sorry, okay? I?I was a stupid kid, okay? The only reason I joined?
Ross : ?co-founded. Co-founded the club was because I was insanely in love with you. Obviously I didn?t handle it very well. But if you think about it the I Hate Rachel Club was really the I Love Rachel Club.
Ross : No-no! No-no. No-no.
Ross : It was no big deal. We-we?said that the rumor was?that umm?you had both?male and female reproductive parts.
Ross : Actually, Billy Tratt is gay now. So-so that one?s not really our fault.
Ross : Rach, I think you?re reading a little too much into it.
Ross : Look, what do you want me to do? Do you want me to call everyone in the entire school and tell them it wasn?t true?!
Ross : Well look-look I?m not calling anybody! Okay? It was like a million years ago!
Ross : What?
Ross : (shocked) (To Rachel) How did you know that?!!!!
Ross : No.
Ross : Hey! She didn?t look 50!
Ross : She didn?t photograph well!
Ross : I was working late in the library one afternoon. It was just the two of us. She needed some help with her word jumble. And one thing led to another. If you must know, Anita was very gentle and tender. May she rest in peace?
Ross : Only when it was damp!! (To Rachel) I can?t believe you-you told people about this?! Everybody knew?! Y?know what? (To Will) I?m back in the club!
Ross : As a romancer of the elderly.
Ross : The eyes?did still sparkle.
Ross : Yeah. I mean we are having a baby together.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Nope.
Ross : That?s right, I love you! And-and I?m gonna play with you all the time.
Ross : Bye.
Ross : Yeah. Why?
Ross : Yeah I know; he?s in Ben?s class.
Ross : Fine! No more dinosaur stuff! Can I talk about fossils? (Joey is about to sit down and hears this so instead he groans and exits.)
Ross : What are you reading? The Kidnappers Guide to Manhattan Private Schools?
Ross : Uh, I actually haven?t even met him.
Ross : Well actually, I?m picking Ben up tomorrow, maybe he?ll be there.
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Hey I uh just picked up Ben from school?
Ross : I dropped him off at Carol?s. (To Phoebe) Anyway, it turns out that I?m not going to be able to get those tickets though.
Ross : Well it turns out that Ben and Sting?s son do not get along.
Ross : Apparently, Sting?s son made fun of the fact that Ben?s moms are lesbinims.
Ross : Phoebe, you can?t force kids to be friends.
Ross : Playpen?! Ben?s seven!
Ross : Look I?m sorry Pheebs, I can?t do it.
Ross : What?
Ross : Look Phoebe, I?m sorry it?s just?
Ross : Phoebe, I?
Ross : You?re gonna love me so much. I got Sting tickets!! (Holds up two.)
Ross : Well?let?s just say? (singing) Rosss caaaaan!
Ross : Uh, middle balcony.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Oh great! Hey-hey Joey, do you want to check out pictures of me and Mona ice skating?
Ross : Hey where-where are the pictures that creepy pretzel vendor took of us together?
Ross : Wow! That is a good one! Wow, it looks like a, like a holiday card y?know, with the tree in the middle and the skaters and the snow.
Ross : (pause) Together? Like-like to people?
Ross : Okay. (Not happy about it.)
Ross : Uh sure, sure.
Ross : I know. Can you believe that?
Ross : Married couples send out cards, families send out cards, people who have been dating for a couple of months do not send out cards! What-what is she crazy?!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Huh. Wow, this is great.
Ross : Well, we-we haven?t said that to each other yet, but I guess its okay to say it to other people.
Ross : A hundred?! Well, I-I guess I?ll take a?Mona, uh?I-I?m not sure about the whole uh, card thing.
Ross : Sending out a holiday card, together, I mean I just don?t know if we?re really quite there yet.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Huh.
Ross : Hmm?
Ross : Let?s do the card!
Ross : The card! I think we?re there!
Ross : Really?! I mean, even with the card?
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Oh yeah, yeah we?re moving forward. You?ll be getting our card!
Ross : Yeah, we?re not just doing a card! Y?know, she-she also wants to have the conversation about where the relationship is going.
Ross : I know! I know! Why do you guys need to have this conversation?! Huh? I mean no self-respecting man would ask a woman, "So, where is this going?"
Ross : Hey! You were a closed book! Okay? I?m not a mind reader! Besides, I hate those conversations. I?m horrible at them. Really! Maybe-maybe I need kind of a gesture. Y?know, something that says we?re moving forward without having to talk about it.
Ross : Smaller than that.
Ross : Uh, bigger than that.
Ross : Whoa-hello! We were closer with the mixed tape.
Ross : Yeah I-I don?t-I don?t think I?m quite there yet, but I could say I looove spending time with you.
Ross : Forget it. I-I?Y?know what? I?ll just have the conversation. I?ll just say I like things the way they are, and hope for the best. What do you think Rach?
Ross : Here we go. Mona umm, I think it?s time we-we had a conversation about-about where things are with us.
Ross : Aw, we-we are so?(Motions that they?re connected.) So umm, well I-I-I like you and I-I love umm, y?know hanging out with you. And I mean-I?m having a lot of fun. (He pauses and thinks there might be more, but decides there isn?t.)
Ross : I mean, there?s no point in spending time with someone if-if it?s just fun. It?s gotta be, it?s gotta be going somewhere right? So where-where is it going? (Pause) Ah! That?s-that?s the real question. And-and the answer is?is it?s going somewhere?fun. Now I-I know what you?re thinking, fun was fine for you like ten years ago y?know, but you?re-you?re not getting any younger. No I mean?No not you, not you, you?you are getting younger. I mean?you-you look like you?re getting younger by the second?What?s your secret?
Ross : Well, well to sum up, we?re having fun, you look young.
Ross : But that?s not enough. So? So?here?s a key to my apartment. (Hands her his key.)
Ross : Really.
Ross : Not just a key, I gave her the only key! I am now a homeless person in a very serious relationship.
Ross : Oh great, I live on the street.
Ross : Okay, and oh I?m gonna need a bunch of extra keys. Apparently I give them away for no reason at all.
Ross : No. That guy is.
Ross : I?m trying to tell you I made you a mix tape.
Ross : I love you!
Ross : Hey! Oh, I?m so glad you guys are here. I?ve been dying to tell someone what happened in the Paleontology department today.
Ross : Professor Neuman, the head of the department, so?.
Ross : No, I get to teach one of his advanced classes! (Pause) Why didn?t I get head of the department? (Goes and gets some coffee.)
Ross : ?which brings us back, of course, to Greely?s theory of dominance. (The bell rings.) Okay, that-that?s all for today. Oh, uh does anyone know where the Freeman building is?
Ross : What?! That-that?s all the way cross town, I?m supposed to teach a graduate seminar there in ten minutes.
Ross : Move it! Move it! Move it!! Hey!!! I?m the teacher!!
Ross : Hello. (He throws his jacket towards the coat rack and misses.) I?m sorry I?m a little late. Ah?(Checks his watch)?Whoa! A lot late. Let me start by uh, by introducing myself, I am Professor Geller. (The bell rings.) So to sum up, I?m Professor Geller. Good job today.
Ross : No, I ran. It was really far, and when did people stop understanding the phrase, "Get the hell out of my way!"
Ross : Ugh, between the traffic that time of day and all the one-way streets it?ll take me twice as long. Besides, I teach the class three times a week, who am I? Rockefeller?
Ross : Well I have to. Okay? If I don?t, they?ll take the class away from me. And?I already put it in my family newsletter.
Ross : You?ve seen it, the Geller Yeller.
Ross : Besides, I-I think I figured out a much faster route, I?m sure I can make it this time. I just?I just can?t be afraid to get a little bit?hit by cars. (He goes to the bathroom as Joey enters.)
Ross : Yeah!!!! Yes, I made it! I?m on time! (Grabs a bottle of water from a student, takes a drink, and splashes some on his face like the marathon runners do.) Okay, why don?t we all uh, (Exhales loudly) open our books to page 23. Where? (Exhales again) Where you will see?a uh?a bunch of uh?red spots. Okay, (Closes his book.) umm, why don?t, why don?t you all start to read, while I?(Passes out and collapses.)
Ross : Phoebe!!
Ross : Right.
Ross : No-no, we talked about it. We don?t want to know. All we care about is that it?s happy and healthy.
Ross : And smart!
Ross : With an aptitude for science.
Ross : Really? Me too!
Ross : Maybe. But it wouldn?t hurt to have a backup, you know? Uh, Rach-Rach, what were you thinking? (Gives her a look)
Ross : Huh. That?s a really pretty name for-for an industrial solvent.
Ross : Well, OK, it?s for a boy. Well, I know it?s a little out there, but?Darwin.
Ross : You?re just saying that 'cause I said no to your name!
Ross : All right.
Ross : That sounds fair.
Ross : Veto.
Ross : Rain? Hi. Hi, my name is Rain. I have my own kiln, and my dress is made out of wheat.
Ross : Okay, how about, for a guy, Thatcher?
Ross : Fine, you go.
Ross : Huh.
Ross : Oh, veto. How about?Ooh, I like Ruth! What about Ruth?
Ross : Veto. Stewart?
Ross : Veto. Helen?
Ross : I don?t think you had an open mind about the name Ruth. I mean, come on, little Ruthie Geller, how-how cute is that?
Ross : Uh, no. No, we?re not.
Ross : No, no, we want to wait, right?
Ross : What? Rach! Come on, that?s terrible! They?re?uh?they?re babies. They?re-they?re all beautiful.
Ross : Yeah, why is it staring at me? I think it knows I?m talking about it. (Rachel starts to peek at the file) Don?t-don?t you?Wh?Wha?Hey!!
Ross : You?re looking!
Ross : I saw you!
Ross : Shame on you! Ugly baby judges you!
Ross : No, no, no, no! Don?t tell me! I don?t want to know!
Ross : Momentary lapse. Don?t-don?t you have any self-control?
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Rach, I-I can?t tell you how-how much that means to me! Ohh? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You-you hated the name Ruth! Why-why would you change your mind? Unless, you know we?re never going to have to use it. You did see the folder. You know it?s a boy!
Ross : I don?t think so! You?re just giving me Ruth so you?ll get to name it when it?s a boy, and that?s when you?ll swoop in and name him Heath or Blaine or Sequoia.
Ross : Veto.
Ross : Unless? (Rachel groans.) You anticipated that I would figure all this out and you know that it actually is a girl, and you really do want her to be named Ruth! Well, I?m not falling for that! Okay? Ruth is off the table!
Ross : Not like this!
Ross : So, I uh? I called the doctor and now we both know the sex of the baby.
Ross : That?s right. The student has become the master.
Ross : Oh, come on, you know it?s a girl!
Ross : You really didn?t know?
Ross : No.
Ross : No.
Ross : Yes. I?m? I?m sorry. I?m so sorry.
Ross : I know! I know. You know what? I?m putting Ruth back on the table!
Ross : Permission to veto.
Ross : (from outside the bathroom) Hello?
Ross : (entering) Well hey! What?s going on? Ooh, cool boat?(Sees why the boat?s there)?Oh, no. (Averts his eyes by looking around the room) (To Rachel) Hey, did you, did you tell them?
Ross : (crying) I hope you?re a better father than you?re a friend!! (Cries again and Joey wakes up in horror.)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : What?! It is?! (He tries to quickly remove his gloves, but runs into trouble and finally throws them off of his hands like a hockey player in a fight and grabs Rachel?s belly.)
Ross : Hey, when-when was it kicking? What happened?
Ross : My God, the baby?s kicking. That?s great. Although I?kinda wish I-I would?ve been there to feel the kicking for the first time y?know.
Ross : Look, I-I don?t want to miss anymore baby stuff. So?Here. Here?s my new pager number, okay? Anytime anything pregnancy related happens use it! I?ll be there! Okay? I don?t care if it?s three in the morning and all you want is ice cream.
Ross : (rushes in) Is everything okay?
Ross : Your page said come to the hospital, what? What was it? What happened?
Ross : Oh. Oh. Thank God, most women don?t even feel them.
Ross : Oh when you beeped me I was on line at the concession stand at the movie theater.
Ross : No I?Mona!
Ross : What? Why? What?s wrong?
Ross : No really, you tell me what?s up.
Ross : (To Joey) So, thanks so much for bringing her to the hospital.
Ross : Yeah but still, I mean it should?ve been me. I?m the dad. Dr.
Ross : Hey uh, I brought you some lunch.
Ross : Well yeah!
Ross : What?! What?! Rach what?!
Ross : I made her favorite, tuna salad with pickles.
Ross : (to Rachel) I-I?m sorry Rach, I didn?t know. Are you gonna be okay?
Ross : I can?t believe this! I shouldn?t be the one making her throw up!
Ross : Yeah? Not to you, because you know this stuff. I don?t know any of it and I?m the father. I wish I?d be more involved y?know.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : No I-I-I would love to be around for you and the baby. And we-we can just try it like on a temporary basis.
Ross : So? Sure! But it-it wouldn?t be anything romantic. And I?m-I?m dating Mona?Damnit Mona! I was supposed to meet her like an hour ago! What is wrong with me?!
Ross : No! No it?s not. Joey, this is a smart idea.
Ross : Really?
Ross : Oh Rach that?s great. That?s great. (They hug and Joey breathes a sigh of relief.)
Ross : Oh, I?m actually on my way to tell her right now. Yeah, she?s been away all week visiting her parents, but she?ll be cool. I mean, she?s been so supportive. She-she even got the baby a tiny T-shirt that says, ?Fossils are my friends.?
Ross : Uh, I?m going to take off.
Ross : What is it?
Ross : All right. (reading the label) ?Candy and Cookie??
Ross : Hey, what?s behind your back?
Ross : You don?t want my opinion?
Ross : Come on, I?m your older brother, ask me!
Ross : (quietly) The red one.
Ross : Hey! (they hug) So, how was Atlantic City?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Wha?? Oh, come on. You didn?t have to?saltwater taffy?! (Mona laughs) Thanks! This is interesting. You know, most people think this is made with sea water, but it?s actually made with, uh, salted fresh water. That?s not interesting.
Ross : I do too! I missed you!
Ross : Oh, it was good! It was good. Actually, the baby started kicking!
Ross : Yeah! I know! It was. Oh? the only sad thing is I wasn?t around when it happened for the first time.
Ross : Yeah, I?m missing out on all this other stuff, too. So, Joey suggested Rachel move in with me.
Ross : What?
Ross : (not amused) Huh?uh-huh.
Ross : (with his mouth full) Just a second! (he fake laughs, but turns his head and starts to break down) Commercial Break
Ross : I don?t know, she seemed to think it was such a crazy idea! Um, plus, she, uh, she got me taffy!
Ross : Ever?!
Ross : Oh, no, no, no, I will! I just want to butter her up, first! You know, I?m going to take her to an amazing Valentine?s dinner. Do all this romantic stuff, and then, just when she thinks I?m the best boyfriend in the world, then I?m going to tell her that my pregnant ex-girlfriend is living with me.
Ross : Well, I?m, uh, going to pick up Mona. What have you got going tonight?
Ross : Y?know, it?s interesting! Most people think that?s made with seawater, when in fact?
Ross : (opening the door to see Mona standing there) Mona? What are?hi! What are you doing here? I?m, um, supposed to pick you up!
Ross : (he makes some really weird noise hear that sounds kind of like?)Ayyyayyyy!
Ross : I have no idea!
Ross : Uh?lately, she just likes hanging out here.
Ross : I think she?s lonely.
Ross : I know.
Ross : No, no. She?s way to emotional. And by emotional I mean crazy. (Doorbell rings)
Ross : Mm-hmm. She?s?she?s emotional, but, but ballsy.
Ross : And you thought she was going to be in our way! So, why don?t you, uh, open the champagne, and I?ll be right back. I?ve got a surprise for you.
Ross : (fakes a laugh) Please start drinking! (exits)
Ross : (handing Mona the present) Happy Valentine?s Day! ?Or something to remember me by.
Ross : Hey, hey, man!
Ross : Uh?Mona just dumped me.
Ross : Well, with everything that?s been going on lately, I haven?t exactly been the perfect boyfriend. You know, I, uh, I didn?t tell her I got Rachel pregnant. I gave her a key to my apartment, and then had the locks changed! And then I lied to her about Rachel moving in with me. In a way, I actually judge her for not breaking up with me sooner, you know?
Ross : Yeah. Wait a minute. What are you doing here? Joey Tribbiani without a date on Valentine?s Day? What?s going on, huh? Girl trouble?
Ross : Really?!
Ross : Oh, sorry. Well, look, maybe I can help you with it.
Ross : Hey, whatever it is, I am sure it has happened to me. Y?know, actually once?once I got dumped during sex. (Two girls sitting at a table next to them look up in disgust, and Ross and Joey move away)
Ross : Anyway, so, uh, so what is it?
Ross : C?mon! Joey! What is it?
Ross : Hey, hey, it?s me. Why can?t you tell me?
Ross : She?s not a Tribbiani?
Ross : I knew it. So, is she someone from work?
Ross : Well, uh, does she like you?
Ross : Why not?
Ross : So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh? is he still in love with her?
Ross : Okay. Um? is he a good guy?
Ross : Then talk to him! He might be fine with it.
Ross : Joey, it?s worth finding out. I mean, if you really like her.
Ross : Okay, Joey, you know what? You have to go for it. How often does this happen to you, huh? You owe it to yourself.
Ross : I?m going to?uh?I?m going to, um, put the bourbon in it at home.
Ross : Anyway? seriously, uh?just?just talk to the guy, okay? And tell me how it goes. (walks towards the door until?)
Ross : So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh? is he a good guy?
Ross : Then talk to him! He might be fine with it.
Ross : Joey, it?s worth finding out. I mean, if you really like her.
Ross : Okay, Joey, you know what? You have to go for it. How often does this happen to you, huh? You owe it to yourself. (Walks towards the door until?)
Ross : (closes the door) Did you um?I?m sorry, did you just say it?s Rachel?
Ross : Um, you?you like Rachel?
Ross : Rachel?!
Ross : But R-R-Rachel-Rachel?!
Ross : It?s not a big deal? Oh, I?m sorry I just?um, I?what about all the stuff you-you just said? I mean how about, I like?you-you can?t stop thinking about her. Like how you can?t sleep?
Ross : Rachel who?s carrying my baby? Rachel?
Ross : Y?know what? I-I gotta go. (Starts to leave.)
Ross : (stops) I just?y?know?I-I just have one?Rachel?! (He exits and starts to walk away, passes a window, stops, and says "Rachel?!" again. Joey sighs and turns around to face Gunther.)
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Oh y?know, I still?I can?t believe it. Joey and Rachel I mean it?s? It?s like you and me going out, only weirder!
Ross : Oh my God! What if, what if they get married? Then he?d be the stepfather of my child.
Ross : Sure, because women never like Joey. Y?know, I think he?s a virgin.
Ross : He?s not?
Ross : Why?
Ross : Hate him? I? No, I don?t hate him. (Pause) It?s just it?s Rachel, y?know?
Ross : Okay. Okay, I?ll talk to him.
Ross : Hey.
Ross : No, I don?t want to hit you.
Ross : No.
Ross : No, no I don?t want to do anything to you. All right? I just want to tell you that I?m not mad at you and?and that I certainly do not hate you. I just, I just came here to say that. (Starts to leave.)
Ross : Uh?yeah sure. (Enters.)
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Thank you. (They clink glasses and take a drink. Ross likes it, Joey hates it. Then Ross sees Joey hating it, mimics he hates it as well.)
Ross : What?! You?re in love with her.
Ross : Umm, no.
Ross : I think you need to tell her how you feel.
Ross : No, I?m serious. You-you need to find out where she is, because if she?s not where you are, then you can start to move past this.
Ross : If she is where you are then uh?then my feeling weird about it shouldn?t stand in the way.
Ross : Yeah. Look if-if she?s gonna end up with somebody else, the truth is she couldn?t find a better guy. So?
Ross : So when do you think you?re gonna talk to her?
Ross : I?m understanding, but let?s not get carried away.
Ross : Yeah, tell me about it. (He stands up, turns his back to Joey, and enjoys another sip.) Commercial Break
Ross : (entering) Hey! Has anyone seen my shirt? It?s a button down, like a, like a faded salmon?
Ross : Faded salmon color.
Ross : Great! Great. Then I must?ve left it at Mona?s. I knew it!
Ross : That?s my favorite shirt! Okay? I love that shirt!
Ross : I don?t know. I mean I-I guess I could. It?s just that we didn?t really end things such good terms. And if I go over there I?d be ignoring the one thing she asked me to do when we broke up, jump up my own ass and die. (Walks away.)
Ross : Mona? (There?s no answer, so he starts to leave but remembers where her extra key is. He reaches atop a hall light just outside her door and grabs the key. He looks at in triumph as the pain from it being hot moves along his nervous system to his brain, and when it arrives his brain orders his hand to drop the hot key and his mouth to squeal in pain. After dropping the key he pulls his shirtsleeve over his hand and uses the key to open the door and enter Mona?s apartment.) Okay, if I were a salmon shirt, where would I be? (He hears a key in the door and as it opens he dives behind the couch.)
Ross : Hello!!
Ross : Not touching myself if that makes anyone less uncomfortable.
Ross : (on phone) Item J437-A,
Ross : You do?
Ross : (faking starting to cry) Oh God you?re right.
Ross : Sure. Yeah.
Ross : Uh, yeah, you sure you want to after what happened at their 20th?
Ross : Okay, hopefully this time mom won?t boo you.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Aww that is so cool.
Ross : (picking up Chi-Chi?s picture) Aww! Chi-Chi! Oh, I loved this dog! Y?know Monica couldn?t get braces because Chi-Chi needed knee surgery.
Ross : You were the 200-pound 11-year-old who rode her! (Phoebe and Parker enter)
Ross : Ah, actually, I?m sorry we-we probably should get going.
Ross : Well, there is an Arby?s in the shape of a tee-pee.
Ross : So uh, he seems like a nice guy.
Ross : Ya wanna hang back and take our own cab?
Ross : Hi! (Kisses his mom.) Hey mom.
Ross : That?s a good question, dad. That?s a good question?
Ross : Wha?What? Mrs.
Ross : Dad so what we have to pretend that we?re married? Mr.
Ross : Can you believe that?
Ross : No, us having to lie about being married.
Ross : Hi Aunt Lisa, Uncle Dan Aunt
Ross : We love marriage! Aunt
Ross : Hey
Ross : I?m so we weren?t in the car! Did he ever let up?
Ross : (imitating Parker) This room! This night! That waiter! His shoes! I must take a mental picture! (He backs into someone.) Ooh sorry?(He looks behind him then notices its Phoebe then stops his impression.)
Ross : That depends, how much did you hear?
Ross : What was wrong with Mona? Commercial Break
Ross : Yeah baby!
Ross : No, no, it was just our parents and 1 or 2 friends. It was a small wedding.
Ross : Would you excuse us for a second? (Pulls Rachel off to the side) Umm?. what are you doing?
Ross : Okay, okay. Ooooh, ooh maybe I rode in on a Harley.
Ross : Well, um, actually, I-I took her to the planetarium. That?s-that?s where we had our first date. Um, she walked in and I had the room filled with lilies, her favorite flower? Aunt
Ross : Then, Fred Astaire singing The Way You Look Tonight came on the sound system, and the lights came down. And I got down on one knee and written across the dome in the stars were the words "Will you marry me?" (Various oohs and ahhs)
Ross : Oh, no, Mom, it?s just Monica this year. Mrs.
Ross : No, of course, Um? Um, everybody? Um, I-I just wanted to say?on behalf of my new bride, Rachel (She turns around and smiles), and myself. Umm, that if?if in 35 years, we?re half as happy as you guys are, we?ll count ourselves the luckiest people in the world. Mrs.
Ross : ?and then, we could?ve gone from the ceremony to the reception with you in the sidecar!
Ross : But having a dove place the ring on your finger would?ve been no problem?
Ross : Yeah! And! And, it was the easiest 400 bucks I?ve ever made.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : I know, I know it was stupid.
Ross : No, actually I thought about it when, when we were going out. It?s how I imagined I uh, I would ask you to marry me.
Ross : It?s a good thing I didn?t do it, because it sounds like it would?ve been a very expensive wedding. (Rachel laughs) Okay, good night
Ross : Even if the sidecar had a windscreen so your hair wouldn?t get messed up?
Ross : That?s all I?m askin? Ending Credits
Ross : Y?know I don?t understand why they didn?t cry. It was a beautiful speech.
Ross : Hey! All that stuff you said about true love, you were right, I mean, we did learn a lot from Mom and Dad! And that picture of Chi-Chi with her mischievous grin. And what you said about Nana. Ohh, yeah she really would?ve wanted to be there. And you know what? I think she was.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Why?d you say no?
Ross : Just then or-or all the time, ?cause we-we have jobs y?know.
Ross : Shhh! We?re not talking.
Ross : Uh, double latte, extra foam.
Ross : (popping up behind Joey wearing an Indian headdress) Come on, it's fun!
Ross : Are you serious?!
Ross : Wow! We are pretty good at this!
Ross : Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
Ross : It tastes like feet!
Ross : Are you kidding?
Ross : (leaning into the recorder as well) Who just lost the respect of her unborn child. The
Ross : Yeah, so far nothing stupid.
Ross : Uh no, no just-just that he is a great guy.
Ross : Yeah, you too.
Ross : All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damnit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes (kisses Joey).
Ross : Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... (Stops suddenly and turns to look at Monica) Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?! Phoebe and
Ross : Your make-up! [The next one is from Episode
Ross : Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we?re face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we?re-we?re butt to face.
Ross : I would say that.
Ross : Okay, here I go.
Ross : I prefer not to answer that right now, I?m still carrying a little holiday weight. (Ross continues to climb down. He puts his other foot further down on Joey?s torso, but that doesn?t work very well and he?s forced to wrap his legs around Joey. Which then forces Joey to get a nice and close view of Ross?s crotch.)
Ross : It really was. (Suddenly Rachel clears her throat and the camera cuts to the rest of the gang staring at them. Needless to say Joey and Ross are shocked and slowly turn their heads to see the gang.) [Cut to the interview.]
Ross : Hi Jill.
Ross : Amazing! Amazing! The
Ross : Wow! This picture of you sure is steamy.
Ross : Did you just wink at me?
Ross : Oh cool!
Ross : Well do you want some help?
Ross : Awesome!
Ross : (simultaneously with Chandler) Yeah!
Ross : Well uh, I-I?m a paleontologist. Umm, I-I live in New York. I have a son Ben. Uh, hi Ben! (Waves.) And uh?
Ross : I?m sorry, I don?t believe contestants are allowed to talk to each other.
Ross : The wheel has not been my friend tonight Joey. Uh, I?ll take another question.
Ross : It?s okay, I?m ready.
Ross : (exhaling) The fear of Triscuts!
Ross : It?s possible, they have really sharp edges.
Ross : Wait a minute, I-I believe I?m entitled to use my Angel Pass for a free turn?
Ross : Y?know what? You?re just upset because you?re losing.
Ross : What?!
Ross : (To Chandler) You don?t think it?s a little crazy that you get all my points just ?cause you?
Ross : (excited and simultaneously as Chandler) Hungry monkey! (To Chandler) Haaa! (To Joey) I?d like a Wicked Wango card!
Ross : (thinking) Oh. (Pause) Oh! Oh my God! Okay, I know this, give me-give me a second!
Ross : Shut up! I Dream of Genie!
Ross : I?d like to spin the wheel! (Joey makes a sound like a game show wheel spinning with the pointer bouncing off of the bars on the wheel as it slows and comes to a stop.)
Ross : Is there a hopping bonus?
Ross : Ben Franklin.
Ross : Queen Victoria.
Ross : Noooo!!! Every time!!!
Ross : Yeah!!
Ross : (entering, out of breath) Hey!
Ross : I just Bamboozled Chandler! (Flexes in victory while everyone stares at him.) Which is not uh sexual thing. That was a quick shower.
Ross : Wow! It looks like we got a lot of good stuff.
Ross : (excited) A Play-Dough Barber Shop?
Ross : Uh, what?
Ross : What?You?re not serious. I mean she?s a very nice woman, but there is no way we can take eight weeks of her. She?ll drive us totally crazy. Mrs.
Ross : Hi roomie! (Hugs her and looks at Rachel.)
Ross : Well we?we don?t have a garage. Mrs.
Ross : Y?know what? Maybe, Mrs. Green, it?s not absolutely vital that you live with us. Mrs.
Ross : I?m-I?m sure that?s not true.
Ross : Well uh, y?know what? Even if she doesn?t know anything, I do! I have a son. And his mother and I didn?t live together, and whenever he was with me I took care of him all the time, by myself. Mrs.
Ross : Yeah. Mrs.
Ross : That?s a different issue. Uh, the point is, when the baby comes I will be there to?to feed her and bathe her and change her. And more than that I want to do all those things. Mrs.
Ross : Yes! Yes, you?re gonna be so missed. Mrs.
Ross : Well you?re gonna be a wonderful grandma. (They hug.)
Ross : Oh, come on, every first time mother feels that way. You?ll?you?re gonna pick it up. (Rachel doesn?t believe that.) Hey! You will! Uh look, y?know when you first came to the city? You were this spoiled helpless little girl who-who still used daddy?s credit card. Do you remember?
Ross : Look at you! What?You?re-you?re this big executive! You are much more capable than you give yourself credit for. I-I have no doubt you?re gonna be an incredible mother.
Ross : I?m telling you.
Ross : Oh. (Rachel and he start to stand up.) Mrs.
Ross : You sure?
Ross : All right then. (Gets up, in an announcer?s voice) Rachel Green! Let?s play Bamboozled! (Reading from a note card.) How do you test the temperature of the baby?s bath water?
Ross : Excellent! How do you put a baby down for a nap?
Ross : That?s correct! This is an audio question, what do you do when the baby makes this sound? (Makes a sound like someone is choking a cat.)
Ross : Excellent! Excellent, now-now do you want another question or a Wicked Wango card?
Ross : Hey you guys I got some bad news. (He sets the stack of papers down on the table.)
Ross : No, Monica?s restaurant got a horrible review in the Post. (They all gasp.) I didn?t want her to see it, so I ran around the neighborhood and bought all the copies I could find. (He hands the paper to Phoebe and they all read it.)
Ross : Umm?
Ross : But the good news is, no one in a two-block radius will ever know.
Ross : Yeah, they all know.
Ross : (startling him) What?! What?
Ross : Are ya?
Ross : What are you doing up?
Ross : Okay look, I had a lot of water before I went to bed. Can we do this after?
Ross : It?s funny you should mention diapers.
Ross : Okay look, there?s nothing to worry about. We have plenty of time. There?s a great baby furniture store on west 10th. Tomorrow, we will go there and we will get you everything that you need. Okay?
Ross : (interrupting her) Okay. Okay. If uh, if you?re gonna do this, then I?m gonna do that. (Points to the bathroom.) So? (Starts for the bathroom.)
Ross : (annoyed) Yeah!
Ross : (stunned) (thinks) Well uh?
Ross : Oh.
Ross : We are having a baby together, but we?re not involved. (The cashier, a very beautiful woman, looks confused) I mean, uh we-we were seeing each other a while ago, but then we were just friends. And then there was one drunken night. (Rachel looks at him angrily) Or, yes stranger, we?d like this delivered please.
Ross : Oh, okay.
Ross : I chose those, I?m a paleontologist.
Ross : Yeah! I-I teach it in my class.
Ross : That?s my gym.
Ross : I am like Indiana Jones.
Ross : My son? Pretty serious. (There?s a knock on the door and Ross answers it.) Oh hey Katie! (The cashier from before) What uh, what are you doing here?
Ross : Ah, must?ve been fairly obvious since it was the only thing left in your store.
Ross : Oh. (Reaches into his pocket for some money as Rachel enters the living room and watches holding two stuffed dinosaurs.)
Ross : Oh! Wow! Uh, yeah! That sounds great. I?m just gonna put this (The money) back in my pocket, pretend that didn?t happen. Uh yeah, actually I?m free now. Do you wanna grab some coffee or?
Ross : (To Katie) Yeah, I?m just gonna grab my coat. And uh, and my whip. (Katie looks worried.) Y?know because of the Indiana Jones? (Katie laughs) Not-not because I?m-I?m into S&M.; (Katie?s worried again.) I?m not-I?m not into anything weird. Y?know? Just-just normal sex. (Katie is uncomfortable.) So, I?m gonna grab my coat. (Does so, leaving Katie and Rachel alone.)
Ross : Hey.
Ross : How are you?
Ross : Uhh, it was fun. We, we just had coffee.
Ross : What?s uh, what?s going on? Do you not, do you not like Katie?
Ross : I liked her.
Ross : Did you get like a fresh batch of pregnancy hormones today?!
Ross : Why? What was wrong with her?
Ross : Okay, so what?s the matter?
Ross : (laughs) Why? What, what are you jealous?
Ross : Okay.
Ross : I won?t date. I?ll uh, I?ll be here, with you, all the time.
Ross : True, but you?re allowed to be unreasonable. You?re having our baby. (Pause.)
Ross : Do you feel better?
Ross : Uh Rach?
Ross : Just one thing umm?
Ross : We live together. You?re having our baby. I?m not gonna see anybody else. Are you-are you sure you don?t want something more?
Ross : Oh-oh, Rach! I was just messin? around! (She?s stunned) Like you did last night when I had to pee?
Ross : (pause) Okay. Okay. Because for a minute you said you?
Ross : ?that you actually?
Ross : Rach?
Ross : The bathroom?
Ross : Hey! What are you guys looking at?
Ross : Yeah? Wow! It looks really violent!
Ross : Now I cannot wait to see this.
Ross : Uh sweetie, maybe you?d be more comfortable here? (Gets up from the green armchair.)
Ross : Look, I-I know how miserable you are, I wish there was something I can do. I mean I wish I were a seahorse. (She glares at him) Because with seahorses it?s the male, they carry the babies. And then also umm, I?d be far away in the sea. (He sits back down.) (Rachel turns and looks at the group on the couch and they move over. Chandler measures the room they?ve made with his arm and decides it?s not enough and they all move over again.)
Ross : (entering) Hey is Rachel here? We have a doctor?s appointment.
Ross : Rach, we gotta go.
Ross : People ask me why we?re not together, I just don?t know what to tell them.
Ross : Uh, do you wanna go change first? The doctor?s keeping the office open late for us, but if you hurry?
Ross : Really? You don?t think that?s a little inappropriate. (She?s wearing a tank top and has her belly sticking out.)
Ross : Fine! Fine! Y?know what? Whatever you want. Okay? You?re the mommy.
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Uh-huh.
Ross : Mmm?
Ross : Wow!
Ross : Oh nothing. Nothing! Just uh, you?ve been a little short with me lately. I?m not trying to irritate you.
Ross : Y?know what? The doctor will be in soon, why don?t we not speak until then.
Ross : Y?know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that?s half human and half pure evil! (Dr. Long enters.)
Ross : (to Rachel) Oh, you?re nice to her.
Ross : Do them!! Dr.
Ross : You?ve got to be kidding me! Commercial Break
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Yeah, we tried them all. We went for a walk, uh we tried a special tea, caster oil, spicy food nothing has worked.
Ross : It?s sex.
Ross : Monica!
Ross : Monica, what is the matter with you?
Ross : What?! While she?s been going through this hell, you?ve been making money?! You?re betting on your friend staying in this misery?! (Phoebe lowers her head and shakes it yes.)
Ross : What?!
Ross : Can I get some of that action?
Ross : Come on, finish your enchilada.
Ross : Okay here, have one of these peppers. Oh ha? Oh God! So?so hot! (Rubs his eyes.) Oh my?(Laughs.) By the way, you don?t want to touch the pepper and then touch your eye.
Ross : Stop it.
Ross : I?m sorry, but we have to have some boundaries! My God, I?m dying.
Ross : This is insane, I?m not gonna make love to you just so that you?ll go into labor.
Ross : Always a great way to get in a man?s pants.
Ross : I love when you talk dirty to me.
Ross : Okay enough! This is, this is not going to happen.
Ross : Y?know what?
Ross : Forget it.
Ross : I?m getting that baby out of you! (They kiss again.)
Ross : Oh, I know.
Ross : I am good. Okay! Okay! Uh, I got the pillow! I got the bag! You got the keys?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : We?re having a baby. (They hug and then kiss one more time.)
Ross : Not so much.
Ross : All right! (Checking his watch) Yes!! From home to the hospital in under seven minutes! We did it!!
Ross : No, but come on, we?re off to a great start aren?t we? I knew I?d get you here fast, but this has got to be some kind of a record! (Phoebe and Monica walk in from getting some coffee.)
Ross : Wait a minute! How-how the hell did you beat us here?
Ross : N? No! We took a cab too, but I did test runs! (Chandler and Joey enter from the vending machines carrying sodas.)
Ross : Okay is there?some kind of magic tunnel to this hospital?!
Ross : Okay. Okay. (To the nurse behind the desk.) Umm hi, this is Rachel Green. I?m Ross Geller. We-we called from the car.
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : I really think they?re out of rooms.
Ross : Well then we?d be in a lot of trouble, you don?t know where any countries are. (Rachel glares at him.) Okay. (He goes over to the desk followed by Rachel.) Uh, say would you umm? Would you mind checking again to see if any umm, private rooms may have (Handing her some money) opened up?
Ross : What-what?
Ross : Thank you.
Ross : Yeah, guess so. Whew! Check these out! (He?s looking at the stirrups on the other bed in the room and Rachel groans. Ross then hops into the bed and puts his legs into the stirrups.) Never done this before.
Ross : Hi! Hi, I?m uh Ross. I?m here to ruin this magical day for you.
Ross : Hi Julie.
Ross : This is Rachel. (Points at her.)
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Umm say, I-I opened this earlier (The privacy screen) but let me give you guys some privacy.
Ross : Oh, okay.
Ross : What?
Ross : Oh. Okay, just breathe.
Ross : (simultaneously as Rachel) We?re not gonna do that.
Ross : Uh yes! Thank you.
Ross : Later.
Ross : Oh uh, I?m sorry. (Runs out.)
Ross : Hi! I?m so glad you?re here, but it?s gonna be a while. I-I wished you?d called first. Mrs.
Ross : Oh good. Mrs.
Ross : Okay, what?s up? Mrs.
Ross : Ma, you?re asking me to marry you? Mrs.
Ross : Mom no, come on! Thank you. Mrs.
Ross : N-no! Okay? We?ve been through this! We?re not gonna get married just because she?s pregnant, okay? Mrs.
Ross : Mom, y?know what? I-I can?t deal with this right now. I?m sorry? Mrs.
Ross : Gimmie! (Takes the ring and puts it in his coat pocket as Rachel enters the hallway.)
Ross : ?she came and dragged me out of the labor room to ask me why I?m not with Rachel.
Ross : Are you kidding? Look, we?re not gonna be together just because we?re having a baby. Okay?
Ross : Okay, stop it! I can?t deal with this right now. I have to go have a baby.
Ross : (To Rachel) Hey. Who?s that?
Ross : What happened to the Disgustingtons?
Ross : Wow! Sorry. So uh, how are the new people?
Ross : Yeah? Okay.
Ross : Umm. Umm, I?m-I?m just gonna?(Closes the privacy screen.) Evil
Ross : No-no, I?m?I?m sure no one was looking. Just want some privacy. (He closes the screen and stares wide-eyed at Rachel.) Evil
Ross : Just ignore them. (Sick Bastard sits down in a chair that enables him to look around the screen and stare at Rachel.)
Ross : What? What?
Ross : (to him) Hey! You wanna live to see your baby?! Evil
Ross : The nurse said they?re bringing in another woman.
Ross : That?s it. That?s it. (The next couple enters.)
Ross : Just three?! I?m dilated three! Dr.
Ross : Actually it?s more like this. (Pushes her hands to less than an inch apart.)
Ross : Uh Rach?
Ross : And yet somehow it?s true!
Ross : (To Rachel) Squeeze your legs together and cover the baby?s ears!
Ross : (softly) Really?
Ross : Oh there you go!
Ross : No-no. We?
Ross : Um uh?We?re-we?re just having this baby together but uh, uh that?s all.
Ross : Uh well umm?we?re just not in that place, y?know? But we?re very excited about this.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Not just Janice, Janice in labor, contracting and everything.
Ross : Y?know what I think it is? I think you?ve made such a nice home for her over the last nine months that she just doesn?t want to leave.
Ross : Sweetie you?re doing great.
Ross : What? You do? You do? (Looks) Oh my God!
Ross : What is that? Dr.
Ross : Oh thank God, I thought she had two heads.
Ross : Go! Dr.
Ross : Yes you can!
Ross : Hey! Hey! Come on! You can! I know you can do this! Let?s go!
Ross : No! Come on let?s?One more time! One final push! Ready? 1?2?3! (Rachel pushes so hard her head snaps up head-butting Ross and knocking him down.) Dr.
Ross : (from the floor) Keep pushing!
Ross : You have no idea how much this hurts. (All of the women in the room turn and glare at him.) Keep going! Keep going! Dr.
Ross : Oh! Oh! She?s upside down but she?s coming! She?s coming!
Ross : Oh! Oh my God oh! Oh my God she?s here. (The newest friend cries.)
Ross : Oh she?s?she?s perfect.
Ross : Oh it?s okay. They?re just-they?re just wrapping her up.
Ross : Oh, come in.
Ross : The doctor says it?s completely normal with all the hormones. Plus, you-you?re sleep deprived.
Ross : Uh actually, we-we?ve narrowed it down to two names.
Ross : Wow! Umm, okay uh?everyone?this?is Isabella. (Rachel starts crying.) What?
Ross : Umm, Delilah.
Ross : So I guess we?re back to uh, Baby Girl.
Ross : Ugh, easy for you to say, you already know what your kids names are going to be.
Ross : (entering) Hey Janice!
Ross : Who?s this little guy? (Gasps when he sees Aaron.)
Ross : No-no. No.
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Man! Did you see the kid on that nose?
Ross : Huh?
Ross : Yeah. Yeah, it really was. But we?we gotta be careful. We?we can?t let that happen again, y?know?
Ross : I mean we don?t want to go down that road do we?
Ross : Oh my God! I?m sorry, I was talking to this nurse, completely forgot.
Ross : Yeah. She?s putting her down now, that?s her. (Points to the nurse putting Emma now.)
Ross : Look at Emma!
Ross : Oh what are you kidding? She?s gorgeous, it?s all Rachel. (Pause)
Ross : It?s?it?s complicated okay?
Ross : Look, we?ve been together. Okay? And then apart, and then together, and then apart, and now we have a baby. (Pause) It?s just if-if we got together again and it didn?t work out?I could never do that to Emma. I mean she-she thinking everything?(Starts to cry.) Oh that?s?now me. What do they put something in the water in this place? Since Rachel and I we?re doing really, we?re doing really well right now.
Ross : Yeah, exactly.
Ross : Hey Joey. (To Rachel) Hey you.
Ross : You?re weird today. (He turns to Rachel and Joey puts the ring back.) (To Rachel) Listen I uh, wanted to talk to you about something.
Ross : Uh Joey, can you give us just a minute?
Ross : What?
Ross : Hey, where?s uh, where?s mom? Mr.
Ross : Uh Dad, Emma?s in the nursery. I?ll take you now. If you want, but (To Rachel) I really want to talk to you.
Ross : What about Ben? Mr.
Ross : Oh well yeah, actually I was going to talk to her when you guys all came in the room.
Ross : Yeah right.
Ross : What?! When have I ever touched myself in front of you guys?
Ross : Dad seriously! Y?know you really should see someone about that! Mr.
Ross : I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay alone for a bit? Mr.
Ross : (noticing something) Actually umm? (He turns Mr. Geller?s head to look at Emma.)
Ross : Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. I?ll guess just?I?ll come back. (Ross exits followed by Joey.)
Ross : Dad, what are you doing? Mr.
Ross : No! Mr.
Ross : Y?know what? I don?t like you without mom. (To Joey) Come on. (Walks away.)
Ross : Hi!
Ross : What, that we had a baby? Come on let?s give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic fruit earlier.
Ross : What?
Ross : Phoebe, there is no secret. Okay? I didn?t propose.
Ross : (pause) I am a doctor! Y?know what? I?m just gonna go and talk to Rachel myself.
Ross : No! No, come on let her sleep! She?s so exhausted.
Ross : What? (Motions for Phoebe to go outside with him.) Oh my God! She-she thinks we?re engaged! Why? Why? Why would she think we?re engaged?!
Ross : I didn?t give her that ring!
Ross : No!
Ross : It?s mine.
Ross : Yes!
Ross : No!
Ross : No!!
Ross : Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to propose to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybe?kinda?wanted ah?start?things up again.
Ross : Look, I didn?t want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn?t want to either. But I don?t, I don?t understand how any of this happened! What? Did she find the ring in my jacket, assume that I was going to propose, throw it on, and-and just start telling people?
Ross : Well I didn?t! I didn?t propose! (Pause) Unless uh? (Pause) Did I? I haven?t slept in forty hours and?it does sound like something I would do. Commercial Break
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Listen, I um? I heard about the engagement.
Ross : And confused. Rach, sweetie, I-I um?I didn?t propose to you.
Ross : I don?t think you do.
Ross : Poor baby, you?re so tired. Rach, I didn?t propose to you, Joey didn?t propose to you, and Chandler didn?t propose to you.
Ross : Joey proposed to you?
Ross : Hey, wait! Wait-wait-wait! Joey, did you propose to her?
Ross : Wait! Whoa-whoa, you?you gave her the ring?
Ross : Whoa! You were down on one knee?
Ross : Then what did happen?
Ross : Whoa! Hey! Whoa-whoa-whoa, you saw her breast?!
Ross : What?!
Ross : Uhh? No. (An awkward silence follows.)
Ross : But I-I was going to see if y?know, maybe you uh, start dating again but that?I mean that-that was all, Rach.
Ross : No, you didn?t!
Ross : (To Joey) I can?t believe you told her I was going to propose!
Ross : Hey, I?m not going to rush into anything!
Ross : What?
Ross : Thank you. (The nurse exits.)
Ross : Good weird?
Ross : We?re so lucky.
Ross : Look, I-I know it?s not a proposal and I don?t know where you are, but with everything that?s been going on and with Emma and?I?ve been feeling?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Okay, well, that? Wow, okay, well, umm?then maybe, at least we can, we can talk about us again.
Ross : Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y?know if we?if? You?re wearing the ring. (Pause.)
Ross : And you told Phoebe you were engaged.
Ross : When you thought Joey proposed did?did you say yes? Closing Credits
Ross : You said you?d marry Joey?
Ross : So you said yes to him, and you just had our baby?
Ross : So when I came in here to see if you wanted to maybe start things up again, you were engaged to my best friend.
Ross : Well, Chandler?s my oldest friend, but Joey?s my?No! Ah! (points at Rachel)
Ross : Rachel said she?d marry you?!
Ross : (enters from the bed room) Okay I put most of the stuff away.
Ross : In the closet.
Ross : Linen closet.
Ross : In the hospital.
Ross : No I left the diapers at the hospital! There?s some in the bag but I?ll run out and get some more.
Ross : Sure what kind?
Ross : Please take your time, it?s an important decision. Not like, say, I know! deciding to marry someone, this is about a muffin.
Ross : Blueberry it is.
Ross : Hey Gunther, can I get a couple of blueberry muffins to go? (He puts a bag with diapers in it on the counter.)
Ross : Yep.
Ross : Yep, can you believe it?
Ross : Huh? Ooh (laughs) you mean like a? Huh?
Ross : Ah actually we don?t. (Ross walks off)
Ross : (turns back) What! (Angrily) You didn?t do anything wrong?!
Ross : Okay let?s put aside that you (Makes quote marks with his fingers.) "accidentally" picked up my grandmothers ring and you (Does it again) "accidentally" proposed to Rachel.
Ross : And I can even understand that you couldn?t tell Rachel, but why couldn?t you tell me, huh? You had all day to and you didn?t.
Ross : Not using it right, Joe. (He brings his hands in closer to his face then does it again.)
Ross : I?m gonna go.
Ross : Give me the bag.
Ross : Joey!
Ross : I?m not gonna hit you.
Ross : No I don?t.
Ross : No.
Ross : No!
Ross : Give me the bag.
Ross : Give me the bag.
Ross : Joey, give me the bag.
Ross : Joe I?m not kidding?
Ross : No!
Ross : You ducked!!
Ross : Oh my god, this really hurts!!!
Ross : What is the matter with you?!?
Ross : Why don?t we talk about this on the way to the hospital?
Ross : I broke my thumb.
Ross : You know what, you can go, I just have to fill out some forms. (Tries to hold the pen but can?t)
Ross : Why, does it look like I?m having trouble with my misshapen claw? (He hands Joey the form)
Ross : Just Ross!
Ross : You know my birthday.
Ross : October 18th.
Ross : Actually I?m a palian? Dinosaurs is fine? the drawing is not.
Ross : Ah, Rachel I guess.
Ross : Just ah? just put roommate.
Ross : I don?t think that we are.
Ross : Well, I thought so too, but then she said she?d marry you.
Ross : Yeah that?s what she said.
Ross : So I don?t wanna be just anybody.
Ross : You know what, it?s, it?s better this way anyway. I mean I don?t know what I was thinking, going down that road again with us. It?s just much easier if we?re just friends who have a kid.
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Yes. I mean, it?s what we always planned. And if you have a plan, you should stick to it. That?s why they call them plans. Hello? (Pause) I?m fine.
Ross : Hey there you go! (Smiles because Joey used it correctly)
Ross : Hey.
Ross : Ah I had a little thing with Joey, if you think this is bad you should see him.
Ross : Okay.
Ross : What, Rach?
Ross : (smiles) Right.
Ross : Well, that?s what I?m here for. (Emma starts crying again) Want me to get that?
Ross : Hey! So what's the big news you had us rush all the way over here for?
Ross : Oh my God!
Ross : Monday?!
Ross : You can't go, I mean you're the glue that holds this group together!
Ross : Not you.
Ross : I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't affect your milk.
Ross : Rach, you don't have to call whenever you have a little question, okay? Trust me, I know this.
Ross : Rachel, I can see you dialing! I don't understand why...
Ross : (Enters from his bedroom)Who the hell was that?!
Ross : Rach, you can't call people at three in the morning.
Ross : Was there anything you did wrong with Emma?
Ross : Well, what was it?
Ross : Rach, I told you, you can't call him every time any little thing comes up.
Ross : Dr. Gettleman? Yeah I know, I don't think that's a good idea. In fact, I think he's dead.
Ross : Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not feeling all that well.
Ross : You know? Come to think of it, it does feel Rubella-like! (Walks back into his room.)
Ross : (Comes back into the living room) Rachel!!!
Ross : Thanks doctor. Dr.
Ross : You even have to ask?! (He grabs a lollypop out of a jar) (Sees Rachel) (To Rachel) He is alive!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : You promised you wouldn't say anything.
Ross : He's a brilliant diagnostician!
Ross : Why? Why? I know it's a little weird, but hey, he's a great doctor, okay? He knows my medical history, and every time I go in there, he makes a big deal. 'Ah look, it's my favorite patient!'
Ross : Hey, I seem to remember someone bringing his security blanket to college!
Ross : It didn't spend much time on the wall!!!
Ross : Excuse me, I don't mean to be a jerk, but the baby with the rash came in after me.
Ross : With the circus? He's behind the elephant.
Ross : Yeah, that's how I know. I'm Ross by the way.
Ross : I am a single parent.
Ross : Well, let's say, I don't know, you met someone in the pediatrician's office.
Ross : Hmm, yeah. (To a random boy in the waiting room) Come on Ross jr. It's time to go in.
Ross : Hey, I helped you find Waldo!
Ross : (Enters) Oh good, you haven't left yet.
Ross : I got held up at Dr. Gettleman's office. There was some guy that freaked everybody out.
Ross : Oh man.
Ross : sure.
Ross : people (shakes head, they sit) so why you all dressed up.
Ross : oh yea now um how is that going, is it getting serious?
Ross : you know I really admire your whole dating attitude, it's so healthy I'm always like is this moving to fast? Is this moving to slow? Where's this going?
Ross : but you, your so much better off you just go from guy to guy having fun and never worrying that it terns into anything serious.
Ross : There isn't that's what I'm saying. (All happy)
Ross : I know and yet here you are all ready for the next date.
Ross : no, no, no there's nothing wrong with you I mean you don't strike me as the type of person that wants to get married anyway.
Ross : please don't cry because of me Pheebs I don't know what I'm talking about, I've been divorced three times.
Ross : I'm sorry I didn't catch.
Ross : Oh Ross Geller
Ross : do you have a compact in your purse?
Ross : you look great. Opening Credits
Ross : so how'd the date go?
Ross : So he hasn't called?
Ross : now I feel terrible this is all my fault.
Ross : We are a rare breed.
Ross : (He knocks at the door, Mike opens it) Hey Mike sorry to just drop by like this, can I come in?
Ross : I'm Ross, Phoebe's friend from the coffeehouse.
Ross : yeah I really, really need to talk to you about something.
Ross : (laughs) No
Ross : Damn super cuts!
Ross : oh no yeah, no Phoebe is great, but umm I'm an idiot look right before you guys went out I accidentally got her all upset.
Ross : yes, yeah I said something stupid about her never having had a serious relationship, but you should know she is so much fun, a wonderful person please don't blow her off.
Ross : well then I didn't need to bother you or the four other Mike Hanagen's I bothered.
Ross : of course she has. if she'd never had a serious relationship I'd go round broadcasting it like some unstoppable moron.
Ross : yes, yes I did. and I will also say what I'm about to say Vis-?-vis the following Phoebe has never had a serious relationship since her. super-serious relationship with. Vicrum.
Ross : WHAT THAT'S A REAL NAME!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : YAY! (He continues the happiness with her by dancing around) quick thing, I went to talk to Mike.
Ross : oh boy you got mad at that part. I went over there to tell him how great you are but you know me BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, and I ended up telling him that.
Ross : umm. that you had a six year long relationship with a guy named Vicrum.
Ross : well he seemed to bum hard that you'd never been in a serious relationship.
Ross : well Phoebe, I think you'll feel better when you know a little bit about Vicrum, His a Kite designer (He makes a wow face) and he used to date Oprah. (He makes another wow face)
Ross : Good yeah just be honest with him.
Ross : I'll get it
Ross : (They kiss and the phone rings and machine picks it up, its Ross putting on an accent pretending to be Vicrum) This is Vicrum.
Ross : So, so, is Mike coming to dinner?
Ross : Actually, um, I was thinking maybe both of us could go.
Ross : Thanks, I put a lot of extra thoughts on your gift.
Ross : Alright, we'll just, uh, see when you get here. Bye. (hangs up) Huh, that was my mom, she's stuck in terrible traffic.
Ross : Oh, what were the other two?
Ross : I know, it's the first time, we're leaving the baby and ... hey, I know how hard it is for you, but ... but Emma is gonna be fine. My mom is gonna be with her. She's great with kids.
Ross : Ya.
Ross : Hey, you only heard Monica's side of that. That little fatso was a terror.
Ross : Rachel, I know that you can. And you should.
Ross : Really, it would be good for you and in fact, why don't you, why don't you go ahead to the restaurant and I will wait for my mom and then I'll meet you there.
Ross : No, no, really. You should go. Just go! Go! Go out! Really, the world is your oyster. Kick up the heels. Paint the town red. (Slang right?)
Ross : I'm serious. C'mon, you should go. Here. (shoves her outside, while she tries to stay) No, uh-uh, just go.
Ross : No! No, you know what? (closes the door) You [can't get in there] (?), the baby's fine, now squam (?). Yeah, [I told you a|Tell your] story walking. (?)
Ross : Oh, (door is locked) holy moly are we in a pickle now.
Ross : Okay, well the ??? is not home.
Ross : Oh-oh, wait, my mother is gonna be here any minute. And she has the keys.
Ross : I would, but I bruise like a peach. Besides, y...you know, everything is gonna be fine. The baby's sleeping.
Ross : Can't hold her own head up, but yeah jumped.
Ross : Rach you did not leave the water running. Please, just pull yourself together, okay?
Ross : You never cooked since 1996. (Actually Rachel cooked in "609 - TOW Ross Got High", first aired 1999-11-25.)
Ross : Oh my god, you know what, yeah, I think you're right. I think .. listen, listen!
Ross : A pigeon, a pigeon. (previously scared Rachel turns away) No, no wait, no-no, an eagle flew in. Landed on the stove and caught fire. The baby, seeing this, jumps across the apartment to the mighty bird's aid. The eagle, however, misconstrues as an act of aggression and grabs the baby on its talon. Meanwhile the faucet fills the apartment with water. Baby and bird still up lays (?) are locked in a death grip, swirling around the whirl pool, that fills the apartment.
Ross : Great. So let's get going?
Ross : Somehow over time it got easier to be apart from you.
Ross : I'm so sorry ...
Ross : And then Rachel wasn't sure she could leave the baby.
Ross : What?
Ross : Thanks. Oh.
Ross : Y'know this ??? is incredible.
Ross : Okay, I'll have the fixed salad and the duck.
Ross : Rach, c'mon, Emma is fine. You're turning into an obsessive mother. Okay, you need to stop.
Ross : (childish) Huh-huh, they already know it.
Ross : W-oa ... Mommy! (gestures to his not understanding mother)
Ross : Well, ??? think that's us?
Ross : You know, I think that's a good idea--our babysitter just pounded in another Chardonnet. (both get up) Bye, y'guys.
Ross : ... finally...
Ross : God, you're amazing... I didn't even have to ask you to call me that.
Ross : Weh...*sigh*
Ross : Yeah, It's just... I don't think I can do this...
Ross : No, NO! (they're moving to the side of the bed, where they sit down) Look, I need to talk to Joey. I mean, you guys just broke up. Before anything more happens between us, I need to know he's okay with it.
Ross : Alright, I'm gonna go find them... (twitches a bit, looks down) I just need a... need a before I can... you know. (gestures standing up... they sit and wait for a while) Grandma... grandma... grandma... (he tries to concentrate...) Okay, I see you later.
Ross : Hey, what are you guys doing?
Ross : Okay, uhm... Hey, you guys seen Joey anywhere?
Ross : Well, if you see him could you please tell him I'm looking for him?
Ross : Thanks! (walks out of the room and starts hugging the wall) Thank you! (closes the door)
Ross : (knocks on door) Rach, you there? (Joey and Rachel both get up from the bed)
Ross : (knocks) Rach?
Ross : Is everything okay?
Ross : Hey.
Ross : You know where Joey is?
Ross : Can I talk to you for a minute?
Ross : And then she told me that she and Joey had broken up, and that part of the reason was that she had feelings for me.
Ross : And you know I wanted to ask Charlie out since the day I met her.
Ross : Anyway, one thing lead to another, and... oh... before you know it, we were kissing. I mean, how angry do you think Joey is gonna be?
Ross : You know, I gotta go find him. He's gotta be here someplace.
Ross : Seriously... What is it?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : You guys ready to go?
Ross : Dude! You're not taking your Bible?
Ross : Learn about Jesus... (Charlie now also enters the room, Chandler walks to the bathroom)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Uh, no... no. I couldn't find him. I'm just gonna talk to him on the plane.
Ross : Stop it!
Ross : You're filthy! (Phoebe enters)
Ross : Uh, actually I think she went to the salon.
Ross : Ye... Yeah... Yeah... You got shellfish in your head.
Ross : You've never said that in your life, have you?
Ross : I thought so.
Ross : Oh, I uh, I mean, I... dude, I spent the whole conference with Charlie.
Ross : No, I'll do it. (he quickly grabs Joey's boarding pass and gives Joey his one.)
Ross : Right, I'm gonna go talk to Joey. I think this is the right time. He's always in a good mood after the flight attendant says "duty free".
Ross : Hey Rach...
Ross : Do you mind if I sit here for a sec.?
Ross : Hey!
Ross : So, I uhm... kinda need to talk to you about Charlie.
Ross : Okay, last night after you guys broke up... so sorry to hear about that, by the way... Well, Charlie and I were talking, and..., well...
Ross : Wha... (gasps) What? What would give you that idea?
Ross : Yeah, we kissed, but... nothing else... nothing else happened, okay.
Ross : What?
Ross : Are you serious?
Ross : I am speachless... I mean the fact that you would put my happiness first like that. I mean, you're an incredible friend, you know that?
Ross : No, I mean it. You are so loyal man, and selfless, and generous...
Ross : You know what? I know Chandler longer, so I always think of him as my best friend, but now... I may have to rethink some stuff...
Ross : Hey, if there is ever, anything I can do for you...
Ross : Thanks!
Ross : Hi!
Ross : Ah, yeah. We had a really good talk.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : Oh, no, it's great. It's great. He is... He is an amazing guy.
Ross : Well, I'm so excited about this.
Ross : Are you kidding? I have had some very dirty dreams about this...
Ross : (gasps) Hi... There she is. Hi Emma. Oh my God, I missed you. (kisses her) Oh Emma, I missed you so much. Hey... Did you have a good time with grandma Green? Huh? Did she give you a bottle of anti-depressants again to use as a rattle? (to Rachel)
Ross : Ooh hey, Emma, daddy has some presents for you okay? Okay? I want you to wait right here. Come here sweetie.
Ross : (unpacking his bag) Okay, shoot!
Ross : (gasps) OH NO!
Ross : Oh, major shampoo explosion!
Ross : Oh, it's all over everything. Why? Why me? (looks up)
Ross : I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You were saying?
Ross : Oh, not another one! Oh my G... And this is moisturiser. It's even harder to clean! Why? Why do bad things happen to good people?
Ross : Duh, you think? (enters the kitchen)
Ross : So you two are..? Joey and
Ross : And have you .. ed?
Ross : But if I hadn't walked in here, would you..?
Ross : I'm not going nuts. Do you see me go nuts?
Ross : Hey, hey, hey... If you two are happy, then I'm happy for you. (Squeaky.) I'm fine!
Ross : Absolutely. (Very Squeaky.) I'm fine! Totally fine. I don't know why it's coming out all loud and squeaky, 'cause really, (deep voice) I'm fine. I'm not saying I wasn't a little surprised to see you guys kissing. I mean, at first I was like.. (Screams.) But now that I've had time to absorb it; Lovin' this.
Ross : It's all working out! Me & Charlie, and you two. You know what we should do?
Ross : No. We should all have dinner. Yes, we'll do it tomorrow night. I'll cook!!
Ross : Weird? What? What's weird? The only thing weird would be if someone didn't like Mexican food, because I'm making fajitas!! (Storms off.)
Ross : I thought I heard voices! Hi Charlie! (Kisses her.) Hi Joey. (Hugs him.) And.. Oh! You're gonna have to introduce me to your new girlfriend. (Laughs.) I'm just kidding, I know Rachel, I know. (He squeezes her hand.) Come, please come in. Come in.
Ross : Oh! That is so thoughtful. (To Joey.) She's a keeper. And what did you bring me? (Grabs the bag that Charlie brought for Joey.)
Ross : Underwear, a toothbrush, and Van Halen CD. I can use all these things!!
Ross : What? Fine? Because I am! Aren't you? Aren't you? Aren't you? You see? Who else is fine?
Ross : You know what? That is a very good idea. I'm gonna go make a pitcher of Margaritas. (Does a Mexican dancing-thing before going to the kitchen.)
Ross : The first batch of margaritas was not so great, but the second batch is gooooood.
Ross : Oh, guys, this is fun, isn't it? You know? Just the four of us. Just hangin'.
Ross : I'm fine! Hey, I'm great! I'm just.. I'm just proud of us. There's no weirdness, no tension.
Ross : We make a great foursome. We should do more stuff together. Ooh! Let's take a trip. Okay, where do you think we - we can go? (The oven timer pings in the kitchen.)
Ross : My fajitas!! (He runs off to the kitchen.)
Ross : Fajitas! Be careful, very hot plate, very hot plate!!
Ross : That is gonna hurt tomorrow!
Ross : Everyone? I would like to make a toast to Rachel and Joey.
Ross : And to love. Ah, love. L-O-V-E, love. L is for life. And what is life without love?
Ross : O is for "oh, wow!" The V is for this very surprising turn of events, which I'm still fine with by the way. E is for how extremely normal I find it. That you two are together. And now one day you might get married and have children of your own. (Ross chokes up and pauses. Rachel and Joey look at him.)
Ross : Totally.
Ross : No!
Ross : Wasn't it? And you thought it would be awkward with Joey and that you never really liked Rachel.
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Okay, I guess it's just flan for three! Hey, hey, that rhymed!
Ross : Oh, oh. Of course. God, I'm so stupid. You guys are a couple now. I mean, you probably just want to be alone.
Ross : Hey, hey, it's fine. It's totally fine. We've got plenty of margaritas. It's all good. (The oven timer pings again.)
Ross : I don't even know what that's for. (He goes back to the kitchen.)
Ross : Thanks. Did you stay here all night?
Ross : So you took off my pants and shoes?
Ross : What do you mean?
Ross : Hey, what are you talking about? I'm fine!
Ross : Except we're not. I mean, we haven't been a couple in like, six years. Oh my god, is that right? Has it been that long?
Ross : This is crazy. I mean, six years? And because of me you guys aren't gonna be together? Can I ask you something? Really, what is this thing with you and Rachel?
Ross : Joey.
Ross : And she feels the same way?
Ross : Well, then, maybe it's time we all moved on.
Ross : No, but I wanna be. Hey, I will be. Besides, I'm with Charlie, right? Oh my god, I'm still with Charlie, aren't I? I mean, she didn't see the dance, did she?
Ross : Yeah, I'm sure.
Ross : (looking at Monica's legs) WOW!
Ross : I'm sorry, it's just... how did you get so tan?
Ross : Eh, you got a spray-on tan?
Ross : (laughing) Why, why you do, like with the-the toe separators?
Ross : Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean, it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one!
Ross : So, do you get colours or just French tips?
Ross : Thanks. (he takes the card) Hey, I know where this place is! It used to be an X-rated video... (pauses when he realizes what he is saying) florist. (he goes away) (Phoebe enters)
Ross : Well... I like how you look, what are you?
Ross : Two, I think a two.
Ross : Spray, count, pat, then turn, spray, count and pat.
Ross : Well, I have a PhD, so... (assistant walk out, not impressed by this statement) (Ross takes his bathrobe off and he enters the tanning booth. He stands up in front of the red light and the sprayer starts and sprays his face and torso)
Ross : One Mississipi, two Mississipi, Three Mis...(the sprayer starts again, spraying him in the face and torso again) WAIT! WAIT! I'm not-I've not finished counting!! (he leaves the booth) (the assistant enters the room)
Ross : You sprayed my front twice!
Ross : No, I barely even got to three Mississippi.
Ross : Mississippilesly? (pause) Well, how bad is it?
Ross : So, how dark is it gonna get?
Ross : I'm a four?
Ross : (sarcastically) Really!
Ross : (annoyed) Ok! (The assistant leaves and Ross goes back in the spray-on tan booth and turns his back to the spray nozzles, facing the back wall)
Ross : Wait, wait a minute, there's no light on the back wall! How do I know when it's gonna start? Hello? (he slowly turns and the spraying begins, on his face) Ah, oh, ah! (he turns, but then he turns again and is sprayed in the front again) Ah! (he spits and angrily goes out of the spray-on tan booth and the assistant enters the room) The same thing happened again!
Ross : (hysterically) I'm an eight!
Ross : I went to that tanning place your wife suggested.
Ross : Oh! And it gets worse! (Turns his side to Chandler and Monica and pulls up his shirt. There's a distinct line across his body, where his belly is very tanned and his back is very pale.)
Ross : (looks at her suspiciously) How do you count to five?
Ross : (Yells) Damnit! (Goes to the door to leave. Rachel just enters, sees him and starts laughing)
Ross : (Still yelling) I Know!
Ross : I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them all on my back.
Ross : Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one is it? (He turns around frantically from side to side.)
Ross : Which... which... which... Which one is it? (He then stops turning, facing one of the nozzles, which starts spraying in this face and front again.)
Ross : OH! SON OF A BITCH! (He now turns to the other side, which also starts spraying his face and front.)
Ross : Go away! I don't want to see anybody.
Ross : Really? Did you count Mississipily? (Ross walks to the door and opens it.)
Ross : Dude, you're not tanned.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : No.
Ross : C'mon you guys, this is really important to us.
Ross : Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing weird sex stuff to my little sister.
Ross : (he enters) Hey guys! Rachel and
Ross : Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video.
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet?
Ross : Ah, and where is Joey?
Ross : (taping Joey with the cam) Hey, there is uncle Joey!
Ross : Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday!
Ross : Joey, NO!
Ross : When they see this you'll be 52!
Ross : (points the camcorder towards them to record their entrance) Hey!
Ross : (pointing the camcorder at himself) There's something you didn't know about your dad!
Ross : Oh, great!
Ross : Thank you so much for that gift! Chandler (nearly
Ross : Amazing... amazing.
Ross : Sure.
Ross : Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say for bachelorette parties?
Ross : I am this close to tugging on my testicles again. Rachel (on the
Ross : Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby's face off the penis, so we can put it on the bunny. (pause). That is a weird sentence!
Ross : Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could go and get the cake.
Ross : Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh? (takes the camcorder and points it at Monica and Chandler) Ok!
Ross : You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh?
Ross : (Into receiver) Hello? (listens) Oh no! What happened? (listens some more) Ok ok, where are you? (Grabs a pen and starts writing). Ok, I'll be right there. (Puts the phone down)
Ross : No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot her licence so now I have to bring it to her.
Ross : No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes back here and all you guys are gone?
Ross : Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves! (leaves)
Ross : RACHEL!
Ross : (sarcastically) I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a good driver. (Ross fastens his seat belt.)
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else. (he opens the box)
Ross : Rach, she's not going to remember this.
Ross : (looks back at the cake) Hey!
Ross : It's not bad.
Ross : Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this to make ears.
Ross : Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into woodland creatures. [
Ross : Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs.
Ross : Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means...
Ross : Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake.
Ross : Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow out the candle. Come on Emma.
Ross : What's wrong? Are you okay?
Ross : Okay, you ready?
Ross : A-a-and... record.
Ross : Hey...
Ross : (surprised) Oh... (he pauses) (sounds disappointed) Ohh... I'd love to but I really have to grade these papers.
Ross : (Writing on the papers) B, B, B, B, B!
Ross : Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. (they start kissing but someone knocks at the door)
Ross : Damnit!
Ross : (he opens the door) Hi Amy!
Ross : Still sharp as a tack!
Ross : (pause) Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together last year... I had a baby with your sister!
Ross : (gives up) Yes, yes, you did.
Ross : Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need pec implants!
Ross : Ehm... Her name is Emma.
Ross : What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart!
Ross : (to Joey) Oh my God!
Ross : What... what you working on?
Ross : Why don't you use your Thesaurus?
Ross : Watch. (he takes the laptop) Here, you ehm... You highlight the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest.
Ross : Seriously?
Ross : Well, do you wanna marry him?
Ross : Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it!
Ross : No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting?
Ross : I don't think that's what this is.
Ross : (He interrupts her immediately, and drags her by her arm to the other side of the room) Well, can I talk to you for a sec.?
Ross : Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child.
Ross : Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!
Ross : Fine, we'll call the next one Ella.
Ross : (a little confused) Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby.
Ross : I... I don't know..
Ross : Hey guys. Monica and
Ross : Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. (Wants to take the hat off, but Rachel tries to stop him).
Ross : Why not?
Ross : Come here (Removes Emma's hat) Oh! There she is! Hi! (Rachel looks worried)
Ross : (sees how strangely Monica, Chandler and Rachel are looking at him) What?
Ross : (Back to Emma) Hi! (Looks at her) What... (Moves the stroller away from him so he can get a better look at her. He looks at her confused. Finally he realizes the difference and gasps). Please tell me those are clip-ons.
Ross : Did she (points at Amy) do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her!
Ross : That's not a thing!
Ross : (very angry) Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna...
Ross : (pointing at Amy, shouting) No more falafel for you! (Amy looks at Ross, angrily. Rachel clearly doesn't understand what he meant and looks at Ross who gestures "later".)
Ross : Pheebs, what's wrong?
Ross : So, did he get on one knee, did he have a speech prepared, or (in a tender way) did he cry? (the guys look at him) Yeah, big surprise, I like proposals!
Ross : (to Charlie) Hey!
Ross : Guess who's a finalist for a huge research grant! I'll give you a hint, he's looking right at you.
Ross : Oh, I'm so excited, I mean, apparently I beat out hundreds of other applicants, included five guys I went to graduate school with. Not that I'm keeping score or anything... five!
Ross : Well, ok, it's for 25 thousand dollars. And if I get it, I'll finally be able to complete my field research! And there will be an article about me in the "Paleontology Review"! Yeah! That'll be the first time my name is in there, without people raising serious questions about my work!
Ross : Yeah. Why?
Ross : Your ex-boyfriend?
Ross : So, your ex-boyfriend is gonna determine if your new boyfriend gets this grant? Wow, your new boyfriend is screwed!
Ross : Well, if you think it would help.
Ross : Ok, now, is there anything I can do to... you know, butter him up? Anything he really likes?
Ross : We'll see how dinner goes.
Ross : I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart. I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley or C3PO?
Ross : Well, I... I am having a good hair day.
Ross : I'm ok.
Ross : It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize, (he thumbs up) whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of the reasons I got into the field.
Ross : No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image, you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... (laughs nervously)tzz-zzz, mmm.
Ross : Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert.
Ross : See, there are still several areas that haven't been fully excavated.
Ross : What?
Ross : Did you just say "break up with Charlie"?
Ross : Kind of inappropriate, don't you think?
Ross : Are you serious?
Ross : No!
Ross : (Rolls his eyes) I guess!
Ross : (shocked and confused by the question) What? I... I... (Benjamin looks at him as if to say "What's wrong? Answer the question")
Ross : (annoyed) May 12th?
Ross : (even more shocked) Wha..? I need 6 graduate students.
Ross : Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my questions have anything to do with Paleontology.
Ross : (annoyed) um... I've never heard of a "Boscodictiasaur".
Ross : (stares at him angrily) Ok. (determined to spell it correctly) B - O - S ...
Ross : Oh come on!!
Ross : Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps? (Now yelling) Aunt Margaret's pants size?
Ross : (Sarcastic) No! Stop!
Ross : (Skeptical) Really?
Ross : I have to break up with Charlie?
Ross : You're crazy.
Ross : Crazy!
Ross : (Yelling) Get out! (Benjamin leaves)
Ross : Your ex-boyfriend is insane.
Ross : No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your ex-boyfriend is still in love with you.
Ross : Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't give you up.
Ross : Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review, who was the voice of "Underdog"?
Ross : If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay? I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question.
Ross : Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do you spell Mboscodictiosaur?
Ross : Damnit!
Ross : I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the voice of Underdog!
Ross : No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in the eyes, and tell her the truth.
Ross : Too little, too late, Benji!
Ross : (indignant) No!
Ross : What?
Ross : or...
Ross : Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a little uncomfortable.
Ross : Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE! COMMERCIAL BREAK
Ross : Hey you guys!
Ross : Hey, what are you doing?
Ross : Yeah!
Ross : There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact that this is gonna cost you a lot of money.
Ross : Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that.
Ross : I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture!
Ross : No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset. [pause] But maybe the time after that! Opening Credits
Ross : (he enters) Hi!
Ross : Oh, good!
Ross : Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists out there.
Ross : There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under a bridge!
Ross : Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground!
Ross : Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and fire!
Ross : Be-caaauuuse...
Ross : Seriously?
Ross : (sarcastic) And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie!
Ross : Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and you'll see!
Ross : Space is filled with orbiting children. (pause) Look, please, just come on, you know, when you'll see the look on Emma's face, I swear you won't regret it.
Ross : Good, you don't want to be one of those mothers who pass on their irrational fears on their children, do you?
Ross : Oh, yeah, that's the same, I am sure there are thirty different species of poisonous swings!
Ross : Ok.
Ross : Rach, she's got like three hairs!
Ross : I promise you she's safe! No watch how much she loves this.
Ross : Here we go! (He starts pushing Emma)
Ross : See, I told you!
Ross : Oh, absolutely!
Ross : Ok! (he takes the camera and walks backwards to take a shot) See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly (a swinging boy knocks him down) Ow!
Ross : SON OF A BITCH! (turns to his right to see three kids staring at him) (To the kids) Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! (They go away)
Ross : No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that (point to the kid that kicked him) kids fault. Who is still laughing. Nice.
Ross : No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing, okay? And you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.
Ross : Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your silly fears.
Ross : Good.
Ross : (He freaks out and starts jumping around brushing his sweater) WHAT? WHERE? WHERE?
Ross : I know. (Rachel bends down to Emma and Ross looks over his shoulder again, afraid)
Ross : (nervously) Ok...
Ross : (Gasps and speaks at a higher pitch) This feels perfectly normal. Ok, get on the swing!
Ross : See?
Ross : There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore.
Ross : Well... (realizes, screaming like a little girl, trying to get rid of the spider) Whaa... aaah... aaahhh... (Ross is now preoccupied with the spider, and forgets that Rachel is still using the swing. While trying to get rid of the spider, he stands in front of Rachel, who bumps into him, throwing him on the ground again.)
Ross : Are you kidding?
Ross : (skeptical) That doesn't sound like you... That's Monica talking!
Ross : She's putting words in your mouth!
Ross : Hey! Hey, guess what Joey has!
Ross : Dude, I wanted him to guess.
Ross : Guess where they are?
Ross : Did I do something to you?
Ross : So?
Ross : He's right, man.
Ross : We're still going at the game, right?
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : Oh! What a game, huh?
Ross : I can't believe Chandler is missing this!
Ross : Yeah, I'd probably enjoy it more if you didn't keep batting my hand away.
Ross : I know, I know! When I was here for Holidays on Ice (Joey looks around worried hoping no one heard that) I was sitting so far away Michelle Kwan couldn't read my banner!
Ross : Oh, but it's a kind game! So we're a little late, you know, the girls will be there, let's stay just for one more goal.
Ross : One more fight!
Ross : Okay.
Ross : Forty-five minutes.
Ross : (handing him his coat) Here!
Ross : You may want to lose the foam finger!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : We're late too! (Rachel screams)
Ross : So, nobody's here? Monica's gonna kill us!
Ross : Yeah, yeah, what's with the trophy!
Ross : You won an adult Thanksgiving day spelling bee.
Ross : Let me see this... (he takes the trophy from Rachel's hands) Grand Supreme Little Darling, New York Division.
Ross : You entered Emma into a Beauty Pageant?
Ross : I can't believe this, she's our daughter! That you would treat her like some kind of showdog is inexcusable!
Ross : So this is an annual thing?
Ross : Yeah. What are we gonna do?
Ross : Ooh, we'll say that we were mugged! You can't get mad at someone who's been mugged!
Ross : (to Joey) HEY!
Ross : I got mugged. And they stole my pocket.
Ross : (sarcastic) That would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have lying around.
Ross : (Reading the note) We know you're out there. (Rachel gasps)
Ross : Well, let's just go in there and face them.
Ross : What is that?
Ross : Wha...? Oh sure, now they lock it, but when they're having sex on the couch, its
Ross : Come on you guys, we're sorry, alri...? Our subway broke down.
Ross : (to Joey, who is wearing a blue, 3 foot hand) FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE IT OFF!! (takes it off his hand and throws it on the floor)
Ross : How are we gonna decide who gets this?
Ross : That's worse than no food. [cut to Monica and Chandler] (Monica looks insulted)
Ross : I don't know...
Ross : (Staring back, and then breaks off) (To Phoebe and Rachel) Yeah, he can do it! (Rachel finally manages to open the door, but the door chain is on.)
Ross : I feel terrible. Phoebe and
Ross : So bad.
Ross : Really girls, not cool.
Ross : It's a day to be thankful.
Ross : Yeah! Let's go out.
Ross : Okay.
Ross : I gave them to Joey.
Ross : (looking at Joey's butt) I'm finding it really hard not to mess with him.
Ross : Nice! (The phone rings in Chandler and Monica's apartment)
Ross : I'm just so happy you guys are finally getting a kid.
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Come on, she's gonna love you guys!
Ross : (entering) Hey!
Ross : Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice.
Ross : (he takes a baby blue beret out of a shopping box and puts it on) How does this look?
Ross : C'mon! This looks good!
Ross : Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool!
Ross : Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.
Ross : You're wearing the same shirt.
Ross : You know, we should just go, I'm not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous! (Rachel arrives with a lot of clothes)
Ross : Rach, come on, I'm not gonna wear any of this! (he picks up a shirt) Nothing silver. (Rachel sighs). Ok? Nothing with hair! (Rachel sighs again) And nothing with padlocks on it! (Rachel heaves a long disappointing sigh).
Ross : (feeling the fabric) Wow, this is really soft (he looks the price). Three hundred and fifty dollars?
Ross : Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe (walking to Ross carrying a black leather
Ross : Wow!
Ross : Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah!(he turns and watches his back and there's a sign on the back of the jacket, "boys will be boys") Boys will be boys?
Ross : All right, that's it, I'm getting out of here.
Ross : Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me.
Ross : Really?
Ross : So, you're saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers?
Ross : (to Joey) So? What do you think? (Shows himself - Joey observes him with a strange look on his face.)
Ross : (not getting it) Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here.
Ross : Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies?
Ross : You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me (getting up and taking his coat) I have a date. (As he is walking out, everyone turns and stares at him) See? (To Joey) ALL eyes on ME!
Ross : Oh! You are gonna love it! (The girl is looking in the other direction as Ross is taking off his own coat, revealing the pink and white ladies shirt) and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this.
Ross : Here (gets behind her to help. When the coat comes off we see she is wearing the exact same shirt Ross is wearing. They look at each other, shocked. They abruptly put their coat back on) So this was fun! (They leave the room and head into opposite directions)
Ross : Turns out this sweater is made for a woman.
Ross : Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date?
Ross : Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy?
Ross : Food.
Ross : Oh my God. It's like Sophie's Choice.
Ross : I just can?t see Chandler cheating!
Ross : I know, and with the baby coming?
Ross : I don?t know. Phoebe, if one of us saw Mike with another woman would you want us to tell you?
Ross : No one, I?m just saying if... (Phoebe starts pinching him in his neck)
Ross : (yelling in pain) I know nothing! Mike?s a great guy, it was hypothetical!
Ross : Believe me, if I did see with someone, there?s no way I... (Phoebe starts pinching him again)
Ross : We think Chandler might be having an affair.
Ross : What's going on?
Ross : Oh my God.
Ross : (sarcastic) So you wanna buy a house in the 50's?
Ross : You know what, if you wanna look for a house, that's okay.
Ross : (to Joey) It's ok, because they have to get it out of their system, okay (back to Mon and Chan), but you're going to realize, this is the only place, you wanna be. (pause before Monica and Chandler speak, they look like they are looking for the right words)
Ross : What?
Ross : You put an offer on a house?
Ross : Yeah, I mean, if you moved there, you have to leave here. I mean, how can you leave this place? [We fade to some flashback scenes.] (from 1.01 - "The One Where Monica Gets a New Roommate - The Pilot")
Ross : You can see where he'd have trouble.
Ross : That money is mine, Green!
Ross : What was Monica?s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Ross : Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie?
Ross : Correct. Her actual favorite movie is...
Ross : Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there? (They both confer)
Ross : Two seconds...
Ross : 11, unbelievable, 11 is correct. (The guys celebrate.)
Ross : (to the girls) Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl?s breast?
Ross : No, 19.
Ross : Joey had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
Ross : Correct, his profession was?
Ross : Correct! What is Chandler Bing?s job? (The girls are stumped)
Ross : 10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
Ross : Don?t blame the questions!
Ross : Chandler!!! Chandler!!! (He opens the door to the apartment but is stopped by the chain; Chandler and Monica quickly stop making out and try to get dressed.) Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Ross : What the hell are doing?!!
Ross : (To Chandler) I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
Ross : (happily) My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this. (He hugs them both.) (from 6.06 - "The One On The Last Night")
Ross : And hey, here's to a lousy Christmas.
Ross : You know, sometimes when I'm alone in my apartment, I look over here and you guys... are just having dinner or... watching TV or something, but... it makes me feel better. And now when I look over, who am I gonna see? The Gottliebs, the Yangs? They don't make me feel so good. (Joey pats Ross on his back)
Ross : Yeah. I'm sorry too. I'm even more sorry that that phone call didn't come before I told you about looking through the window.
Ross : Love you guys. (he kisses Monica, he, Rachel and Phoebe leave.)
Ross : I love this. (he got a sweater)
Ross : Seriously you guys, what's going on? What are these for?
Ross : Really? Which one?
Ross : Things you find in the ocean, (to Joey) You're gonna be on "Pyramid"!!
Ross : Except for "Match game"...
Ross : Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny Osmond.
Ross : (very excited) Yeah-uh!
Ross : (singing) "...and I'm a little bit rock 'n' roll"!
Ross : So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.
Ross : He was roommates with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She dumped him for Michael Skloff.
Ross : Hey, there's Missy Goldberg. You gotta remember her.
Ross : Dude. You're married to my sister.
Ross : Hey, I hear she's single again, d'you think I should ask her out?
Ross : Yes please. [Flashback, year 1987. Chandler enters the school's corridor. Ross is hanging some flyers on the wall. Both have a funny 80s hair and clothes.]
Ross : Hey. Hey, check out the flyers for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!
Ross : Thanks to a little something called "Helvetica Bold 24 point"!
Ross : Hey, Missy...
Ross : Yeah, yeah. You should come check us out. We're called "Way! No Way!".
Ross : Way!
Ross : Boss!
Ross : She's gone.
Ross : Dude, I was gonna ask her out.
Ross : Well, I thought it first, Holmes.
Ross : Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean, we can get laid anytime we want.
Ross : Me too. I'm good at it.
Ross : You got it.
Ross : Those are the pacts!
Ross : Oh, oh... maybe not you! [We get back to the Class of '91 reunion, where Ross and Chandler are still looking at Missy.]
Ross : Thank you. (they shake hands) All right, here I go. Hey, remember how scary it used to be going up to girls in college?
Ross : I know, and I can't stop sweating. (he walks towards Missy)
Ross : So, Saturday night!
Ross : Great!
Ross : Oh, well, uh, this is gonna sound kinda silly, but, do you remember my roommate Chandler Bing?
Ross : It's been sixteen years but the air quotes still hurt.
Ross : That's ok. Uh, anyway, well he and I both really liked you a lot, uhm, but we didn't want anything to jeopardize our friendship, so we kinda made a pact, that neither of us could ask you out!
Ross : Yeah, why?
Ross : You did?
Ross : (angrily) AND ON MY TURF?
Ross : (To Chandler) You made out with Missy Goldberg. How could you do that, after you promised me? (Chandler looks at the other two guys, embarrassed)
Ross : You broke the pact!
Ross : That doesn't matter! We're talking about the foundation of our friendship.
Ross : I didn't.
Ross : No.
Ross : NO!
Ross : Hey! Hey Adrienne. (They move away from her)
Ross : I never did anything with Adrienne Turner.
Ross : I don't know what... you're talking about.
Ross : Listen Adrienne, you can't tell Chandler about this.
Ross : Cool! (They start kissing again and Chandler looks shocked)
Ross : I didn't know you knew about that.
Ross : (looks disappointed in himself) Man... I... I'm sorry.
Ross : So, eh. I made out with Adrienne and you made out with Missy. Well I guess we're even.
Ross : We are even, right?
Ross : (thinks about it for a few seconds) What did you do to my mom?
Ross : Hey, where's Rachel?
Ross : Did you know Chandler kissed Rachel?
Ross : Nineteen Eighty Seven. The weekend you guys visited me at school.
Ross : Well, it matters to me.
Ross : Because... the night you kissed Rachel was the night I kissed Rachel for the very first time.
Ross : Okay, after you told me she was passed out in our room, I went in there to make sure she was all right. She was lying on my bed, all buried in peoples coats. Well, I went to kiss her on the forehead, you know. But it was so dark, I accidentally got her lips. I started to pull away, but then I felt her start to kiss me back. It was only for a second, but... it was amazing. And now, now I find out that you kissed her first.
Ross : Mine.
Ross : No, she was definitely on my bed.
Ross : Well, then who was on my bed?
Ross : (realizing) NO! No, no!
Ross : You were under the pile of coats?
Ross : OH MY GOD!
Ross : You were my first kiss with Rachel?
Ross : Hi! (he kisses Phoebe)
Ross : Oh, (he goes towards Mike in order to shake hands but Mike hugs him) hey, oh... I... I was-I was going for a hand shake.
Ross : That is why!
Ross : Yeah, I thought we'd be groomsmen, but wouldn't they have asked us by now? When did they ask you to be their bridesmaid?
Ross : I wanna say it's not looking good.
Ross : What? (Ross and Chandler don't know what to say, so there's an embarrassing long pause)
Ross : Oh, man!
Ross : FOOTBALL!
Ross : I can't believe we're gonna be the only people that aren't in this wedding.
Ross : And it's a wedding! It'd be weird if I'm not in it...
Ross : Who cares, AND?
Ross : I'll do it!
Ross : No, Mike, no, no. You wanna pick me, I mean... watch! (he mimics the groommens way of walking down the aisle with a bridesmaid) Huh?
Ross : (to Chandler) Well, if Phoebe's choosing, then say hello to Mike's next groomsman.
Ross : Please, you're going down!
Ross : Is that what they say on the Figure Skating Team?
Ross : So, what did you decide?
Ross : I'll do it! (Monica approaches)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Where's Rach?
Ross : I have to talk to her about this groomsman situation, ok? I'm not gonna watch Chandler up there while I'm sitting in the seats like some chump! (he goes to Rachel's room, knocks the door and enters the room). (very fake gasp) Oh! My God! You're breathtaking!
Ross : You haven't by any chance chosen a groomsman yet, have you?
Ross : I'm not! I'm making it easier! Pick me!
Ross : Listen, listen. Whoever you pick is gonna walk down the aisle with you! Now, I promise I won't say a word, but if you pick Chandler he's gonna be whispering stupid jokes in your ear the whole time!
Ross : (waving his fist in the air in triumph) YES, YES!
Ross : (smiling to himself) Good. I'm just getting some coffee. So I'm alert for the wedding.
Ross : (barely containing himself at this point) Well, you have fun tonight.
Ross : Oh, I will.
Ross : Wait a minute, I know why I'm being such an ass, why are you?
Ross : I'm not supposed to tell you! (Cut to Joey and Rachel's apartment. Chandler and Ross storm in looking very unhappy)
Ross : Rachel, only one of us can do it, you have to choose. You and me together again. (he winks at her and Rachel looks disgusted)
Ross : What? A dog? No! Rachel gets to choose. (all eyes turn to Rachel)
Ross : (to Rachel) Haha! Looks like you're not going to be in the wedding either. (Looks at Phoebe) So sorry Pheebs.
Ross : (To Phoebe and Mike) I can't believe you guys aren't going to be able to get married today.
Ross : I'll do it!
Ross : No, but Chandler, hello... Aren't you scared of dogs?
Ross : (takes Chappy from Mike) Well, I guess I'm in the wedding then. Ha haaa... (smells Chappy) He stinks!
Ross : Uhm, ministers don't ride the subway for free.
Ross : I'll...
Ross : It's the dog. (we cut to Monica)
Ross : Uh Joey...
Ross : Chappy's heart rate has slowed way down.
Ross : Joey, you shouldn't lie on your resume.
Ross : (whispering) It was ok...
Ross : (he enters) Hey.
Ross : You guys know where Rachel is?
Ross : So unbelievable. She was supposed to meet me half an hour ago with Emma. (he tries to take a cookie but Monica slaps his hand)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : What? She's gonna eat all those cookies?
Ross : So, why is Erica coming to visit?
Ross : (looking at Rachel entering with Emma) Oh, hi! Hi! Thanks for showing you up thirty minutes late!
Ross : No, no, no, I'm sure you have a great excuse, wh-was it a hair appointment, a mani-pedi or was there a sale at Barney's?
Ross : Oh my God.
Ross : Is-is he ok?
Ross : Ok, ok. I'm gonna come out to Long Island with you, I mean, you can't be alone right now.
Ross : Still-still, let me come... for me.
Ross : I bet someone could use one of Monica's freshly baked cookies.
Ross : Oh!
Ross : And I'm Doctor Ross Geller.
Ross : Rach, I think I'm gonna wait out here, because my throat is feeling a little scratchy, I don't want to infect him.
Ross : I'm not scared of him, I'm really sick!
Ross : I'm feeling better.
Ross : He's unconscious, I think we'll be just fine! Rachel
Ross : Did the TV wake you? Dr.
Ross : Ouchy. Dr.
Ross : Well, I came with Rachel, who should be back any second! (pause) So what's new? Dr.
Ross : Right, is it painful? Dr.
Ross : Nope, just the one. RACH!
Ross : Hey!
Ross : I was gonna make us some dinner but all I found in your dad's fridge was bacon and heavy cream. (pause) I think we solved the mystery of the heart attack.
Ross : Oh, yeah. Emma's doing great.
Ross : Wow.
Ross : Just can't believe I'm in Rachel Green's room.
Ross : Yeah, sure, right! Like I've ever been in Rachel Green's room.
Ross : Sorry. (Rachel sits on her bed). You ok?
Ross : You had a rough day, uh?
Ross : But we do! (pause) It's gonna be ok, Rach!
Ross : What? No, no! Hey, hey, hey look...
Ross : They gave him a lot of medication, ok? He wouldn't even know if you were there. Look, we'll go see him first thing in the morning, ok?
Ross : No, God! Hey, Rach, you've been an amazing daughter, ok? Right now you just need to get some rest.
Ross : (he kisses her on her forehead) Good night.
Ross : Sure!
Ross : Oh, of course...
Ross : Me too. Come here. (They hug)
Ross : Ok, well, uh, I can maybe grab a sleeping bag, or...(There's one of those moments. They're staring at each other, no word uttered, and then she leans toward him in order to kiss him, but he ducks and avoids her more than once.) Oh, oh. (he then hugs her and when she tries to kiss him again, he stands up and she falls down on the bed). No, Rach! I'm sorry, I just don't think this, this, this is a good idea.
Ross : No, look, uh. You are upset about your father and you're feeling vulnerable and I just don't feel it would be right, I'd feel like I'd be, you know, taking advantage of you.
Ross : Look, I'm sure it would be great, but I-I think one of us has to be thinking clearly, so, I'm gonna go!
Ross : I'll see you in the morning (he leaves).
Ross : (outside her room, talking by himself) Haven't had sex in four months, I should get a medal for that!
Ross : Hey Rach, can you grab me a cup of coffee?
Ross : You've been quiet all morning. Is everything okay?
Ross : You sure you're alright?
Ross : (knowing she's not alright) O-kay. Well, I'm gonna go grab us some breakfast. (He starts to leave)
Ross : (knew this was coming) There it is... (he comes back)
Ross : (half amused) Wait, wait, (looks around a little) You're mad at me about last night? I was just trying to do the right thing.
Ross : (acknowledging the last part of her sentence) Well...
Ross : I can't believe this. I was just being a good guy. I treated you with respect and understanding.
Ross : Hey, I was looking out for you.
Ross : I gotta say, I have not had sex a lot of times before, this is the worst ever.
Ross : Hey you know what? You know what? To avoid this little thing in the future, let's just say, you and me, never having sex again.
Ross : That's right, sex is off the table. (The door starts to open behind him and Dr. Green emerges) I am never having sex with you again. (Rachel stays quiet and after a few moments Ross realizes what has happened. He turns abruptly) Dr. Green, are you feeling better? (Rachel's dad glares at him with a deadly look)
Ross : Emma's down for the night.
Ross : So uh... I guess I wanna take off.
Ross : Oh, no problem.
Ross : Thank you. I'm glad you agree.
Ross : Yeah... Yeah, that's true.
Ross : Oh, ye-ah!
Ross : ...Valentine's day...
Ross : Hmmm-mmmm.
Ross : Not even once.
Ross : Even if we want it really bad.
Ross : Uhm, right!
Ross : Yeah.
Ross : ...I hate waste.
Ross : Yes?
Ross : Damn it. It's never off the table. (he leaves the apartment) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Ross : (entering) Hey, you guys... I have great news.
Ross : Oh, well, er, I already ate, but sure...! (they all look at each other when Ross grabs a plate) Guess what happened at work today...
Ross : Try sixty-five million years ago, and then try sssshhhhhh.... My tenure review board met today and I hear it's looking really good.
Ross : Yeah. Do you have any idea what this means in academic circles, uh? I am gonna get laid.
Ross : No, no. I-I'm good.
Ross : I'm up for tenure.
Ross : You too! What are the odds?
Ross : Hey! Wha-hoo! What's this? (showing the bottle) Well it's a, it's a bottle of champagne. Why is this here?
Ross : I guess it's here because I GOT TENURE! All (except
Ross : This is the single greatest day of my professional career. Gunther, six glasses!
Ross : Oh, I thought Joey was here. Five is good. (Gunther leaves, hurt) Well, I'm gonna have a loogie in my coffee tomorrow.
Ross : I got tenure. I didn't win the lottery... Hey Rach, so uh... how did your thing go?
Ross : Oh, you know what? You're gonna get it. I-I-I-I can feel it.
Ross : And-and to years of hard work finally paying off.
Ross : But also knowing it means a lot.
Ross : ...that center around work.
Ross : You know what the best part about this is? I can never be fired.
Ross : No seriously. I have job security for life. You know, I never have to worry. (Rachel starts crying) Oh, look at you. Look how happy you are for me.
Ross : Rach, I'm so sorry.
Ross : Great. I feel like an idiot.
Ross : Oh... (to the others) Little heads-up would have been nice.
Ross : (stares at her through the door and starts pushing the chair harder, looking very annoyed. He finally manages) (sarcastic) I'm sorry, it's almost as if this wasn't built for a quick getaway! (Mark, approaches from behind and recognizes her)
Ross : Uh, you know, you can't always get a seat on the subway, so... (laughs stupidly)
Ross : Yeah! yeah, I got tenure! (Mark looks at him strangely and walks off)
Ross : See? I told you something good would come along. And he seemed really nice. I've met him before?
Ross : (realizing) That is Mark?
Ross : I hate that guy.
Ross : No, no, NO, you cannot go to dinner with him.
Ross : Oh yeah, I'm sure he's gonna give you a job. Maybe make you his SEXretary.
Ross : I'm serious. I just don't trust that guy, okay?
Ross : Hey, is Rachel here?
Ross : She's still at dinner?
Ross : That guy Mark. From Bloomingdale's... She thinks he's just being nice to her. But I know he really wants to sleep with her.
Ross : We ran into him on the street today and he said he might have a job for her. But I know he just wants to get into her pants.
Ross : Hey, so uhm... How was dinner?
Ross : (speaking without pause, agitated) Oh yeah? Yeah? I wonder why? What could that smarmy letch possibly want?
Ross : Should we send something?
Ross : Congratulations!
Ross : Can we, can we just stop for a second? Who said something better would come along, huh? You didn't believe me. I told you everything was gonna work out. (gasps) You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest.
Ross : (gasps) You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest.
Ross : So if you take this job you'll be moving to Paris?
Ross : Okay.
Ross : All right, we'll work it out.
Ross : Yeah, yeah! (they hug) You sure this is what you want?
Ross : Well, Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every day. How can I be okay with this?
Ross : Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back, she would take it?
Ross : I don't know. I could talk to her boss. Yeah! I met him at that Christmas party. We really hit it off.
Ross : I didn't say we were brothers. OPENING CREDITS
Ross : Yeah, I'm a friend of Rachel Green's. Uhm, actually we met at the Christmas party about two years ago. Mr
Ross : Close. Ron. (shakes hands) Mr
Ross : Uhm, well... I'm here to see if you'll give Rachel her job back. Mr
Ross : Oh, no. At first I have to get you to agree. Then we'll see if she wants to come back. Mr
Ross : Look, she loved her job here. And let's face
Ross : (surprised) Huh, I took a shot there. Mr
Ross : I see... Thanks very much. (he gets up and walks to the door. On his way out he looks at the photographs Mr Zelner has near his door. He picks one up.) Is this your son? Mr
Ross : Oh, nothing, it's just, it's close to Ron. Does he.. Does little Ross like dinosaurs by any chance? Mr
Ross : How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants. (Mr. Zellner looks shocked). I just heard it as you must have heard it and that's not good. Let me start again. I'm a paleontologist, you'll be there with us and the touching refers only to bones? fossils! Mr
Ross : You let Rachel come back, and it's done. Mr
Ross : Yeah! Yes! Thank you! This is great. Thank you so much. And I swear, your kid is going to have the time of his life. Mr
Ross : He'll be fine.
Ross : Hi.
Ross : Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my house. You know she can't sleep without it.
Ross : Ok.
Ross : Nooo!
Ross : So, you're not going to Paris.
Ross : Wh? wh?what?
Ross : Yeeeah! (They high-five)
Ross : (enters) It's me. Ron. (Mr. Zellner looks annoyed) Look, I um, I now Rachel turned you down but I think there is a way you might be able to get her to come back. Mr
Ross : Just hear me out. How would you feel about offering her a raise? (looks hopeful) Mr
Ross : Perhaps I can persuade you. What if you can give your son this (Takes a huge egg out of his back) genuine pterodactyl egg (whispers) replica. Mr
Ross : Huh? So? We have a deal? Mr
Ross : Yes! yes! Mr
Ross : Oh, (grins) Believe me, the ladies, they love it! Mr
Ross : Good, 'cause the ladies, not so much. (shakes his head, give him a thumbs up and leaves)
Ross : Hey!
Ross : What?
Ross : They did?
Ross : So, what are you gonna do?
Ross : That's great! So you're staying in New York!
Ross : You're excited, right?
Ross : Right!
Ross : Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris. Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared.
Ross : (after a long pause) You should go.
Ross : It's what you want. You should go.
Ross : I really do.
Ross : (picks up a skull of some carnivore from his side table and puts it in the same bag in which he brought the pterodactyl egg to Zelner) I'm sure he'll understand.
Ross : Yeah...
Ross : Yeah, yeah, oh! (They hug)
Ross : Then I'm happy too. (They're still hugging - fade out) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Ross : Hey!
Ross : Hey Erica, welcome back to town! (pause) Wow, look how big you've gotten.
Ross : Right, no, I understand.
Ross : No, no, I knew (he stares at her breasts). Monica (to
Ross : She brought them up! (pause) I didn't realize you were coming back so soon!
Ross : Hotel? Why isn't she staying with you guys?
Ross : Erica, those things aren't free. In fact they have one of the highest mark-ups of any consumer product...
Ross : Oh man, I can't believe you guys are leaving this place.
Ross : No, no. This will always be your place. It would be too sad. Plus, how much a month does it cost to feed Joey?
Ross : Hey, is Chandler here? We talked about catching a movie.
Ross : Mhm, (he balance things) packing - sexy cheerleader comedy.
Ross : What are you guys doing?
Ross : You got it! (Monica leaves, Ross closes the door). All right, she's right, we gotta get serious. (He grabs a bag of styrofoam peanuts) Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pants and kick him!
Ross : Chandler, you don't have a sister so you can't understand how much this bums me out.
Ross : Bumming hard, guys, bumming hard.
Ross : Yeah? Yeah, where is it?
Ross : Rock on! Phoebe (watching the food on the
Ross : Hey, where's Rach?
Ross : Great.
Ross : Here she is! Rachel
Ross : Oh, man! I can't believe she's actually leaving. How am I gonna say goodbye to Rachel?
Ross : Yeah?
Ross : Hey, what do you think they're doing in there?
Ross : (to Phoebe) Hey. What was that all about?
Ross : Are you kidding? Oh my God...
Ross : Oh, man, I'm not going to be able to handle this. (pause) Now I know how my students feel at the end of each year. And why they act out by giving me such bad evaluations.
Ross : (to Joey) Oh no, she took down Monica... And I'm the crier in the family. Oh God! I could be next. Maybe she won't talk with me if it looks like we're deep in converstation. Oh, so that thing you said about the thing. It really made me think about that other thing.
Ross : Well it's okay. Chandler is talking to her.
Ross : I don't think so.
Ross : God! I can't believe she saved me for last. (looking out to the balcony) Why are they taking so long?
Ross : Okay, here we go...
Ross : Yeah...
Ross : Huh?
Ross : What? I don't get a goodbye?
Ross : Unbelievable. She says goodbye to everyone but me.
Ross : Well, it needs to be plicit.
Ross : No, I don't think so.
Ross : (annoyed) O-kay... I mean, don't I deserve anything? I mean, a few tears, a cursory hug? (Joey gives Ross a hug) NOT FROM YOU! (Joey lets go)
Ross : THE HELL I DO! (Ross takes big steps leaving for Joey and Rachel's apartment, where Rachel is going through her papers.)
Ross : I don't get a goodbye?
Ross : (talking agitated and angry) Everyone gets a goodbye but me? What have I got to do to get a goodbye, huh? Be best friends with you? Uh, go out with you? Have a baby with you? Oh wait a minute, wait a minute, I did all those things.
Ross : Oh no, maybe it's me, I'm just not giving you enough credit. Uh, I mean it is difficult to say goodbye to five people. Uh, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, good... (makes choking noises) IT'S PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE. You know what? After all we've been through, I can't believe this is how you want to leave things between us. Have a, have a good time in Paris. (He leaves the apartment. Rachel looks kind of desperate.)
Ross : That's what it seemed like.
Ross : Fine, then why didn't you say something?
Ross : Rach!
Ross : You keep, you keep... You can't...
