Oh, okay, well, guess I’m your new neighbour, Penny.
So, what do you guys do for fun around here?
This looks like some serious stuff, Leonard, did you do this?
So you’re like, one of those, beautiful mind genius guys.
Uh, do you guys mind if I start?
Um, me, okay, I’m Sagittarius, which probably tells you way more than you need to know.
Oh, yeah, a lot of people think I’m a water sign. Okay, let’s see, what else, oh, I’m a vegetarian, oh, except for fish, and the occasional steak, I love steak.
Oh, yeah, I’m a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.
Oh, anyways, I’m also writing a screenplay. It’s about this sensitive girl who comes to L.A. from Lincoln Nebraska to be an actress, and winds up a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.
I know, right? Okay, let’s see, what else? Um, that’s about it. That’s the story of Penny.
It was. Until I fell in love with a jerk.
Oh God, you know, four years I lived with him, four years, that’s like as long as High School.
I just, I can’t believe I trusted him.
You want to know the most pathetic part? Even though I hate his lying, cheating guts, I still love him. Is that crazy?
Oh, I’m so sorry, I’m such a mess, and on top of everything else I’m all gross from moving and my stupid shower doesn’t even work.
Really? Would it be totally weird if I used it?
Hey, is there a trick to getting it to switch from tub to shower. Oh. Hi, sorry. Hello!
Um, okay. Can I ask you a favour.
It’s just not the kind of thing you ask a guy you’ve just met.
Oh, I don’t think I’ll be able to stop thinking about it.
I’m so sorry, I really thought if you guys went instead of me he wouldn’t be such an ass.
Really, thank you so much for going and trying you’re, uh, you’re so terrific. Why don’t you put some clothes on, I’ll get my purse and dinner is on me, okay?
Any ideas Raj? (He just looks at her with a worried expression.)
Alright, remember when I auditioned for that workshop production of Rent, but I didn’t get it and I couldn’t figure out why?
Well, the girl they picked to play Mimi, she dropped out and they asked me to replace her.
It’s not a big deal, just a one night showcase, but they invite a lot of casting people and agents so, you never know.
It’s this Friday at eight, you guys want to come?
Oh, too bad, well, I got to get to rehearsal, see you guys.
Do you have any idea what time it is?
Thanks. I just wanted to come by and wish you guys luck with your symposium.
You know, I got to tell you, a lot of friends would let their friend go alone, but that’s not who you are, you are the kind of guy who stands by a friend when… when he has a symposium to go to.
Howard, wait. Sheldon, I think we should tell them.
There’s no symposium, Leonard lied to me, isn’t that right Leonard.
It’s okay, I do, look, Leonard is helping Sheldon through a family crisis, he made up the whole story about the symposium with Dr Farmin..farm…ian
Hah, yeah! Because he didn’t want Sheldon to be embarrassed, and there is nothing to be embarrassed okay, every family in America has a relative holed up in a garage somewhere huffing paint thinner.
No, look, Sheldon’s cousin Leo escaped rehab, and he’s in a Motel 8 at Long Beach, the whole family’s going out for an intervention. Leonard is driving Sheldon down there to help him through this because he’s such a good man.
Well, based on what you told me, I’m not surprised.
Oh, it was okay I guess, wasn’t a big turn out but they both really seemed to like it.
Yeah. Hey, do you want to come over to my place, have coffee?
I have a video of me singing last night, do you want to see it?
This is even better than you coming to the showcase, because now I get to watch you watch me.
Leo, you are a very sweet, really funny guy. You’re gonna do okay.
Oh, better than North Dakota! (Pause) I guess that joke’s only funny in Nebraska.
Ugh, it was the worst trip, everyone got sick over the weekend.
Okay, well, thank you for getting my mail.
No, just crazy. Sheldon, what are you doing here?
How could you have gotten it from me, I’m not sick.
Okay, what kind of soup do you want.
Yeah, well I’m at work too, and you’ll never guess who’s here infecting my entire station.
He won’t leave, he says he’s afraid he’ll pass out on the bus and someone will harvest his organs.
Oh, it’s okay, I didn’t really need to work today, it’s not like I have rent or car payments or anything.
Sheldon, you are a grown man, haven’t you ever been sick before?
And there was no-one there to take care of you?
Okay, sweetie, I’ll take care of you, what do you need?
Okay, ground rules, no sponge baths, and definitely no enemas.
Okay, nice and cosy, okay, I’ll see you later.
Uh, it’s okay, sweetie, good news, Leonard’s home!
So, you’ve got a bit of competition, I really don’t see what the big deal is.
I don’t understand, exactly how did he get any friends in the first place?
You know, I’m confused again, is he waiting, or do we get to shoot him between the eyes?
Nothing. Diet coke. And yoghurt. A little nail polish.
Wow, so in your world, you’re like, the cool guys.
Good afternoon, and welcome to today’s physics bowl practice round. I’m Penny, and I’ll be your host, because apparently I didn’t have anything else to do on a Saturday afternoon, and isn’t that just a little sad? Gentlemen, are you ready?
You know, it’s none of my business, but isn’t a guy who can’t speak in front of women going to hold you back a little?
Okay, the first question is on the topic of optics. What is the shortest light pulse ever produced? Dr Cooper.
Good for you, sweetie. Okay, next question. What is the quantum mechanical effect used to encode data on hard disk drives? Howard.
Okay. What artificial satellite has seen glimpses of Einsteins predicted frame dragging? (Raj buzzes.)
Leonard, you said I only had to ask questions.
So, how do you feel? Nice and loose? Come to play? Got your game face on? (The guys look confused.) Are you ready?
Oh, no, no, I want to. It sounds really interesting.
I’m settling once and for all who is the smartest around here. Okay, are you ready?
Okay. Marsha, Jan and Cindy were the three daughters of what TV family? (They stare at her.) The Brady Bunch. Okay, Sammy Hagar replaced David Lee Roth as the lead singer in what group?
Van Halen. Alright, Madonna was married to this Ridgemont High alum. (Pause) Oh my God, Sean Penn!
I go outside and I talk to people. Alright, here, what actor holds the record for being named people magazine’s sexiest man alive?
Alright, singer who sang “Oops I Did It Again.” (Sheldon starts involuntarily twitching again.) Okay, Tweetie Bird, taught he taw a what?
Yeah, okay, neat, but I really got to get to work, so….
I don’t have a few minutes, I’m running really late.
Zzz-zz-zz-zz! Second of all, the door to the stairwell of the other building was locked, so I had to go down the fire escape which ends on the third floor, forcing me to crawl through the window of a lovely Armenian family, who insisted I stay for lunch.
It was eight courses of lamb, and they tried to fix me up with their son.
Not done. By the time I finally got to work, they’d given my shift away. Yeah, that’s right, I’ve lost an entire day’s pay thanks to this… this…
No! I don’t want to try it, my God, you are grown men, how could you waste your lives with these stupid toys and costumes and comic books and… and now that… that…
Oh please, it’s not a time machine, if anything it looks like something Elton John would drive through the Everglades.
Pathetic. All of you, completely pathetic. (Storms out. A beat, and then…)
Yeah, okay, neat, but I really got to get to work, so….
Oh, Leonard. (Kisses him as they descend from view. Leonard wakes up still sitting in the time machine.)
Okay, okay look, if this is about yesterday, Leonard, I am really sorry about what I said, I was just a bit upset.
No you didn’t. Look, you are a great guy, and it is things you love that make you who you are.
Oh. Wow. Good for you. (Kisses his cheek.)
Really, they have your little name label in them.
I didn’t say you were, I just said she was cute.
Missy, I’m going to go get my nails done. Do you want to come?
Oh, honey, is your medication wearing off? (Raj nods.)
Hey, guys, guys, some of the other waitresses wanted me to ask you something.
Yeah, that’s terrific, but what they wanted me to ask you was to cut it the hell out. (To someone off) Right come on guys, come on. (Singing while approaching another table) Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you…
So Leonard, will we be seeing you on Saturday for your free birthday cheesecake?
I did your horoscope, remember, I was going to do everybody’s until Sheldon went on one of his typical psychotic rants.
Blah blah blah, a typical Taurus. So, seriously, are we going to see you Saturday?
What was it called, “I hate my son and that’s why he can’t have cake?”
So you’ve really never had a birthday party?
I know. I want to talk to you.
Okay, here’s the deal, we are going to throw Leonard a kick-ass surprise party for his birthday on Saturday.
He just doesn’t know he wants one because he’s never had one.
Howard, here’s the difference. The possibility exists that Leonard could have a birthday party before hell freezes over.
Okay, sweetie, I understand you have scars that no non-professional can heal, but nevertheless we are going to throw Leonard a birthday party.
Okay, here’s the deal, you either help me throw Leonard a birthday party or, so help me God, I will go into your bedroom and I will unbag all of your most valuable mint condition comic books. And on one of them, you won’t know which, I’ll draw a tiny happy face in ink.
Sheldon, do you understand the concept of blackmail?
So, what did you get the birthday boy?
Well, Sheldon, you’re his friend. Friends give each other presents.
Okay, let’s do this, um, I will drive Sheldon to get a present, and Howard, you need to get rid of Leonard for about two hours.
And then Raj, you bring the stuff across the hall and start setting up.
Stare at them and make them feel uncomfortable.
Alright, you know they have DVDs over there.
Sheldon, a gift shouldn’t be something someone needs, it should be something fun, you know, something they wouldn’t buy for themselves.
Well, it’s a fun sweater, it’s got a bold geometric print.
Okay, the point is, one of the ways we show we care about people is by putting thought and imagination into the gifts we give them.
I don’t know, the man on the box looks so happy.
Oh, I know I’m going to regret this but, what trauma?
Here, buy this one. Look, it’s the one we’re getting, see, happy guy available.
You have to, we all have to be there at the same time to yell “surprise!”
Okay, I don’t need your attitude, just hold him there a little longer.
Okay, how about this. You keep him there a little longer and when you get to the party I’ll point out which of my friends are easy.
I’ve got a hot former fat girl with no self-esteem, I’ve got a girl who punishes her father by sleeping around and an alcoholic who’s two tequila shots away from letting you wear her like a hat.
Well, for one thing, we’re late for Leonard’s birthday party. And for another, I told him to call security.
That’s my friend Carol. Remind me, I’ve got to introduce her to Howard.
I’m so sorry you didn’t get your party.
Happy birthday anyways. (She kisses him full on the lips.)
Oh, I’ll tell you what’s going on, that stupid self-centred bastard wrote about our sex life in his blog. (Out of window) Drop dead, you stupid self-centred bastard! (To Leonard) Thank you. (exit)
Tell me the truth. Am I just an idiot who picks giant losers?
Okay, so I pick good guys, but turn them into losers.
Well, it’s got to be one or the other, which is it?
I really thought Mike was different, I thought he was sensitive and smart. I mean, not you smart, normal non-freaky smart.
You know, and then he just goes and has to humiliate me by writing about me on his blog so the entire world can read it.
Yeah, really, well my friends at work found it, my sister found it, judging by my email a number of prisoners at the Michigan State Penitentiary found it.
Nope, you know what, you might as well read it, everybody else has, go ahead. Oh God, I just feel so betrayed and embarrassed. I just want to crawl into a hole and die.
No, at the sub shop we were only making out.
‘Cause I do that, I do overreact. Maybe I should call Mike and apologise.
Yes. You’re right. I should just say I’m done with him.
But I never gave the man a chance to explain.
No, you were right the first time, this is a man who loves me, but in his own stupid way he was just trying to show people how he feels.
No, you did better than that, you helped me see it on my own.
I’m going over to Mike’s. Leonard, thank you so much.
I’m sorry I yelled at you. It’s not your fault.
Well, I went over to Mike’s to make up with him.
That’s what I said to the woman who had her legs wrapped around his neck.
I swear to God, I am done with guys like that. You know, macho, with the perfect body and the hair, and the money.
You know, just once, I would like to go out with someone who is nice, and honest, and who actually cares about me.
No, I know, I got that. Yeah, totally.
Yeah. Why not, I mean, what do I have to lose?
I’m sorry. Look, do you have a second.
I was just wondering if I could talk to you? It’s about Leonard.
Well, Raj can’t talk to me unless he’s drunk, and Wolowitz is, you know, disgusting.
All I’m saying is, you know Leonard the best.
Leonard might come home, can we talk in my apartment.
Okay, so, here’s the thing. I guess you’re aware that Leonard asked me out.
Oh, that’s nice. Anyhow, the thing I wanted to talk to you about is, you know, since Leonard and I have become friends, I was just… want to sit down?
Alright, why don’t you just pick one at random, and then if you don’t like it you can sit somewhere else next time.
Okay. Um, here’s the thing. So, I’ve known for a while now that Leonard has had a little crush on me…
Alright, yeah, I don’t really know who they are…
Yeah, I don’t care, I don’t care. The point is Leonard isn’t the kind of guy I usually go out with.
No. What I’m saying is, Leonard might be different in a good way. Obviously my usual choices have not worked out so well.
But on the other hand, if things don’t go well with Leonard, I risk losing a really good friend. I mean, I guess he’s not looking for a fling, he’s the kind of guy that gets into a relationship for, I don’t know, like you would say light years.
Sheldon, do you have anything to say that has anything to do with, you know, what I’m talking about.
Okay, so you’re saying I should go out with Leonard.
Okay, great, listen, um, maybe we should talk first.
Actually, I’ve heard far too much about Schrodinger’s Cat.
Alright, the cat’s alive, let’s go to dinner.
Well, you know, it’s the Cheesecake Factory. People order cheesecake, and I bring it to them.
Yeah, call it whatever you want, I get minimum wage. Yeah, anyways, I was wondering if you could help me out with something, I was….
Oh. Okay, great, I’m having some furniture delivered tomorrow, and I may not be here, so…. (apartment door opens, Sheldon, Raj and Howard appear) Oh! Hel…hello!
Hey Raj! (Raj looks uncomfortable) Still not talking to me, huh?
Yeah, yeah, if it gets here and I’m not here tomorrow could you just sign for it and have them put it in my apartment.
A marathon? Wow, how many Superman movies are there?
Yeah, I do like the one where Lois Lane falls from the helicopter and Superman swooshes down and catches her, which one was that?
Great. Was it hard getting it up the stairs?
Oh, great, thank you again (she throws her jacket over the back of the sofa).
And what kind of doctor removes shoes from asses?
Hey Raj. (Raj stands looking uncomfortable.) Hey, listen, I don’t know if you heard about what happened last night with Leonard and Sheldon, but I’m really upset about it, I mean they just, they let themselves into my place, and then they cleaned it, I mean can you even believe that? How weird is that?
You know, where I come from, someone comes into your house at night, you shoot, okay? And you don’t shoot to wound. I mean, alright, my sister shot her husband, but it was an accident, they were drunk. What was I saying?
It’s obvious that they meant well, but I’m just, I’m having a really rough time, like I said, I broke up with my boyfriend, and it’s just freaking me out.
I mean, just because most of the men I’ve known in my life happen to be jerks, doesn’t mean I should just assume Leonard and Sheldon are. Right?
That’s exactly what I thought. Thank you for listening. You’re a doll. (She hugs him.)
Guys, seriously, I grew up on a farm, okay, I rebuilt a tractor engine when I was like twelve, I think I can put together a cheap Swedish media centre.
Well, uh, it looked pretty good in the store.
Guys, it’s hot in here, I think I’ll just take off all my clothes.
Um, no, hi Leonard, this is Doug, Doug, this is my neighbour Leonard.
Thank you, I’ve got to talk to that mailman.
Yeah, I like hanging out with you guys.
You know, Sheldon, Howard, Raj, who all’s coming?
So are the rest of the guys meeting us here?
So, what’s new in the world of physics?
Ah. Well I’m sure things will pick up.
Oh, uh, not much. We do have a chocolate key lime that’s moving pretty well.
Doug? Oh, yeah, I dunno, I mean, he’s nice and funny, but…
Okay, well, you know, it’s just me. I’m still getting over this break-up with Kurt, and this thing with Doug would be just rebound sex.
It’s just, it’s my pattern. I break up, then I find some cute guy, and then it’s just thirty six meaningless of… well, you know.
No, it’s usually over a weekend, and trust me, you do not feel good after it.
Are you sure you don’t want to go to the emergency room?
I know, but you did throw up. Isn’t that a sign of a concussion?
Oh, no, it’s fine, you got most of it out the window.
Yeah, me too. Um, good night. (Leonard turns across hallway.) Leonard?
How come you didn’t go into work today.
Well, maybe it’s all for the best, you know I always say, when one door closes, another one opens.
Uh, no, no not really. Listen, didn’t you say you needed some eggs.
Oh, okay, well maybe you should start heading on out then.
Well, maybe that’s what I was going for.
Oh, I don’t know Sheldon, it’s going to take me a while to recover from all the fun I had today.
You want me to buy thirty years worth of tampons?
Okay, I’m not talking about this with you.
Are we so sure that’s a bad thing?
Has Shelly ever freaked out like this before.
Oh my God, this is the best cobbler I’ve ever had.
Alright, my boss says you either have to order, or leave and never come back.
Uh, which one, the Classic Burger, the Ranch House Burger, the Barbecue Burger or the Kobe burger?
The Barbecue Burger is like the Big Boy.
Howard, I’ve asked you not to do that.
Yeah, you too. Leonard, I didn’t know you played the cello?
Really? (Howard performs some of the worst beatboxing imaginable.) I’m actually not that into music. So hey, your friend’s really cute, anything going on with you two.
Oh, that’s too bad, you guys would make a cute couple.
Okay, sweetie, I know you think you’re explaining yourself, but you’re really not.
Alright, look, a tie on the doorknob usually means someone doesn’t want to be disturbed because they’re, you know, getting busy.
Well, either that or he’s lost his tie rack and gotten really into Bryan Adams.
Oh, come on, you know, Leonard’s had girls over before, right?
Wait, you had to leave the state because your roommate was having sex?
Hmmm. Good for him. Good for Leonard. Okay, night.
Gee, Sheldon, you’re asking the wrong girl. I’m usually on the other side of the tie.
Just pretty good, I’d think you were doing very good.
Well, a little bird told me that you and Lesley hooked up last night.
So, is it serious, do you like her?
Alright, well, I’ll talk to you later, but, I am so happy for you Leonard.
Um, I don’t know, a psychiatrist? So hey, how are things with you and Lesley?
Oh, oh that’s too bad. Well hey, don’t worry, I’m sure there is someone out there who is just right for you. (Walks away smiling).
So, how was paintball, did you have fun?
Okay, um, oh hey, I’m having a party on Saturday so if you guys are around you should come by.
Well, there will be boys, and there will be girls, and it is a party. So, it’ll just be a bunch of my friends, we’ll have some beer, do a little dancing…
Anything you want, okay? Any costume you want. Bye.
Well, yeah, when you start a party at seven, no-one shows up at, you know, seven.
Yes. Yes it is. Okay, well, um, come on in.
Oh, Sheldon, I’m sorry but there aren’t going to be any parades or judges or prizes.
No, come on, it’s going to be fun, and you all look great, I mean, look at you, Thor, and, oh, Peter Pan, that’s so cute.
No you don’t. Oh, hey, what’s Sheldon supposed to be.
Oh, sure, I see it now, the Doppler Effect. Alright, I’ve got to shower, you guys um, make yourselves comfortable.
Oh, hey guys. You having a good time?
Of course not, no, he’s not, you’re not, right Leonard?
I don’t care, I’m finishing it, put him down.
Oh, okay, alright, well thank you for coming.
Hey, I just wanted to make sure you’re okay.
Yes it is. That’s why I broke up with him, he always does stuff like that.
Well, I ran into him last week and, he was… just, all apologetic, about how he’s changed, he was just going on and on and I believed him, and I’m an idiot because I always believe guys like that and… I can’t go back to my party because he’s there, and I know you don’t want to hear this and I’m upset and I’m really drunk and I just want to… (bursts into tears and rests head on Leonard’s shoulder.)
You really think so, don’t you? (She kisses hm.)
Leonard, you are so great. Why can’t all guys be like you?
No you won’t. Uh, can I hide out here for a while.
Well, there’s this girl I know from back in Nebraska, Christie, well anyway she called me up and she’s like “Hey, how’s California,” and I’m like “Awesome” ‘cos, you know, it’s not Nebraska, and the next thing I know she’s invited herself out here to stay with me.
Anyway, she got here today, and she’s just been in my apartment, yakkety-yakking about every guy she’s slept with in Omaha, which is basically every guy in Omaha, and washing the sluttiest collection of underwear you have ever seen in my bathroom sink.
Well, she was engaged to my cousin while she was sleeping with my brother, so she’s kind of family.
No, yeah she’s definitely a whore. I mean, she has absolutely no standards, this one time, she was at… where’s Howard?
Ugh, I cannot believe Christie let Howard into my apartment.
Hey, if you guys need a fourth, I’ll play.
Okay, I got this, lock and load boys.
Wait, wait, Sheldon, come back, you forgot something.
This plasma grenade. (Explosion.) Ha! Look, it’s raining you!
Gosh, he’s kind of a sore loser, isn’t he?
As usual, nice talking to you Raj (leaves.)
Um, well, Howard and Christie are… kind of… hooking up in my bedroom.
Look, I grew up on a farm, okay, from what I heard they’re either having sex or Howard’s caught in a milking machine. Do you mind if I stay here tonight?
How am I supposed to plan my bodily functions?
Thanks Leonard. (Arranges pillows on left of couch.)
Why do you people hate sleep? Are you wearing my robe?
Yeah, no, I meant plans to find some place to live. Other than with me, not that I don’t love having you, but it’s… a little crowded.
Look, Howard, I know her, okay, she’ll have sex with anyone as long as they keep buying her things.
She’s not my friend. Friends do not get their friends care bears all sweaty.
Oh, that’s so sweet. But I’m going out dancing with a girlfriend.
Look, why don’t I play with you guys tomorrow?
Alright, now Sheldon, you and I are about to have a problem.
Yeah, just move your stupid scooter before I pick it up and throw it in the dumpster.
Howard, didn’t you say you worked on the Mars Rover?
Yeah, when we first met, you said that if I went out with you, I could drive a car on Mars.
No. Yeah, I remember specifically. You started by asking if I was from Mars because my ass was out of this world.
Well, last time you bought a new shirt was when we were dating.
Oh, nice. A doctor doctor, or a you kind of doctor?
Well, have you slept with her yet? You dog! Good for you.
Yeah, you turned your stereo down with your laptop.
Oh. You know you can just get one of those universal remotes at Radio Shack, they’re really cheap.
Huh, well that’s handy. Um, here’s a question, why?
Well, wait, wait, what’s on top of them.
What? (Seeing red car is trying to get between her legs) Ew, stop it, no, leave me alone.
So, how’s it going with Sheldon, are you guys still not talking to each other?
Oh, hey, I didn’t know they still made corduroy suits!
Okay, well, let’s just see what else you have. Okay, here, take this, and this, and this, and these.
No, this is stuff I want you to throw out.
Seriously, don’t even give it to charity, you won’t be helping anyone. What’s this.
Here, why don’t you put these on while I find a shirt and sport-coat to match.
Well, where you going, just put them on.
So, you know, isn’t there maybe some way you and Sheldon could compromise on this whole presentation thing.
Oh, why didn’t you wear it at Halloween?
Okay, alright, moving on, oh, wow, a paisley shirt.
If you mean it should end up in the same place then, I agree. Is this your… your only tie?
Oh, sweetie, I don’t think it even works as one. Is this all your clothes?
Okay, well, I guess we’re back to the corduroy suit.
Yup. (Leonard picks up paisley shirt) I said no, put it down.
Oh, you know, that is so weird that yours came and mine didn’t. (Sheldon looks confused). It was a joke. (Sheldon gives a fake laugh.) Yup, tip your waitresses, I’m here all week.
Oh yeah, me too. Zip it, lock it. (The begin to climb) Put it in your pocket. So you and Leonard…
Anyway, I was talking to Leonard this morning and I think he feels really bad about it.
Well I’m just asking if it’s difficult to be fighting with your best friend.
You should just talk to him, I’m sure you guys can work this out.
Okay, so you absolutely should talk to him, look, I know Leonard values you as a friend, and he told me himself that without your little idea there’s no way he could have come up with this whole experiment thing.
Yeah, I mean he tried to explain it to me, I didn’t really understand it but…
Uh, well no, no, not in… not in those words.
Um, gee, the exact words aren’t written… it’s more the spirit in which it’s
Uh, he… (makes “he’s screwy” hand movements, turns to go).
No, no, I didn’t say better, I said less stained.
Oh, sorry, I’ve just, I’ve heard it before.
I really should have brought my own car.
Is this usually how these physics things go?
Yeah, but it doesn’t really answer my question.
Oh, yeah, you know what, maybe we should just slow things down a little.
No, I know, I… I know what you meant, it’s just… it’s only our first date.
Alright, I heard yes, so… okay, here’s my question, has Leonard ever dated, you know, a regular girl.
No, I meant has he ever been involved with someone who wasn’t a braniac?
So, do you think that if Leonard and I keep dating he’ll eventually get bored with me.
Okay, okay, you know, I get it, Leonard has no business being involved with a waitress slash actress who felt so insecure that she lied to him about finishing community college.
Well, he was going on and on about this college and that grad school and I didn’t want him to think I was some stupid loser.
You know, there are a lot of successful people in this country who are community college graduates.
Right, okay look, this is between you and me, you cannot tell Leonard any of this.
Okay, look, if Leonard finds out that I lied, I will absolutely die of embarrassment.
Oh Sheldon, please, look, I’m asking you as a friend.
Oh, um, you know, I think I have the dinner shift on Friday.
You know, I’m not sure, the manager hasn’t posted the schedule yet, how about I let you know.
Also today we have a fresh caught Alaska salmon, and that’s served with a teriyaki glaze and sticky rice. Our soup of the day…
Oh, look, why is it so hard for you to keep one little secret?
Look, just forget I told you about me not graduating from community college. Okay?
Okay, look, you promised me you would keep my secret so you’re just going to have to figure out a way to do it.
Wow, I get it, because Dr Leonard Hofstadter can’t date a girl without a fancy college degree.
Right, but I have to have some sort of degree to date you?
So, it’s fine with you if I’m not smart.
Okay, well, thank you for that, but I got you and Leonard a few silly neighbour gifts, so I’ll just put them under my tree.
Now, honey, it’s okay.You don’t have to get me anything in return.
Okay, you know what? Forget it. I’m not giving you a present.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. So, um, Dave, how do you know Leonard?
Uh, well, it’s just that the physicists I know are indoorsy and pale.
So, are you and Leonard working on an experiment together?
Uh, sweetie, sweetie, Dave was talking. You know, I love science.
Since always. Call me a geek, but I am just nuts for the whole subatomic particle thing.
Ha. Well, that’s what I am, queen of the nerds.
You know, I have always wanted to see a big science lab.
Um,yeah, yeah, that sounds great, let me just get my jacket.
Hey, Leonard. Dave was just showing me around the university. You know, this place is unbelievable!
It’s not an experiment! You saw what happened last night.
Dave is not smarter than you. He’s an idiot.
Because a smart guy takes the nude photos of his wife off his cell phone before he tries to take nude photos of his girlfriend.
That’s what you took from that? The guy is married!
And you, if you are so okay with the way things are between us, why are you so jealous?
It’s just rum. It stopped being eggnog like half an hour ago.
Yeah, he came into the restaurant. Sorry the napkin’s dirty. He wiped his mouth with it.
Well, yeah, yeah, I guess. But look, he signed it.
Okay, all I’m giving you is the napkin, Sheldon.
Yeah, and I checked. Not letting the bike fall on you while standing still is lesson one.
Okay. 101 Totally Cool Science Experiments for Kids.
No, I think I’m just going to stay in tonight and do laundry. (Monte bursts through boys door. Penny screams and runs down the stairs.)
So, who exactly does it want to kill?
You know, since I moved last year, not all my mail has been forwarded.
How is it supposed to be a dance if I’m the only girl?
Look, normally I can just ignore you. I mean, I get it, you’re a little peculiar. You know, like Sheldon.
Yeah, you might be right. But back to you. I know you think you’re some sort of smooth-talking ladies’ man, but the truth is, you are just pathetic and creepy.
I am saying it is not a compliment to call me doable. It’s not sexy to stare at my ass and say, “Ooh, it must be jelly ’cause jam don’t shake like that.” And most important, we are not dancing a tango, we’re not to’ing and fro’ing. Nothing is ever going to happen between us. Ever.
Flirting? You think I’m flirting with you? I am not flirting with you, no woman is ever gonna flirt with you, you’re just gonna grow old and die alone.
Well, someone had to say it. (Raj whispers in Leonard’s ear) What?
Well, then have the robot go and get him.
Oh, please, how could I possibly devastate Howard?
And say what? That I didn’t mean it, because I meant it.
So, I just came by to see how you were doing.
Okay, look. Howard, I just want to apologize for some things that I have said. About you. I’ve been informed that you have feelings. And apparently, I have hurt them. So, I’m sorry. Howard.
Okay. Well, bye. (Penny leaves room. Sound of Howard crying through door.) So close (goes back in.)
Howard, do you think maybe sometimes you try too hard?
Well, you’d have a terrific chance. I mean, you’re smart, you’re funny, you have a cool job. You build stuff that goes into outer space.
Look, I’m telling you, I’ve known you for, like, a year and a half and this is the first time I feel like I’m talking to a real person. And you know what? I like him, he’s a nice guy.
I do. (Howard tries to kiss her. She punches him.)
Yes, now he knows what bathtubs are capable of doing when you don’t treat them with respect.
Sheldon, honey, aren’t you getting a little carried away? I mean, it’s just a toy robot.
I know, I got it. Sheldon, I’m sorry.
Thanks! I mean the e-mail doesn’t bother me as much as the vacation pictures of him in a bathing suit.
Well, what about Howard and Raj, I mean how did you become friends with them?
Well yeah, sure. When you put it that way. But it all worked out, right?
Yes. Well, that is a good question. But is this really the best way to figure it out?
Okay, question 1. Rank the following aspects of Sheldon Cooper in order of appeal. Intelligence. Ruthless attention to hygiene. Playfulness. Java applet writing?
Wait! How many questions are on this thing?
Sheldon honey, did you ever consider making friends by being, I don’t know, pleasant?
Okay. You know what? I see where this is going. I’m not one of you guys. I’m not a scientist. So just…
Ooh, ooh, shut the door, shut the door.
Just do it! (Penny runs in. Sheldon shuts door. Penny opens door again) Get inside and shut the door.
The building manager’s showing an apartment downstairs, and I haven’t paid my rent.
It’s no big deal. I’m just a little behind on my bills because they cut back my hours at the restaurant and my car broke down.
Well the “check engine” light is fine. It’s still blinking away. It’s the stupid engine that stopped working. It cost me like twelve hundred dollars to fix it.
Wow, you got a lot of money in there.
Okay. Well, thank you. Oh, God, no, I can’t. Sheldon honey, I don’t want things to be weird between us.
I’ll pay you back as soon as I can.
Great. I hope I’m a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory for my whole life.
Oh, thanks. This must be the beret I ordered. A couple of months ago. It was back-ordered.
Okay, whatever. It’s not like I’m running up and down the streets just buying myself berets. I bought one, like, a month ago, and it was back-ordered, look, it finally arrived, all right?
Oh, my God, would you just get off my case?
What are you saying? That I’m using my body to get dinner? That I’m some kind of Chinese food prostitute?
‘Cause let me tell you something, buddy, I pay my own way in this world, okay? I don’t rely on anybody! (Raj runs out of the room) What was that about?
Here, Leonard, ten, eleven, twelve, uh, fourteen dollars.
Yes, dinner’s here, and I’m having some. I’m having takeout food.
You’re damn right it’s okay. I’ve been having leftovers at the restaurant for like four days, and I wanted something different. So sue me.
Sheldon, look, I will pay you back as soon as I can. You just have to give me more time.
She needed money. You seem under pressure. Did I not lend you a sufficient amount? Because I can give you more.
Oh, you know, you would just love that, wouldn’t you? Yeah. You would just love to open up your little snake can and throw some money at the girl who can’t pay her bills.
Going home, where I won’t be interrogated like a criminal. I forgot my fortune cookie.
Yeah. When I didn’t pay my bill, the Department of Water and Power thought I would enjoy the ambience.
I used Sheldon’s money to pay my rent, then I had like fourteen dollars left over.
Put it back in your pocket, or I’ll find some other place to put it.
Yeah, well, that’s not really my big problem.
Yeah, I know, it’s just, this wasn’t the plan, it wasn’t supposed to go this way.
Um, waitress for six months and then become a movie star.
Oh, no, I can’t give up my acting classes. I’m a professional actress.
Yeah. He got arrested for taking a whiz on a cop car.
Anyway, he had a bunch of outstanding tickets and a bench warrant, so I, you know, I paid his fines.
Leonard, I’m not gonna call up Kurt and ask him for money.
I don’t know, but I may have to find a cheaper place to live.
Oh, Leonard, honey, if we started living together, I wouldn’t be able to keep my hands off you.
And you thought my acting lessons were a waste of money.
Maybe if you’re working on a tuna boat.
Sheldon, here is your money. Thank you very much. It helped a lot.
Well, I cut back my expenses like you said and picked up a few more hours at the restaurant, but the biggest thing was, out of the blue, Kurt shows up and gives me the money he owes me.
Yes, he said he was feeling guilty and wanted to do what was right.
Nope. I just think he’s really changed. We’re having dinner tomorrow night, and I get to wear my new beret. Bye, guys.
You found it. It’s the sound of a cat being run over by a lawn mower.
I think it implies that the elevator doesn’t work.
Uh, why don’t you come with me. I’ll walk you to the apartment.
Okay. You know, I’ve always been curious. What was Leonard like when he was little?
Right, okay. What was he like when he was young?
Oh, um, okay, like, five or six. Five.
I know my dad wanted a boy. I just, I tried being good at sports, but I hated getting dirty!
Uh-huh, he called me Slugger until I got my first training bra, and then he just stopped playing catch with me. I wasn’t Slugger anymore. Your mother’s here!
Come on in. Wait, wait, she’s not gonna come here looking for you, is she?
Hey, I talked to her for five minutes yesterday and I’ve been half bombed ever since.
She was right, you know. The locus of my identity is totally exterior to me.
I mean, do you know where I was all morning? Auditioning with 50 other blondes for some stupid antidepressant commercial. And for what? So I’ll finally get my daddy’s approval?
Yeah, you grabbed your penis and wouldn’t let go. Your mother told me.
You’re gonna lick the salt off my neck, do the shot, and then bite the lime.
Neck, shot, lime. (Leonard starts licking her neck. He is there a long time) Okay, shot, lime.
Why would you bring that up right now?
So you’re saying you’re not having sex with me, you’re having sex with your mother?
That is the sickest thing I’ve ever heard.
Look, I was just coming over to talk to you.
The whole thing froze. I don’t know what happened.
How can I calm down? I’m gonna lose my whole shopping cart. That’s three hours of picking out shoes just shot to hell.
Boy, I love him, but he is one serious wackadoodle.
Yeah, you know the sad thing is, it’s really not. Ooh, is this one of those paintball guns?
Oh, no, thanks. I’m from Nebraska. When we shoot things, it’s because we want to eat them or make them leave our boyfriends alone. (Gun goes off and shoots three paint pellets onto Sheldon’s spot.)
Why do we have to tell him I did it?
Okay, okay, how about this? We tell him somebody broke in.
I’m sorry, I buy it. All those people are on drugs.
Okay, fine. Well, what if we just flip it over? There. Looks fine, right?
Oh, come on. (Sits and wriggles around) There, butt print.
You know, I gotta go home and wash my hair.
Sheldon, I am really, really sorry, but it’s only for a week. Can’t you be a little bit flexible? Yeah, sorry. I didn’t really think that through.
Come on, Sheldon. Just give it a try.
There, nice and comfy cosy. Zero, zero, zero.
What do you mean, nope? What’s wrong with it?
Oh, I love San Francisco. I wish I was going with you.
When I go, I usually just get hammered and ride the cable cars.
It’s kind of a funny name, though, Smoot.
Okay, now that I’ve been completely insulted, have a good flight.
Yeah, we’re putting the play on for one night in this little 99-seat theatre. Can you come? Oh, great. Do you know 98 other people that might want to come? Oh, hang on. (Switches to another line) Hello?
Just a sec. (Switches back to first line) The theatre is above a bowling alley, so it’s a little noisy, but it might be the only chance I’ll ever get to play Anne Frank. And the director is brilliant. He uses the bowling sounds as, like, Nazi artillery. Okay, great, I’ll see you then. (Switches line again) Hello?
Uh, no, I was talking to my friend, but what’s up?
Hey, Leonard. What’s going on with Dr. Wackadoodle?
Okay, I got a box, but there’s no key in here. Just letters.
Oh, Sheldon, are these letters from your grandmother?
Oh, look, she calls you Moon Pie. That is so cute.
Okay, yeah, I kind of crossed a line. Put him back on.
Hang on. Sheldon, do you have any emotional attachment to this box?
Not yet. (Puts box on ground and stomps on it)There it is.
It means nothing to anybody. Come here, let me show you what I’m doing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look, look, look! I started a business.
No, I’m making flower barrettes. See? I call them Penny Blossoms. I made one for myself, then all the girls at work wanted one. Then I showed some to this lady who runs a shop in Old Town. She sells cards and homemade jewellery. She said she wanted to sell them. I said okay, and in one week, I made a $156.
Sheldon, don’t you get it? If this takes off, I won’t have to be a waitress anymore.
Sheldon, I’m sorry about your hamburger, okay? I just don’t want to be a waitress for the rest of my life.
So, what do you think? I mean, this could be a business, right?
I don’t know, like, 50 cents. I’m not sure.
Well, I don’t have to pay taxes on this stuff.
Sheldon, hold on. Could you maybe show me how to make more money with this?
Oh, God, no, no. Just please tell me what to do about it.
Okay, you know what, if I’m not allowed to be snide, you’re not allowed to be condescending.
All right, fine. How are we supposed to set up machines and conveyor belts in my apartment?
Yeah, it’s crazy, but it totally works. Look, we made this Penny Blossom in under three minutes.
Well, there are the waitresses at my work, and this cute, little shop in Old Town.
I’ve got a spaghetti strainer in the kitchen.
Wait, wait, what am I going to do?
Oh, okay, cool. I’m going to take a nap.
Uh, well, it’s a little juvenile. I mean, it kind of looks like the MySpace page of a 13-year-old girl.
Thank you, Penny Blossoms. These will be perfect to cover my bald spot. Aww, that is so sweet.
How are flower barrettes going to appeal to men?
Wait a minute, wait a minute, you want to make a hair barrette with Bluetooth?
Get out! Who needs a thousand sparkly flower barrettes with rhinestones?
Wait, wait, wait, why does it say one-day rush? Since when do we offer a one-day rush?
Yeah, but they don’t have to glue the books together. How the hell are we going to make a thousand Penny Blossoms in one day?
Okay, well, I’m gonna have to call them and cancel the order.
I just don’t see how see can pull this off.
Come on, but if you don’t stay awake we’ll never finish in time.
We should have let him go to bed.
I just want you guys to know I am really grateful for your help, and for every dollar I make, I’m going to give you 20 cents.
Come on. What about the living organism of the workforce and the American spirit and Jiminy Crockett at the Alamo?
Yes, yes, I know that, okay? I’m tired, I’ve had like 18 cups of coffee. The point is, if we all just pull together, we can do this. Who’s with me?
Okay, it’s done. Look, guys, for the future, I don’t mind killing the big spiders, but you have to at least try with the little ones.
Okay, new topic, please. Hey, did you hear the people upstairs in 5A are moving out?
How else was I supposed to say it?
Sheldon, I’m sure it’s going to be fine.
Okay, honey, did you even know the people that are moving out?
Well, I’m sure the new people will be just as quiet.
You’re right, I can’t. You know what? Anyone could rent that apartment now, an opera singer, the cast of stomp, yeah, a tap-dancing pirate with a wooden leg.
I tried making it better, he wouldn’t go for it.
Oh, yeah, I don’t usually dress like this. I’m going jogging.
See ya. I’m dressed like a slob today, too.
I bought new clothes, okay? Is Leonard around?
Oh. all right, that’s cool, no biggie. He said he’d help me set up my printer, but I guess I can wait. What exactly is he doing up there?
Oh, they’re all up there, huh? Hmm, typical.
Okay, now I see the giant squid head. (Leaves)
Hey, I just wanted to bring you a little housewarming gift.
Oh, this? I’m dressed like a slob today.
That’s why I work at the Cheesecake Factory, I’m holding out for the right part.
Uh, hey, guys, guys, you will really appreciate this, I read the best science joke on the internet. Alicia, you won’t get it, but it’s right up their alley. Anyway, so, this physicist goes into an ice cream parlour every week and orders an ice cream sundae for himself, and then offers one to the empty stool sitting next to him. This goes on for a while until the owner finally asks him what he’s doing. The man says, “well, I’m a physicist, and quantum mechanics teaches us that it is possible for the matter above this stool to spontaneously turn into a beautiful woman who might accept my offer and fall in love with me.” The owner then says, “well, lots of single, beautiful women come in here every day, why don’t you buy an ice cream for one of them, and they might fall in love with you?” And the physicist says, “yeah, but what are the odds of that happening?”
How would I know? I’m not even sure I get it.
Uh, hey, maybe when you’re done with her printer, you could set up mine. You know, like you promised a week ago.
I don’t even know why I care. I don’t care. All right, I cared enough to memorize that stupid joke, but that’s all I care.
What are you saying, that I’m threatened by Alicia? That I’m like the old queen of the hive and it’s just time for me to go?
Bees. Aaah! I just got that physicist joke.
No, no occasion, just felt like getting some Chinese chow for my peeps.
So, what do we got going on tonight, huh? Playing Halo watching Battlestar, drop some mentos in diet coke?
What can I say? I got my geek on, boys.
I cannot believe they’re letting her just use them like that. I mean, anything she wants, they go panting after her like trained dogs. You know that just last week, she had Howard drive all the way to her uncle’s house in Orange County to pick up her TV?
Apples and oranges here, Sheldon. I’m telling you, that girl is a user, iceskating through the life on her looks, taking advantage of innocent weak-willed men, getting auditions for stupid network shows. It creams my corn.
Uh, no. No, no, no, you know, congratulations, I think you’ll make a great hooker.
Um, I don’t know, I don’t think a lot.
Um, hey, hey, can I talk to you about that for a second?
Well, you know, it’s just that Leonard and Howard and Raj, they aren’t like other guys. They’re special.
Oh, let’s see, how can I explain this, um, they don’t know how to use their shields.
Yeah, you know, like in Star Trek, when you’re in battle and you raise the shields? Where the hell did that come from? Anyways, um, you know how guys like this are, so, please don’t take advantage of them.
Come on, they’re doing everything for you, because you’re leading them on.
Okay, lady, you are way out of line.
Well, dead whore on TV, live one in real life.
Okay, fine, whatever, um, you guys, this is my friend Eric.
Yeah, yeah, it’s good to see you too. We should really go.
Yeah, but why are you doing it on the stairs?
Oh. Oh, well, good for him. Yeah but, why are you sitting here, why don’t you just go to a movie or something?
Well why don’t you go to a coffee shop.
Well, they have a lot in common. I mean they’re both scientists.
Okay, well I have a date too, so see ya.
No, he was some kind of scientist, let me start again. Oh, hey Leonard.
Okay, well, goodnight. (Grabs Eric and kisses him more passionately.)
Third floor tonight. Mixing it up? (Sheldon indicates extension cord.) Oh. You know, I still don’t understand why you just don’t go to dinner or something.
Okay, I get it, I get it, I get it.
Oh, gee, well, thankyou for that. But, um, I think for now Leonard and I are just going to stay friends.
Sheldon, you are a smart guy, you must know…
You must know that if Leonard and Leslie want to be together, nothing you can do is going to stop it.
Okay, let me put it this way, if you’re really Leonard’s friend you will support him no matter who he wants to be with.
You got me. While you’re there, could pick me up a few comics for my nephew’s birthday?
Leonard, could you pick me up a few comics for my nephew’s birthday?
I don’t know, he’s 13. Just pick out anything.
Ugh, that’s what I was trying to avoid.
Oh, what a cute, little store. Everybody’s staring at me.
Unlikely. Here, what about this one for my nephew?
No, no, no, I just meant for… yeah.
What about the guy over there in the superhero T-shirt tucked into his sweatpants?
Hi. What would you recommend as a present for a 13-year-old boy?
Well, if that doesn’t make me the favourite aunt, I don’t know what will. Is this me?
That’s so sweet, but what if I didn’t like it?
Okay, you’ve got my number, now, give me the picture.
All right. So, um, just give me a call.
Uh, Stuart has a piece in an art show that’s opening tonight.
It’s Friday night, that means Chinese food and vintage video games, right?
Oh come on. I think it’s nice that Captain Sweatpants showed up to your art opening.
Um, you know, it’s kind of early. Do you want to maybe come in for some coffee or something?
Oh, you think coffee, means coffee, that is so sweet. Come on, I think I have decaf.
What’s wrong, Superman? Locked out of your big ice thingy?
Hang on, I think the emergency key is around here somewhere.
So, how did the beautiful mind of Sheldon Cooper forget his key in the first place.
Oh-oh. I just remembered where the emergency key is.
Well, I went in there a few weeks ago when you guys weren’t home, and I forgot it there.
It’s not a big deal, I was making coffee and I ran out of milk.
Alright, Sheldon, let’s just calm down and we’ll call the building manager, he’ll come open your door, you just eat your dinner here while you’re waiting.
Are you trying to make small talk? Oh, sweetie, you really don’t have to.
Well, uh, they shifted my schedule around at the restaurant so my hours are going to be a little different…
Oh, God, I don’t know Sheldon, are you Star Wars?
Okay, I give up, can we just do something else?
Where did that even come from, did he say we were?
Well, some people just can’t handle that kind of relationship.
Sheldon, I really don’t want to talk about this with you.
Of course it’s making me uncomfortable, can’t you tell?
I don’t think the manager’s coming tonight so, here.
Well, it wasn’t the first suggestion that came to mind, but it’s the one I’m going with.
Oh, alright. I will give you my bed on one condition. That you promise to zip your hole for the next eight hours.
Maybe that’s because your hole is still open.
Damn it. What do you want me to do
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, um…
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
Fine. Oh, hey, can I ask you something?
Well, he asked me out again and I said yes, and then I started thinking maybe I should talk to you first.
Well, does it bother you, me going out with one of your friends? ‘Cause you know, you and me…
Well, In that case, do you mind giving me some advice?
He’s very shy, how do I make him feel more comfortable around me?
I really don’t want to talk about it.
I said I don’t want to talk about it.
Look, Leonard, what goes on between me and Stuart is none of your business. So just leave it alone, okay?
Leonard, could you pass the soy sauce, please?
Now, honey, I already told you, the hamburger meat is fresh and stored at a safe temperature.
Sheldon says you’re going to the North Pole.
Yeah. I’m just a little surprised you didn’t tell me.
Oh, hey, no, you don’t have to apologize. There’s no reason you have to tell me. I was just, you know, surprised.
All right, I’ll see what I can do. So, three months at the North Pole. Wow, that is awesome.
Just a warning, Sheldon, the freezer locks from the outside.
Well, I got you a little going away present.
Oh, no, no, no, not just a blanket. See, it has sleeves. Yeah! So, you can, you know, be all snoodled up while you do your science stuff.
Oh, I’m gonna miss you. (She hugs him for a long time) See you later.
Um, I don’t know. You’ll be gone and I’ll notice.
Wine, credit card and late night television are a bad combination.
Leonard, I don’t know what to tell you. It was just a hug.
Okay, bye. (Penny closes door. To herself) Means I wish you weren’t going.
Yes, I can’t get my stupid door open.
Why? I’ll tell you why. Because today I had an audition, it took me two hours to get there, I waited an hour for my turn, and before I could even start they told me I looked too Midwest for the part. Too Midwest? What the hell does that even mean?
I know what it means, Sheldon! God, you know, I have been in L.A. for almost two years now, and I haven’t got a single acting job, I have accomplished nothing, haven’t gotten a raise at work, haven’t even had sex in six months, and just now when I was walking up those stairs a fly flew in my mouth and I ate it.
I did, and he said he’ll get here when he gets here.
No! I am frustrated because I am a failure at everything and my breath smells like fly. (Bursts into tears.)
No Sheldon, I’d rather sit on this freezing cold floor sobbing like a three year-old.
Oh, I don’t know. Can I see them in another colour?
Leonard, guess what, I’m a level three warrior.
Uh-huh, yeah, do I stay in the jungle or go towards the beach?
Okay. (Leonard motions for Sheldon to talk in the kitchen.) Wait, wait, where are you going?
Oh my God, a treasure chest, I’m rich!
Yeah, okay. Listen, I need to talk to Sheldon.
Okay, look, I bought the game, and I’ve been exploring the Island of Tordage but I can’t figure out how to get past the guard captain.
Alright, alright, how do I get the sword?
Is that the place on the hill with the weird priests in front of it?
Right, gimme, gimme, gimme, I want to kill the guard captain. (Leaves).
No danger, look, it’s just me, Penny, look, I got to level 25 and reached Purple Lotus Swamp, right?
Okay, well can we go talk in the living room?
Okay, just tell me, is it too soon to join a quest to the Black Castle?
Yeah, yeah, by some guys in Budapest, I’m just not sure it’s the right move for my character.
Really? Boy, you’d think you could trust a horde of Hungarian barbarians.
No, Fritz, I need you on my flank. No, I don’t know German. Flankenzie, flankenzie!
Yeah, get to the point, I’m about to level up here.
Yeah, jabber jabber jabber, okay boys, Queen Penelope’s back online.
Okay, I’m at the gate to the Treasury of the Ancients, I’m going in.
Oh, here come the mummies, which spell do I use? The hateful strike, or the frenzy stance?
I dumped them, they’re a bunch of wussies.
Oh, okay, wild adventure. Oh, frenzy stance isn’t working, die you undead mummy, die!
Ooh, awesome, okay, I totally like to initiate I’m a big old five.
Yeah, Hi, listen, as long as I’m here, I’m on a quest with a bunch of noobs, they don’t know what they’re doing, we’ve got one assassin, three spellcasters and no tank.
No, no, no, no, I need you now.
Oh my God, I need help. (Closes laptop and throws it away.)
Gosh, Raj, do you think you’ll ever be able to talk in front of me without being drunk? (Shakes head.) Okay, well, I’ll just, um, go eat by myself.
No, it’s okay, between (indicates Raj) him not talking, (indicates Sheldon) him talking and… (indicates Howard) him, I’m better off alone, so, (to Raj) goodbye you poor strange little man (gives him a kiss and exits.)
And you guys aren’t going? I can’t believe you, Raj is celebrating a tremendous accomplishment and you’re not even going to be there to support him?
Come on, this is huge, Raj is going to be in People magazine. And he didn’t even have to knock up one of the Spears sisters.
Of course I would, I would be honoured.
Um, yeah, starting with the champagne a little early aren’t you?
Yeah, well, this is all the donkulous you’re gonna get.
I am not your squeeze. There is no squeezing.
No, no, there’s no sowing, no squeezing, and no sucking face.
I don’t know, maybe it’s the local cuisine. Okay, well, it’s nice to meet you, just gonna set you on down over here, and I’m going to leave so, Namaste. (Leaves, then almost immediately returns) And FYI, you’d be lucky to have me as a daughter-in-law.
Oh, sweetie, it’s okay. (She hugs him. As she does, Leonard exits his apartment to see Penny, in bathrobe, hugging Raj who is apparently about to leave. As she goes back inside, Raj turns, smiles, and puts both thumbs up. Leonard turns, with an upset look, to Sheldon who is standing behind him. Sheldon gives him his exaggerated smile.)
Thanks for the update (begins to close door.)
Yeah, uh, I really don’t think I do.
Yeah, honey, you’ll be fine as long as you don’t do that bungee cord thing, okay?
You know this is my day off, Sheldon.
It’s fine, it’s been on for, like, a month.
How about we just have a little quiet time now?
Sheldon, you know that we care about you.
Yeah, and I never wanted to kick Albert Einstein in the nuts. You know, I gotta ask, why didn’t you just get a license at 16 like everybody else?
I’ll hit you in the face with a pillow.
Oh God, wait, slow, hit the brakes, hit the brakes!
Oh, yeah, no, this thing’s majorly out of order. (Picking up out of order sign) See? Sorry.
Sheldon Cooper? Tall, thin, looks a little like a giant praying mantis?
You know, like what’s his deal? Is it girls? Guys? Sock puppets?
Sorry. (Puts package down and leaves. In hallway, shudders) Holy crap on a cracker.
Hi. You know, you probably don’t want to go in there.
You know, the only way I could explain it would be in a therapist’s office with dolls.
Sheldon, honey, I’ve told you, it’s a small apartment, you only have to knock one time.
Okay, first of all, it is not man after man.
Really? Well, then will you explain it to me?
Um, sure, sisters. (Ramona leaves.) Holy crap on a cracker.
I don’t know, it just died, I’m getting a bunch of static.
You sound just like the cable company. All right, so, shh, Tyra Banks is about to kick someone off America’s Next Top Model.
Oh. That’s Anais, none of the other girls in the house like her.
Oh, Giselle’s not getting kicked off. It’s totally going to be Summer. (She picks up one of Sheldon’s onion rings. Raj lets out a high pitched squeak and points.) What?
I don’t know. I was hungry? What’s the big deal?
All right. Look, I didn’t know, I’m sorry.
All right, yeah, I’ll play along. What was my first strike?
Oh, come on, everybody loves LOLcats. They’re cute and they can’t spell ’cause they’re cats.
Oh, honey, the buses don’t go where you live, do they?
Oh, jeez, you’ve got to be kidding me.
I don’t care. I’m taking a stand. Metaphorically.
I’m banished? What the hell kind of crap is that?
Shrimp Caesar salad with no almonds for the highly allergic kosher-only-on-the-high-holidays Howard, and for our suddenly back on the Hindu wagon Raj, meatlover’s pizza, no meat. Coming right up.
Oh, I didn’t tell you? You’re banished from the Cheesecake Factory.
Well, you have three strikes. One, coming in. Two, sitting down. And three, I don’t like your attitude.
Yeah, no, there’s a new policy. No shoes, no shirt, no Sheldon.
What? I’m not going to apologize to that nutcase.
Leonard, don’t you get it? If you guys keep going along with his insanity, you’re just encouraging him.
Look, I like hanging out with you guys, but I’m not going to apologize for something I didn’t do.
There you go, quesadilla, salad, there’s your pizza, and thanks to Sheldon’s heated discussion with my manager one barbecue bacon cheeseburger, barbecue sauce, bacon and cheese on the side.
No, no, no, no, no. It is on. I am gonna introduce your friend to a world of hurt.
I don’t care, I was in junior rodeo, I can hogtie and castrate him in 60 seconds.
I know. Every Saturday at 8:15, easy to anticipate.
I’m implying that you’re a creature of habit, and if something were to prevent you from doing your laundry on Saturday at 8:15, you might find it unpleasant. (Sheldon hurries away, disturbed) Knuckle under, my ass.
Oh, no, are all the machines taken? What are you gonna do?
Another night? Well, I guess you can try, but deep inside your heart you’ll know that laundry night is always Saturday night.
Yeah, well, your ken can kiss my Barbie.
Yes, I left them in the washers and when I went down to get them, they were gone.
How the hell did you get them up on that telephone wire?
Look, wait, Sheldon, this has gotten out of hand, okay? I’ve done some stupid things, you’ve done some stupid things, how about we just call it even and move on with our lives?
Look, you’ve got to meet me halfway here.
Leonard, remember when I said it was on? Well, now it’s junior rodeo on.
Oh, no, no, no. It is just beginning.
Look, I said I wanted to hurt him, but, but this?
Can I sit wherever I want? No, no, never mind, never mind, that’s, that’s not important. Sheldon, this was big of you. Thank you. I really appreciate it.
What’s wrong with you? you’re freaking me out.
Oh, okay, all right, you know what? I’ll tell you what happened. We were young, we were very much in love, but we could only communicate through a time-traveling mailbox at my lake house.
Your facebook status update. Leonard Hofstadter is in a relationship.
Seriously? You went first, after only two weeks? That’s bold.
Hi! (They stumble, kissing, into her apartment and slam the door shut)
I couldn’t even think of anyone else while you were gone.
It’s great to see you too. Come on in.
Okay, can someone please tell me what’s going on here?
Why did you have to make him happy?
Wait, wait. Aren’t you going to go talk to him?
No, you’re right, you shouldn’t talk to him. I will.
Oh, hon… Uh… (singing) Soft kitty, warm kitty…
Oh. Sorry. I don’t know your sad song.
Well, you know, I do understand what you’re going through.
Well, no, but when I was a senior in high school, one of my friends heard I was going to be named head cheerleader. Oh, I was so excited. My mom even made me a celebration pie. Then they named stupid Valerie Mossbacher head cheerleader. Big ol’ slutbag.
Look, Sheldon, I just don’t think that the guys and Leonard really meant to hurt you. You know? They just told an unfortunate lie to deal with a difficult situation. Okay, you know what it’s like? Remember that scene in the new Star Trek movie when Kirk has to take over the ship, so he tells Spock all that stuff he knew wasn’t true, like saying Spock didn’t care his mom died?
Oh, Leonard, you shouldn’t have. Oh, boy! What is it?
Oh, my God. That’s the most romantic thing anyone’s ever said to me that I didn’t understand.
So, how do you know he ran away?
Well, Leonard, aren’t you going to do something?
Well, wait a second, Leonard, come on, how can you not go? He’s your best friend.
No. I promise I will be here when you get back. Just go help Sheldon.
Yeah. We waited a few months. We can wait a few more days.
Hey, Leonard, check this out. (Throws some food in the air and catches it in her mouth)
Oh, come on, it’s fine. We’ll just put it all on the table, you know, family style.
Oh no, no, you see, in the winter, that seat is close enough to the radiator so that he’s warm, yet not so close that he sweats. In the summer, it’s directly in the path of a cross-breeze created by opening windows there and there. It faces the television at an angle that isn’t direct, so he can still talk to everybody, yet not so wide that the picture looks distorted.
Yeah, well, I don’t think it’s very funny.
Um, actually, can we do it in private?
Thanks, Raj. Okay, so here’s the thing, I was wondering if you could maybe teach me a little physics?
Yeah, okay, cool. I don’t need the PBS special, I just want to know enough so I can talk to Leonard about his job. You know, like Bernadette does.
Come on, Sheldon, this is important to me.
You’re sitting here playing video games all day.
Sure. I did the one with the frogs.
Yeah, actually, it was pretty cool. A lot of the girls threw up, but I gutted that thing like a deer.
Oh, come on! A smart guy like you, it’ll be a challenge. You can make it like an experiment.
Great! It’s a little insulting, but great. I’ll be KoKo.
Um, does this have anything to do with Leonard’s work?
Uh, we know that… Newton was a really smart cookie. Oh! Is that where Fig Newtons come from?
Hey! You don’t have to be so mean!
Oh, God, Sheldon, look I’m trying to understand, but you’re going too fast. Can you just back up a little bit?
I don’t know. Where were we looking up at the night sky?
Okay, look, can we just please forget about all this extra stuff and can you just tell me what Leonard does?
Really? That’s it? Well, that doesn’t sound so complicated.
Okay, I just have one question. What exactly are sub-atomic particles?
Actually, that’s not true, Leonard. In fact, recently I’ve been thinking that given the parameters of your experiment, the transport of electrons through the aperture the nano-fabricated metal rings is qualitatively no different than the experiment already conducted in the Netherlands. Their observed phase shift in the diffusing electrons inside the metal ring already conclusively demonstrated the electric analogue of the Aharonov-Bohm quantum-interference effect. That’s it. That’s all I know. Oh, wait! Fig Newtons were named after a town in Massachusetts, not the scientist.
Oh, I always tear up when the Grinch’s heart grows three sizes.
I just love decorating the Christmas tree. It makes me feel like a little girl again.
Oh, sounds festive. Did you at least give presents?
Sheldon, what about you? Did you have a Christmas tree?
So I take it you don’t want to help us trim the tree.
No, it’s fine. Look, Sir Isaac can go right next to this little candy cane.
Why wouldn’t she approve of me? I’m adorable.
Hey, it’s a big menu. There’s two pages just for desserts.
Okay, you know what? It’s lame when I say it, it’s just ridiculous when you pile on.
So what did she say when you told her we were going out?
You didn’t tell her we were going out, did you?
Well, he sent me a football and a catcher’s mitt for Christmas, so I’m going to say no.
Yeah, I gotta put a sticker over that. So, uh, you must be devastated about your divorce.
Come on, I mean, you’re not upset that your marriage is over?
You know what? I could use a drink. Do you want to stop for a drink?
Okay, now this time try drinking it all at once.
I’ve been responsible for my own buzz since 2003. Another round for me and my homegirl.
As long as you don’t feel it running down your pants, you’re fine.
Well, we are known for our cheesecake. Hit us again.
The one from whom I live across the hall from.
Oh, Beverly, I can’t talk to my boyfriend’s mother about his penis.
Actually, I’ve only had the cheesecake. One more time. You know, Leonard did not want to tell you we were dating.
Get out here! Your mommy wants to talk to you!
What the hell happened to lovely and charming?
That you’d be willing to die a horrible death on the off-chance you’d get to second base?
Well, the last big thing I did was this production of Diary of Anne Frank above a bowling alley. But I think things might be turning around pretty soon.
Well, promise you won’t make fun of me.
Okay. Well, I went to this psychic who told me that if I cut my hair, I’m going to get a national commercial.
She’s not one of those phonies, okay. She wrote a book and has her own Web site.
Oh, we don’t need to talk about that anymore. Leonard covered it pretty well in the car.
Right, and if you can’t understand it, it’s not a fact.
Oh, got it. Thank you for educating me.
Maybe some of us should stop talking altogether.
Wow, that’s all you got after you were the most obnoxious person on a double date that included Howard Wolowitz?
Thank you. Would you be willing to go to my psychic and see what it’s all about?
You saying I don’t have an open mind?
Oh, voodoo’s real. You don’t want to mess with voodoo.
I can’t believe it. If I hadn’t been working the dinner shift, I would’ve run
I’m not scared. I would’ve gone all Nebraska on their asses.
Good night. That was weird, even for him.
Sheldon, do you want to sleep here tonight?
Um… three little kittens? Three little pigs? God, I don’t know. Star Wars?
Look, Sheldon, sweetie, I know you’re feeling insecure, but we’ve really got to go to sleep.
He doesn’t need to know what we were doing, Leonard.
Ugh, what can you do? Here. (From outside there is the sound of the net falling and computer voice saying “Intruder alert.” Then Sheldon screaming. They run out to find Sheldon convulsing under the net.)
Come on, Sheldon, you can’t move. Don’t you need to stay in one place so the mother ship can find you when it returns?
Is he quitting his job at the university?
Born and raised. (Sheldon crosses Nebraska off his map)
Sheldon, I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I’m going to miss you.
Sheldon, that’s so… (Turns to find he has gone.)
Interesting. I usually just have coffee. You’ve been up all night?
Oh, sorry, sweetie, I can’t help you till I’ve had my coffee.
For me, the worst part was when people saw us leave with them.
Oh, what a gentleman. Hey, Sheldon. (Steps on marbles which are all over the floor, screams and falls)
Oh, you’ve been falling all night. You’re used to it.
Toad of truth? Is that a physics thing?
Hey, you know what, Leonard, I know I said I could handle your roommate, but I was wrong. We’re going to have to break up.
Okay, I’ll get those drinks started for you.
No, wait, wait, no, wait. Wh.. what are you doing here?
You just, you just walked in and they hired you, just like that?
Sheldon, wait, this isn’t even what I do. I’m a waitress, not a busboy.
Hey, guys, sorry you had to wait, but we are swamped. What’s this?
Sheldon, where are you going? Aren’t you going to clean this up?
Oh. Wow. Okay. Let’s see. We’ve got, uh, milk chocolate, Swiss cheese, fondue. My lactose-intolerant boyfriend is going to eat all this, then I’m going to climb on his back and rocket to the moon?
Okay, I’m starting to think Swiss is key here.
We’re going to Disneyland and ride the Matterhorn?
We’re going to Disney World and ride the Matterhorn?
Okay, sweetie, this started out fun, but I’m over it.
Is there anything in there about if one of you gets a girlfriend?
Okay, I know I shouldn’t ask, but what is…?
Well, I always figured it was to study us, discover our weaknesses, and report back to your alien overlords.
I’m sorry. Is this supposed to be buttering me up?
Sheldon, this is Leonard’s decision. He invited me to Switzerland, and I intend to go.
Yes. If it means that much to you, you should go.
I know! I went shopping today and bought special undies for the occasion.
Did that sound okay to you? Do not come in here!
I’m having a tea party. What do you think’s going on? I think I might have the flu. Or the plague.
Why don’t I pour it in your lap, and you can tell me.
I don’t know what to tell you, Sheldon.
Of course I do. You’re an important part of my life and I pay attention to the things you are interested in.
Um, uh, Stan Lee, oh, he was in those goofy kung fu movies you love so much?
Oh. So, is this Bruce Lee’s nerdy brother, Stan?
I’m sorry. You sent more than one letter about that?
Okay, look, they sent me the ticket. I told them I wasn’t driving and they were all, if it wasn’t you, who was it?
No! It wasn’t a betrayal. It was more of a can’t afford any more points on my license. I already have to buy my insurance from this place in the Cayman Islands.
Yes, yes, look, and now you have a photo to remember that heroic day.
Sheldon, I’m sorry. I’ll be happy to reimburse you for the fine. You know, as soon as I get a part in a movie or my own TV series.
The reason that date is, like, so totally fixed in my memory is that I had the privilege to be witness to one of the most heroic acts I’ve ever seen in, like, ever.
Why, you did, sir. You. Dr. Sheldon Cooper, and may I add, it is a privilege to know you.
But it is a fact that it’s a privilege to know you. Totally. A teardrop rolls down my cheek?
What do you think? For doing the same crap he always does, except to a judge. He has to stay in there until he apologizes.
Oh, gee, thanks, Leonard. That didn’t occur to me. If he doesn’t apologize by 5 o’clock he is going to spend the night in jail.
I’m going to write you a cheque for that. As long as you promise to put it in your drawer and never cash it, like the others.
Okay, maybe you’ll have another chance to have…
Did he just somehow give me the finger?
Oh, okay. Well, I was hoping, um, you could do me a favour.
Well, I’m kind of responsible for Sheldon missing Stan Lee, and I really want to make it up to him. So I was hoping you could give me his phone number so maybe I can arrange for them to meet.
Then why did you tell me you had it?
Okay, sweetie, I don’t know if we’re gonna have cookies, or he’s just gonna say hi, or really what’s gonna happen, so just let me talk, and we’ll…
Hi. I’m Penny. This is my friend, Sheldon.
Right, right. Anyway, Sheldon here is a huge fan of yours, and he was supposed to meet you the other day at the comic book store, but he kind of ended up in jail.
Oh, no, no, I said I’m inviting you to come with me to Stan Lee’s house.
Oh, no, you didn’t trade the food for magic beans, did you?
Yeah, sometimes I don’t listen, sometimes I just watch your jaw go up and down.
There a new girlfriend in there? ‘Cause you might need one.
Okay, I’m just gonna go home and make a grilled cheese and window-shop on eHarmony.
Hey, guys. Enjoying your food that I actually brought you instead of promising food, but bringing you a box of random crap?
Okay, just to be clear, the first piece of jewellery my boyfriend gives me is a prop from a movie, and I don’t even get to keep it?
Sheldon tried to take the ring and I punched him.
No, no, no, no, no, no, you are my boyfriend. Nothing you do is silly to me.
FYI, this is a bag from Victoria’s Secret.
Ugh, gotta go back to dating dumb guys from the gym.
Sheldon, congratulations. Brought you cheesecake from work. You know, ’cause of your award, not because a busboy sneezed on it.
That’s no reason to back out. You know, I once got a pretty big honour in high school, and I was terrified about appearing in front of a big crowd, but I went through with it, and you know what? The world looked pretty darn good sitting on a haystack in the back of a Ford F-150 as a member of the Corn Queen’s court.
I just love how you always skip over the part where no one asks.
Yes, but you’re not smarter than all of us put together.
Okay, your problem is, you’re trying to do this all by yourself.
Oh. I say a lot of things, sweetie. So, how about it, Sheldon?
Okay. Well, I am going to take you shopping, get you a nice suit. Might give you more confidence.
So, what do you say, Sheldon? Are we your X-Men?
It’ll give you confidence. You know, sometimes when I’m feeling all stressed out about something, I go out and buy a cute top or a fun skirt and I have a whole new outlook on life.
Yeah, that’s when I buy shoes. Now, let’s see what we’ve got. Ooh! This is nice.
Fine. Why don’t you pick out what you like.
Having a little trouble catching your breath there?
Do or do not. There is no try.
Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Um. So, it’s getting pretty late. We should probably go to sleep.
No, no, it’s okay. I mean, let’s face it, you guys would get creamed without me.
Do you really want to get into this right now?
Okay, look, you just caught me by surprise last night. I didn’t know what to say.
Okay, this isn’t the place to have this conversation.
You are. You don’t get to decide when I’m ready to say I love you!
All right, Sheldon, what part of this is supposed to make me feel better?
Oh, honey, I don’t know. Things are a little weird with Leonard right now.
No, no, that’s okay. Just let me talk to him, and I’ll get back to you.
You’re not gonna leave me alone until I do it, are you?
Really? So, you didn’t get all snarky ’cause I said something nice to a bowl of chilli fries?
Look, Leonard, you have to know how much I care about you. It’s just that I’ve said the L word too soon before, and it didn’t work out very well.
I’m sorry. You know what I’m talking about, though.
Okay, I’m sorry, honey, but the Wesley Crushers sounds like a bunch of people who like Wesley Crusher.
No, this isn’t fair to you, Leonard. I’m sorry.
Okay, yeah, well, I’m just gonna go eat my dinner elsewhere. Maybe an airplane headed for a mountainside.
Yeah, it’s a perfectly good word. I mean, you put it in front of dokay and you really got something. All right, look, let’s not overreact, you know? For a lot of couples, it takes time to get to know each other’s rhythms. Learn what the other person wants and likes.
You know, I think this is one of those things where talking about it is not going to make it better. Want a glass of wine?
Okay. See, we should’ve done this last night, you know, have a little wine, take the edge off.
Because I like peppermint, and it’s fun to say schnapps. Hey, Leonard?
Oh, sweetie. You really can’t hold your liquor, can you?
Oh, hey, Sheldon. What you got there? A new comic book?
What do you have a safe deposit box for?
What, do they have Wii cricket now? That can’t be very popular.
Well, if it makes you feel any better, I’m not feeling so hot either.
I don’t know, empathy? Anyway, I’m just saying that you’re feeling upset about something with Howard, and I’m upset about something with Leonard.
No, no. You may be right about me and Leonard.
No, I mean, we can always go back to being friends.
Not a lot. Just that we always have the option of going back to being friends.
I don’t know. I mean, you have to admit things seemed simpler when we were just friends.
Come here. (She gives him a hug. It turns into a big kiss.)
Oh, damn, they cancelled my Visa. Oh, yay, a new MasterCard!
Okay. Are, are you hoping to get it telepathically?
God, can we please just say no longer seeing each other?
Okay, here’s the protocol, you and I are still friends, and you stop saying coitus.
Interesting. I’ll have to have you over for spaghetti some night.
Oh. Um, okay. Why don’t you give me an hour and come over?
So, um, was Leonard okay with you coming over?
Why did you ask if I had one, too?
All right. So, what’s new in your life?
Whatever. Ooh, I’m gonna get the cheesecake out of the fridge.
Oh, oh, good, because, um, his mother called me.
Yeah, she wants me to take him shopping for sheets and towels.
Well, all I know is he says they hurt his feet.
Oh, no, no, no, a bunch of us from work are going to Disneyland next Saturday and Sheldon wants to come.
Well, he heard me making plans on the phone. Was I going to say no?
We’re going to Disneyland. He’s going to eat junk food.
All right, got it. Is there anything else?
No, you already threw up once. Go put on your PJs and brush your teeth.
Sheldon, what are you doing with maxi pads?
Wait, wait, hold on, back up. You’re having a woman stay with you?
Oh, no, no, no, no. I’m not flabbergasted. I’m puzzled. Yeah, let’s go with puzzled.
Oh, good, you’re up. Look, my car won’t start. I need a ride to work.
No, Mr. smarty-pants. I ignored the fill gas tank light.
Oh, Penny, this is Dr. Plimpton, a leading expert on quantum cosmology. Dr. Plimpton, Penny is a waitress who doesn’t understand the role gasoline plays in the internal combustion engine.
Nice to meet you, too. Are you enjoying your stay?
You know what? It’s, it’s none of my business. If you want to sleep with Sheldon’s doctor buddy right after we stopped seeing each other, go for it.
I’m not recommending it. I’m saying it already happened.
You know what? I’m just gonna take the bus to work.
Oh, no, no, it’s okay. You might slip on a banana peel and get me pregnant.
I found these in the dryer. I’m assuming they belong to Sheldon.
Oh, I’m judging you nine ways to Sunday, but you don’t owe me an explanation.
Okay, Babydoll Pink, let’s see if you can cover up the fact that I got my dad’s feet.
Uh, well, you can try, but the people across the hall are being very noisy.
Apparently, the one fella tried to adjust the thermostat, then the other fella went bat-crap crazy.
Well, not as nuts as the guy who chooses to live with him.
So Sheldon’s last roommate tried to warn you off?
Okay, and after all that, you just moved in?
Why on earth did you agree to all that?
Well, I’m sorry, Leonard, it’s very hard to feel sympathy for you.
A little bit. Okay. Let me get this straight. You move in with this guy, he makes you sign a ridiculous roommate agreement, then he walks into your bedroom while you’re doing this Joyce Kim, and you still stay?
What does that have to do with Joyce Kim?
So, what, that’s it? You’ve stayed with Sheldon all this time because he kept you from going to federal prison?
Oh, yeah, I’m wondering about that. You said it was working when you moved in.
Okay, what does all this have to do with the elevator?
Okay, how do you know he said that? You left the room.
What were you doing with rocket fuel in your apartment?
Are we ever going to get to the elevator?
Okay, so, basically, you’re the reason I have to walk up and down three flights of stairs every day?
Excuse me, I was in high school. Studying, keeping my nose clean, doing volunteer work for the community. (Flashback. Penny is in her bedroom, sitting on the bed with a guy, looking at a pregnancy tester.)
Zack was a perfectly nice guy, and then you ruined him!
‘Cause in the olden days, I never would’ve known he was so stupid.
Yes, he was! He thought you were gonna blow up the moon!
He spent the entire night bragging about how he invented the word appe-teasers.
You have destroyed my ability to tolerate idiots. Now, come with me.
Put on your noise-cancelling headphones, ’cause it’s gonna get loud.
What, do you have eyes in the back of your head?
Oh, hi. Um, I gotta run. Early shift.
Yeah, it must have been. I just threw up in my closet.
Look, I’m sorry. I was drunk, I was lonely, I hated Zack. Can we just forget it ever happened?
Look, I said I’m sorry. Can’t u please let it go?
Tell you what, next French Toast Day, I will make you oatmeal.
Sorry. Okay, who wants syrup and who wants cinnamon sugar?
Yes, well, I want a boyfriend whose roommate isn’t a giant pain in the ass.
You know what, I give up. He’s impossible.
Okay, so Kim the night manager went on maternity leave, and her husband’s name is Sandy, right? So get this, her replacement is a woman named Sandy whose husband’s name is Kim.
Ooh, Sheldon, it’s as if you don’t think I’ll punch you.
Oh, man, did the Kiss Army repeal don’t ask, don’t tell?
Oh, wow, you’re actually going out like that?
They’re gonna get beaten up at Walgreens. Oh, sorry, Sheldon, I almost sat in your spot.
Anime. You know, I knew a girl in high school named Anna May. Anna May Fletcher. She was born with one nostril. Then she had this bad nose job and basically wound up with three.
Oh, am I talking too much? I’m sorry. Zip.
Yes please. (Her phone rings) Oh. Hey, Kim. Yeah, I… (sees Sheldon looking disapprovingly) You know what, hold on, let me take this in the hall. (Sheldon silently offers her another chocolate. She takes it.) You’ll never guess who they got to replace you at work…
well, my new bed got delivered, if you come over and put it together, you can stay at my place.
Yeah, but if we stay there, we won’t have to be quiet.
Oh, you know, that reminds me, I usually go back to Nebraska for thanksgiving, but this year they’re calling it off on account of my brother’s trial.
Oh, just a big misunderstanding. You know, you’d actually like my brother, he’s kind of a chemist. Anyway, I was thinking I’d have thanksgiving here, and you are all invited.
Ugh, fine. But the man really needs to work on his girl issues.
Ah, it’s nice having the place to ourselves, isn’t it?
Mm-hmm. Hey, want to get a little crazy?
Let’s slide over to Sheldon’s spot a make out.
Leonard, honey, you don’t have to say thank you every time we have sex.
See, if you had killed me when I said kill me, I wouldn’t have had to hear that.
Okay, I’ve got another question. When does this get fun?
Really? Oh, great. I mean, aw. Okay, I gotta go.
Because the last me I didn’t go, I ended up playing Mystic Warlords of Ka.
Well, in the first grade, my friend Rosie and I made a pact to marry Bert and Ernie. You know, from Sesame Street?
Then we found out we both wanted Ernie. We didn’t speak again until middle school.
The heart wants what the heart wants, Leonard.
Okay, I don’t know where you’re going with this, but tread carefully because it may be the last conversation we ever have.
And you thought a good time to bring this up be right after sex.
I’m not hooking Wolowitz up with one of my friends.
The problem isn’t what’s on the inside. It’s the creepy candy coating.
Oh, great thing about Ernie, was he never asked me for anything. He just gave.
She’s adorable, Howard. I think you’ll like her.
No, I thought that would be a nice surprise for her.
I just told her you’re an aerospace engineer, you speak five languages…
Right. Oh, and I told her you have an unhealthy attachment to your mother.
Hey, guys. What you doing? Going out to discover electricity?
Oh, gee, sounds amazing, but, um, I’ve got some friends coming over. Not a big thing, we’re just gonna watch the Nebraska game.
I would’ve invited you, but I know you’re not a football fan.
Well, maybe we’ll hang out later, you know, after everybody’s gone.
Oh, my god, no. Why would you ask that?
Leonard, look, if you want to meet my friends, that would be great. I just, you know, I didn’t want you to be bored.
Okay, great. Well, then why don’t you come over next Saturday and watch the game with us.
Oh, that’s okay, a lot of the guys’ girlfriends don’t know football. They just kind of drink and talk in the kitchen.
Sweetie, that’s a highlight from the ’98 championship game.
Oh. I was just kind of hoping you were drunk. Now we’re back live.
I know. I just need you stop talking.
You know, Leonard, honey, I wouldn’t mind if you wanted to go fly kites with Sheldon.
And you’re gonna be here for a couple more.
So, yeah, anyway, that’s my boyfriend. He is really smart.
Wow, Sheldon, I cannot believe you made up your own game.
All right, five. One, two, three, four, five. Oh, wow, look at that, my Department of Defence research grant is renewed.
Actually, I have to pick up my friend Justin from the airport.
Um, yeah, if you want. I mean, there may not be room. He’s got a lot of stuff, like guitars and amplifiers.
Yeah, my friend from Omaha, plays the guitar. Anyway, he’s coming to L.A. looking for some session work, so I told him he could just crash on my couch for a few weeks.
Okay, we went out a little bit, a long time ago, but we were never like going out.
Do you have a problem with Justin staying with me?
You know what? Don’t talk to me like I’m an idiot.
How is that not talking to me like I’m an idiot? It’s my friend, it’s my couch, and it’s my freakin’ life!
Hey, if I want to invite the entire line up of Lollapalooza to sleep in my apartment, I will, and it’s none of your business!
Oh, now I’m a child? Well, at least I’m not an idiot anymore!
Oh, you are such a… (Sheldon has placed ice in the blender and turned it on) What the hell is he doing?
Sheldon, just stop, look, the fight is over. Oh, and FYI, you never even heard of The Black Eyed Peas until you met me!
E-e-e-e-eh! Wrong answer, but thank you for playing.
Oh, there it is again! You think I’m stupid!
Oh, yeah? well, there’s a difference between being a jerk and being an ass!
Oh, thank you very much. Come back soon. With the other half of my tip. Hey, Sheldon, what are you doing here?
No, no, Sheldon, they just make a half-sandwich.
Okay, fine, it’s soup and a small sandwich. Is that what you want?
I am not going to apologize. I’ve done nothing wrong. He is completely overreacting.
Well, I’m sorry, Sheldon, but this really isn’t about you.
Yeah, yeah, I’ll be right there. Look, Sheldon, I have to go.
I’m coming. Goodbye, Sheldon. What do you mean, transgressions I’ve committed?
Like what? Yeah, yeah, I see you, you’re making a little cheque sign in the air, I got it, just hold your horses. What does Leonard complain about?
Okay, if Leonard has so many problems with me, why hasn’t he just said so?
Oh, really? Well, then, do me a favour and tell Leonard that he can drop dead!
I hear you don’t like my stuffed animals, my driving or my punctuality.
It doesn’t matter why he told me. It’s true, isn’t it?
That isn’t even your problem, the problem is you don’t trust me!
Oh, your yelling must have freaked him out again.
No, I’m going to go find your damn roommate before he hurts himself trying to cross the street or something!
Oh, now I need your permission for that, too?!
Really? Why not? You’re so smart, and I’m so dumb!
Hey, why don’t you just let me find him while you sit there hitting your imaginary brake?
Oh, yeah, kind of. It’s, it’s no big thing.
Come on, Sheldon, let’s go home. Look, we’re done fighting.
Okay, there’s going to no more shouting and no skeet-shooting.
Oh, my God, would you let this go?!
Leonard, will you just let me handle this, please? Look, let’s just… Sheldon, please,
You know, how about we buy you this robot, and then we all go home?
He’s a musician. He’ll sleep in his own vomit, if he has to.
Oh, for god’s sakes, I’m in the bathroom!
Get in here! Hurry! Don’t you dare knock.
I slipped in the shower, and I think I dislocated my shoulder.
Yeah, okay, whatever. Will you just turn the water off and help me up?
Oh, my god. I got to go to the emergency room.
No, no, no, I can’t wait that long, you got to help me, please.
I don’t need panties, I just need shorts and a shirt.
Okay, now, you got to help me put these on.
I don’t want you to see me naked.
Ok, now you gotta help me get my arm into the sleeve.
In a parking lot in Hollywood. Now, can we please go?
No. The light has been on since I bought the car.
It’s not going to explode, just keep driving. Warp speed ahead, Mr. Spock.
How did you see it? You said you wouldn’t look.
Oh, my god, what the hell does this have to do with my stupid shoulder?
Hey, Sheldon, Sheldon, look, I am scared and in a lot of pain. Could you please just take a break from being you for just a minute and try being, I don’t know, comforting?
Wait. You have to help me get into bed. Sheldon has to get me into bed. Bet you never thought I’d say that.
You know, people think you’re this weird robot man who’s so annoying all the time, and you totally are, but then it’s like that movie Wall-E at the end. You’re so full of love, and you can save a plant and get fat people out of the floaty chairs.
Injured and drugged is a kind of sick.
Wait, wait. Let’s sing it as a round. I’ll start. Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur… See that’s where you come in. I’ll start over. Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur… I’ve got all night, Sheldon. Soft kitty, warm kitty… (Sheldon joins in with the round) little ball of fur, happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
Why are you back from your date so early?
Yo, Raj, talk to me. I’m sorry, just screwing with you. Hey, Howard, why haven’t you called Bernadette?
Yeah, she said she hasn’t heard from you in a week. I thought you liked her?
She agreed to go out with you for free. What more do you need?
Howard, you’re going to throw away a great girl like Bernadette because you’re holding out for some ridiculous fantasy?
Hey, I did not settle for Leonard. I mean, obviously, he isn’t the kind of guy I usually go out with, you know, physically.
My point is, I do not judge a book by its cover. I am interested in the person underneath.
All right, you know what, I will tell you why it’s wrong…
Oh, gee, you’re too late. Scarlett Johansson and Wonder Woman were just in here trolling around for neurotic, little weasels.
Yes, but I don’t think she wants to see you.
Come on, Howard. You hurt her feelings by not calling her all week. Plus, I’ve kind of been talkin’ some smack about ya.
Are you sure? He’s small. I bet I can get a nice, tight spiral on him.
Oh, does that come up much on the space station?
Really? They’re going to make a robot that spits on your hamburger?
Does NASA know you’re using that thing as a napkin holder?
Are you telling me, for the past four months I have been asking you what’s new and you never thought to go with Sheldon has a girlfriend?
You don’t even like people touching you. How are you going to have sex?
Oh, honey, did your mom not have the talk with you? You know, when your private parts started growing?
Look, Sheldon, before you race off to the fertility clinic, you might want to think about, uh gee, I don’t know, maybe actually spending some time with her.
Okay, look, don’t think of it as dating a girlfriend. Think of it as, uh, getting to know the future mother of your child.
You do realize I stand on the other side of the door waiting for you to finish knocking three times.
Yeah, my point is it’s a waste of time.
Sheldon, did it ever occur to you that I might have other plans?
Yeah. Well, my question is, and I’m pretty sure I know the answer, is this your first date?
Okay. Well, then, there’s a couple of things you should probably know.
My point is, I know more about dating than you, and if you were as smart as you think you are, you would listen to me.
So, um, Amy, Sheldon tells me you’re a neuro something-or-other.
Um, what is that scent you’re wearing? It smells great.
No, no, I was just giving you a compliment.
Okay. Uncomfortable silence it is. Hey, Sheldon, have you told Amy what it was like for you growing up in Texas?
I myself grew up in Nebraska. Small town outside of Omaha. You know, nice place, mostly family farms, a few meth labs.
I don’t know. I was just trying something.
Hey, here’s another possible topic of conversation. This is a big night for Sheldon. Right, Sheldon?
No, no. My point is, uh, tonight is Sheldon’s first official date. Discuss.
So, um, Amy, what about you? Do you date much?
Uh, yeah, I wouldn’t say many. A few. (Sheldon laugh’s strangely). What’s (imitates Sheldon’s laugh)
Whoa, wait, wait, wait. I did not start dating at 15.
Okay, Sheldon, I think you’ve made your point.
Okay, Sheldon, you are so wrong. That is not even close to the real number. I’m gonna need a drink over here.
No! No! No. Let’s just all finish our dinners, okay?
I did not have sex with 31 guys.
Okay, you know what? I’m gonna come at this in a whole new way. Sheldon, if you try to make a baby with Amy in a petri dish, I’m gonna tell your mother on you.
Really? Your deeply religious born-again Christian mother wants a test-tube grandbaby born out of wedlock?
If I’d thought of that in the first place, I could’ve saved myself this whole night.
Oh, so I spent seventh grade dotting my I’s with little asses? Cool.
Yeah, I got it, I got it. Uh, Zack, these are my friends Bernadette and Amy.
Oh, we went out a couple of times.
No, it was great. He just didn’t really challenge me on an intellectual level.
Oh, we know what’s causing that, don’t we?
Yeah. That’s why I’m going to skip over it. Are you saying that Amy is, oh, what’s the
I’m suggesting there might be something you could do about Amy’s urges?
Yeah. That’s not what I had in mind.
Hey, your copy of Science magazine was in my mailbox.
You know, for a group of guys who claim they spent most of their lives being bullied, you can be real jerks. Shame on all of you. (Closes door)
Wait, w-w-wait-wait-wait, you’re ditching me to go look at comic books?
Wait, why me? Wh-Why can’t your girlfriend be Wonder Woman?
Okay, well, forget it. I’m not spending my New Year’s Eve at a comic book store wearing a Wonder Woman costume.
All right. Let’s get this thing over with.
No. I’m not wearing it. It looks stupid.
Okay. You know what? I changed my mind. I’m not going.
Okay, look. We’re not really me and him.
I don’t know. I only started seeing Zack again so I wouldn’t be alone on New Year’s Eve. How pathetic is that?
Whatever. Look, if Zack and I had just gone to a regular club or a party, it would have been fine, but this, with the costumes, and you.
Nothing. Let’s go to the party. (Puts on wig) How do I look?
Whatever your secret is, I’m sure it’s boring, so I’m not interested.
Oh, great. You know what? I’ve already mooched dinner off you guys. I don’t need to listen to this.
What you doing? Trying to contact your home planet?
Hey, you don’t need Leonard and his app. You can make one with me.
Seriously, I have a great idea for one.
Okay, look, when you see someone wearing shoes you like, you just snap a picture of them, and the app goes on the Internet to find out where you can buy them.
And Leonard didn’t want to work with you? Imagine that.
Sheldon, I’m gonna make some cocoa. Do you want some?
Hi. I’m sorry to bother you guys, but you’ve got to come take your Sheldon back.
Well, he was moping down in the lobby, so I invited him over, and now I regret it.
Look, can’t you just let him play with you until bedtime?
Okay. What if I got him to apologize and promise to behave?
Oh, yes. He says they are lost without you.
No, no, no. You know, they have suffered enough. Everybody’s suffered enough. The thing is, you’re going to have to offer him a face-saving way out of this.
Okay. Um, how about this? You know how you’re always trying to learn about sarcasm?
Oh. Good for you. So all you have to do here is say you’re sorry to Leonard, but say it sarcastically.
Yeah. Yeah, that was my plan. All right. Come on. Let’s go.
Okay, these are Uggs. These are Crocs. These are knockoff Manolo Blahniks.
Look, you said it yourself, we have to create a database before you can write an alga-thingy.
Bored. Okay. These are Steve Maddens. These are Nine West. These are Target. Oh, but don’t they look like Chanel? These are Michael Kors. These are Roxy. These are Sachel’s. Oh, these are Betsy Johnson, they’re so cute…
Okay. So, the usual, with extra spit on Sheldon’s hamburger.
Oh, gee, Amy, I’m sorry, I’m actually pretty busy this weekend.
Oh. Oh, okay, well, you know, like I said, I have plans, so.
Oh, don’t feel bad. I never read Leonard’s, and I used to sleep with him.
No, I really, I’m sorry, free what? Sorry, what, what?
Wait, wait, just to be clear, when you guys say spa, does that mean the same thing as when regular people say it?
You know, it is going to be difficult, but I’m going to cancel my plans so I can do this for my bestie.
Boy, this is great. I haven’t had a vacation in ages.
You know, for a smart guy, you really seem to have a hard time grasping the concept, don’t piss off the people who handle the things you eat.
So, Amy, I’ve been wondering, are you and Sheldon going to be sharing a room?
Well, it’s a table, right? I mean, why can’t there be food on it?
I don’t understand why you people just let him bully you like this. Someone should stand up to him. What’s he going to do?
I can’t believe you let him kick me out of the car.
Um, sure. What do you, what do you got in mind?
Um, I never really thought about it. Why?
Well, Howard’s a complete and total ass, Bernadette’s in my bed, and no matter how much you stroke Amy’s hair, she bites.
Never mind. Can I stay here or not?
Well, I’m not getting in bed with him.
We’re just gonna have to make the best of this.
Sweetie, let me put this in a way you’ll understand. From the waist down, my shields are up.
I really appreciate you letting me stay here tonight.
Good night. You know, maybe it wouldn’t be the worst idea in the world to violate the Neutral Zone for just one night. Oh!
Hey, Leonard, is your wi-fi down? I can’t get on.
Listening to Dr. Cooper has made me want to start cutting myself again
I’m not an (finger quotes)actress. I’m an actress.
Yeah, I saw those. They were funny. I printed a few out and put ’em on my fridge.
Okay, just to be clear. You are asking me for help because I know something that the brilliant Dr. Sheldon Cooper doesn’t.
I think it’s the only way to look at it.
Probably. I’m just enjoying the foreplay. Does this mean you are done mocking my acting career?
Well, I thought we’d start with some basic movement exercises. You know, get our bodies warmed up a little.
So I just want you to relax and kind of move around in the space. You know, just do whatever feels natural. Sheldon?
Come on, you got to work with me. We need to get connected with our bodies.
All right, let’s just say we’ve warmed up.
Okay. One of the things that might help you in connecting with your students is being a little more spontaneous. So why don’t we try some improvisation?
I’m going to create a character and a situation, and you just jump in when you feel it.
Okay, it’s not a movie. It’s improv. So no one calls action.
Okay. Uh, no, the shipment has not arrived, and I really need those shoes. They are my biggest seller. Yes, ladies sizes six through ten. Thank you. Oh, sorry, I have to go, I have a customer. Bye-bye. Hi. Can I help you?
Um, okay, sure. Luckily, we sell both shoes and yogurt here.
Yes. Look up at the sign, and remember, improv is always about saying yes.
Okay, you know what? Let’s just try a different improv. Uh, oh, this time we will be two winos living under a freeway overpass.
You bet. I had dreams, you know. I was gonna be famous. Show everybody back home I could be someone. Now look at me. Want some?
So, did you get a chance to go over the scene I gave you?
Okay, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is an American classic.
Fine. What would you rather do as a scene study?
And you think it’s better than Tennessee Williams?
Okay, that’s fine, but let’s try and get you out of your comfort zone.
Okay, the whole point of this is to loosen you up a little, so I’m thinking you’ll play the role of your mother, and I will bring life to Mr. Spock.
Okay, okay. We get it. You set the scene.
We have been monitoring your son Sheldon from the 23rd Century, and we have determined that he is now ready to join us. His unique genius is our best hope for bringing peace to a vast and troubled galaxy.
Okay, okay, let’s try that last line again, and this time, maybe try choking up a little.
All right, come on, just try it my way. Pretend you’re sad to see him go. I’m gonna lead you in. His unique genius is our best hope for bringing peace to a vast and troubled galaxy. That’s your cue.
All right, come on, come on. Put some real emotion into it. Blah-blah, blah, blah, vast and troubled galaxy. Go.
Yeah, just tuck that part in your pants; you’ll be fine.
Oh, Howard, I can’t believe Bernadette let you go to a fancy party wearing a dickey.
Sheldon, it’s Saturday night, you’ll be doing laundry.
Okay, we can’t keep explaining everything. Read that book we got you.
What was all that about me trading sexual favours for material gain?
He still won’t shag the old lady, huh?
Oh, please, I recognize the walk of shame when I see it. All you’re missing is a little smeared mascara and a purse with panties wadded up in it.
I believe that’s what your roommate did to her.
Really, I am not upset about Leonard and Priya.
Oh. Well, good for him. Hey, what do you mean, more suitable?
Yeah. Okay, I got it. I got it. So, what is all that stuff?
Oh, yes. Hi, hi. I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had company. I don’t want to impose.
If I had more than a box of baking soda in my refrigerator, I wouldn’t have to take that.
Hi. So, um, Priya, you’re a lawyer, right?
Oh, yeah, yeah. It’s real great. Today I drove to Van Nuys for an audition I thought was going to be for a cat food commercial. Turned out to be porn.
I already told you, I’m okay with it. I mean, if anything, I’m quite pleased (starting to blub) that Leonard has found someone (starting to blub) that makes him so happy.
Oh, okay. Well, I guess it’s just the two of us, huh?
Oh, sweetie, it’s okay. I don’t want tea.
Oh. Hey, Sheldon. What can I get ya?
Well, I was getting your stupid umbrella, but all right. What’s troubling you, buddy?
There you go. Just like recovering alcoholics drink in the Caribbean.
Yeah, it’s a great time to be alive, isn’t it?
Look, Sheldon, Leonard is dating Priya. She is staying with Raj. That means you’re all probably gonna be hanging out there more.
Okay, I’m not upset about Leonard and Priya.
A lot of people think I’m fun to be around.
Ooh, I got one. If you guys were a band, you’d be called Leonard and the Leonards.
Oh. Gee, thanks, but I’m not really in the mood.
Okay, look, if I agree to go out with you guys, will you promise to stop pestering me about Leonard and Priya?
All right. I’ll go change. Come on in.
So, where do you guys want to go dancing?
Oh, yeah, I know that place. What do you think?
Okay, let’s go through this one more time. Just because Leonard has a new girlfriend does not mean I need to go out and hook up with some guy.
I don’t know. It’s fun while you’re doing it. And then after, it’s mostly embarrassment, self-loathing and regret.
Yeah, well, it’s not gonna happen tonight. You know, for the first time in my life, I am not in a relationship, and I’m totally okay with it.
Oh, it’s a snowflake from the North Pole. Leonard gave it to me last year.
Let me see that. Oh, screw it. I can deal with a little self-loathing. Let’s go find me a heinie to bite.
Oh, big deal. Not knowing is part of the fun.
Hey, you look great. Good for you, Priya. I could never get that stupid hoodie off him when we were… well, you look great.
I’m not going out with him. He can sleep with whoever he wants.
You know, well, I’m happy Leonard’s found someone. Not that anybody asked.
Oh, unbelievable! Know how he did it yet?
Aw, he has the same look my little nephew gets when he can’t figure out how I got his nose.
Hey, I think I know how you did the card trick.
Not too bad for someone who doesn’t know what axiomatic means.
Hey, is that one of the new shirts Priya got you?
No, that’s silk. Seriously, what would you do without me?
You know, I gotta tell you, I think you got a real winner with Priya.
She seems really sweet. Believe me, you do not want to take that for granted. There are a lot of bitches out there.
Uh, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush?
It’s fun talking to you, Leonard, I always learn stuff.
Hey! Look at Leonard in his fancy-ass grownup clothes. Way to go, Priya. For once, he doesn’t look like a mannequin in the boys’ department. Hey, did he tell you I saved the silk shirt?
He was gonna throw it in the washing machine with his Spiderman underwear. That’s our Lenny, huh?
So, how’s the food here? Oh, wow, that is really, really good. Oh, I’m sorry. You guys are on a date. We can hang out anytime. Have fun.
Oh, that’s, hot, hot, hot, hot! Whoo! It really sneaks up on ya, huh? All right, I gotta go.
Oh, hey, I was just on my way to work.
No, it’s all right. Walk me down. So, what’s up?
Okay, I’m not moving anywhere. What the hell is this all about?
Oh, for god’s sake, Leonard, this is about Priya, isn’t it? She doesn’t want me hanging out with you.
Okay, look, I happen to like your girlfriend.
It doesn’t matter. Look, I promise from now on I will keep my distance from you.
Leonard, I get it. You’re in a new relationship now. And I’m happy for you. So why don’t we just shake hands and part friends?
Oh, I know. Bernadette told me. Sorry, Sheldon. I know that game meant a lot to you.
Okay, well, anyways, I brought you a day-old cheesecake to cheer you up!
Oh, hi! I was just dropping off a cheesecake to Sheldon. He was robbed of a bunch of imaginary crap that’s useful in a make-believe place.
Did you know last weekend Priya took Leonard rollerblading at the beach? Can you believe that?
I am the one who spent two years trying to get him to even go to the beach in the first place. And he was so phobic about stepping on medical waste, I had to carry him to the water.
So what’s the thanks I get for turning Leonard into quality boyfriend material? I have to tiptoe around his new girlfriend.
Want some coffee liqueur on your ice cream?
You guys should’ve seen Leonard when I first met him. There was no eye contact. He was either looking up at the ceiling, or down at his shoes.
You know, for the first couple of months, whenever I would take off my bra, he would giggle and say, oh boy, my breast friends.
No, don’t do that. No reason to be mean to her.
No, but I can name all the Kardashians.
Hi. We’re just heading out for a drink.
Don’t listen to her, she’s had a lot of ice cream. Do you want to join us?
No problem. So, Leonard, I think it’s interesting you didn’t call your girlfriend to come get you.
Well, doesn’t matter if she gets it, as long as she’s pretty.
So did you at least get Sheldon’s fake stuff back?
I’m gonna show you how we finish a quest in Nebraska. Oh. Beyonce. (Ride of the Valkyries) This ain’t no Beyonce.
Well, then, good news. Today’s the day a girl’s finally going to touch you in your little special place. (Kicks him in the groin) Now give him his stuff back.
Amy’s right. I do want to fling my poop at her.
No, no, no, no. You’re right. We’re not going out anymore, I should pay for myself. (After Raj whispers to Howard, and Howard laughs) What?
Yeah, but you wouldn’t be able to talk to yourself. I’m a little low on cash.
So you want to turn yourself into some sort of robot?
Okay, here’s my question. Didn’t you already do that?
No, it won’t. Um, how does he know I jog?
Oh. And the Flash shirt is what? Because you’re gonna run really fast?
No. I just run till I’m hungry, then I stop for a bear claw.
It’s good to stretch your muscles before you run.
All right, let’s start with a toe touch. Okay, you do it.
Oh. Wow. Good job. Okay, um, can you do this?
Okay, let’s just warm up on the run.
Okay, can I get you after Friday when I get paid?
It’s not free, I’m gonna pay him back. (Raj whispers. Both laugh again) Shut up!
Yeah, to be honest, I don’t see much difference.
So, either one of you weirdos want to buy my underwear? Only fourteen hundred bucks.
Oh, great. Hi, I’m Penny, I’ll be your waitress.
I’d rather people not know I have any prior connection to you whatsoever.
Yeah, I know who he is. I watch Dancing with the Stars.
You know, there’s an Olive Garden down the street. You guys should try it sometime.
Really, you want me to sing Soft Kitty to a computer monitor?
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur.
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
‘Course I heard about it. How did you hear about it?
Oh, damn it. I told Amy that in the strictest confidence. Boy, some people are such blabbermouths. Well, whatever, I’m sure Bernadette can do better.
Okay, give. How do you know? Did he tell you?
Priya told you. What a little gossip. You know, not an attractive quality in a woman, Leonard. Not judging, just my opinion.
You don’t have to worry. Unlike Amy and Priya, I know how to keep a secret.
What the hell are you doing? Howard is your best friend, and that is his girlfriend. You should be ashamed of yourself.
Well, I know that. How do you know that?
Okay, listen, just because Howard and Bernadette are having problems, does not mean you should be here sniffing around.
All right, try thinking about this. Sheldon and Amy had sex.
I-I guess they just figured it out at some point.
Oh, hey, Amy. Bernadette just texted me. Howard proposed?
Oh, I’m sorry, honey, I’m meeting Amy and Bernadette for dinner. But you’re welcome to tag along.
Okay, suit yourself. We’ll probably be trashing Priya a little.
Okay, I’d like to propose a toast to a wonderful girls night out.
I felt sorry for him. Priya’s giving him a hard time.
Yeah, you’re a scientist, where is the curiosity?
Take us to a place we can waltz.
Yeah, I said I’m fine. Stop talking to me.
Okay, Amy, you’re being silly. I am not concerned about who hangs out with who. And I certainly don’t have a problem with Leonard’s new girlfriend who wears way too much makeup. Ooh, these are cute. Of course if I buy them, I’ll have to rent my womb out to a gay couple.
Okay, I don’t know you people. I’m just an innocent woman wondering if this shoe store will take my Texaco card.
No. Once these puppies touch the ground they’re mine, and I’ll have to wear them walking up and down Hollywood Boulevard in order to pay them off. Pretty, pretty, pretty.
Hey. Seriously? Didn’t you get enough of this cliquey crap in high school?
Um, okay. Tell Bernadette to tell Priya that I’m on my way to Prague to shoot a movie with Angelina Jolie.
All right, look, just forget about the astronaut.
Look, just find out what’s up with this trip to India.
Hey, do me a favour and take table seven.
Nah, I prefer to look at it as the one with my ex-boyfriend and his gorgeous, successful and sophisticated girlfriend, who makes me feel like a toothless Okie.
Oh, please, you’re not that kind of person.
Haven’t seen you in a while. How’s it going?
I don’t know, maybe, I have no idea what you said.
It’s not a big deal, Sheldon. It’s just, ever since Leonard’s been dating Raj’s sister, I’ve had to keep my distance. I don’t get to hear all your jibber-jabber.
What are you doing at work these days?
Alright, come on, even you have to admit that’s jibber-jabber.
Oh, my God, you’re about to jibber-jabber about jibber-jabber.
Okay, well, your friend and his mother are there, we’re going.
Oh, don’t tell me you’re afraid of germs.
Okay, you know what? You are unbelievable. You buy all these superhero T-shirts, but when it’s time for you to step up and do the right thing, you just hide in the laundry room.
Hang on a second, you picked up your mother? Her own legs are barely able to do that.
Yeah, I’m saying, it’d be easier to lift a car.
How else is she supposed to take it?
Well, he’s my friend. It’s what you do. (Laughs)
It’s just so weird. Howard Wolowitz is my friend. You know, once he tried to stick his tongue down my throat and I broke his nose.
You know, this stuff is horrible. You want to see if we can find the cafeteria and get real coffee?
You want to talk about crazy mothers, Leonard’s mom wouldn’t give him any sort of approval growing up.
It makes him desperate to please women. That’s why the foreplay goes on and on.
It’s like he’s trying to win a prize. A word of advice, don’t doze off. You will never hear the end of it.
We were just comparing notes about how you are in the sack.
Yeah, a little tip: he says he can eat frozen yoghurt. Do not believe it.
Wow, so that means you’re a doctor, you’re a doctor, you’re a doctor, you’re a doctor, and Howard, you know a lot of doctors.
Yeah, just a heads-up on the car window deal. It helps, but everything is not peachy.
What do you mean, new roommate? What happened to Leonard?
All right, let me try this again. Where’s Leonard?
Woah, Leonard and Priya are living together? That’s big.
Oh, no, no, no. I’ve had way too much already.
Okay, explain something to me. You watch Leonard put up with that guy for years and years. What has to break inside your brain for you to think, Oh, Krishna, I’ve got to get me some of that?
What? Oh, God, yeah. Yeah. Leonard’s a noisy little dude in the sack.
Really? Even during allergy season, when he has to alternate between kissing and breathing?
Yeah. Sorry, sorry. Can I tell you a secret?
I screwed up. Leonard’s a great guy. Never should have broken up with him.
Nothing, nothing. You know, if we weren’t friends, and you hadn’t brought up that creepy pornography story, I’d be on you like the speed of light squared on matter to make energy.
I listen. I have no idea what it means, but I listen. To friendship.
Oh. It’s, it’s not what it looks like.
I got it. But what I was going for was, you know, how’s your life?
Okay, I’m just gonna walk away, ’cause I don’t want to be here.
So this is the plan? From now on, we’re just gonna hide out in here to avoid the Shamy?
I thought you were going to talk to Sheldon.
Wow. That’s like the worst country song ever. So, how are you doing?
Well, breakups, or whatever the hell this is, can be tough.
Well, I’d ask you guys if you want dessert, but I know Sheldon doesn’t eat dessert on Tuesdays. And even if Raj wanted something, he couldn’t tell me. Howard won’t order anything, but he will come up with some sort of skeevy comment involving the words pie or cheesecake. And Leonard’s lactose intolerant, so he can’t eat anything here without his intestines blowing up like a balloon animal.
Oh, Howard, heads up. Your ex-girlfriend just came in for her shift.
Not since I found out the teddy bear you gave me had a webcam in it.
Yeah, sure. Just yesterday, she asked, why is Howard hiding under the table?
Oh, no, not at first. Right after I pointed it out.
Uh, not that I know of. Hey, while we’re on the subject, why did you guys break up anyway?
Howard, if you want my help, I’ve got to know what happened.
Oh, God. I think I see where this is going.
Really? And that didn’t make her feel better?
Oh, gee, Howard, I really don’t want to get in the middle of this.
Okay, fine. Look, look, I’m calling her now! See?
Hey, how are we doing over here? Can I get you something to drink?
That’s what I told him when he asked me. I hope that’s not out of line.
You know, you look thirsty. I brought you some iced tea.
Oh, sorry. Yeah, you’re right. Doy. So, Howard, trolls, yay or nay?
Complimentary nachos! You enjoy. Never had sex? Wow.
Hey, this is a little awkward, but my manager says I can’t actually give nachos away. So, just take that when you’re ready.
You know, they have a really nice bar over at the Olive Garden.
Great. (Drinks the tequila) Now, where were we?
Oh, yeah, you know, every bartender makes it differently. Why don’t you give it a try.
Oh, right, that. Yes, Leonard told me. Sorry, honey.
You know, sometimes stuff just happens, and there’s nothing you can do about it. For example, Lisa Peterson hasn’t talked to me since the 11th grade, because no matter how much you apologize, you can’t go back and un-dry-hump someone’s boyfriend.
Okay, help me out here. How does an archaeology professor get that good with a whip?
And I can’t believe you’ve never read Eat, Pray, Love.
You know, I could totally rock a hat like that.
Well, I’m watching it now. Why would I want to see it again on Friday?
What, 21 seconds? That’ll be like seeing a whole new movie!
Yeah, I think I’ll pass. But you guys enjoy your extra 21 seconds.
Oh. Um, it was, it was just going to be me and Bernadette. Besides, I thought you were going to the movies with Sheldon and the guys.
You know Amy, when we say girl talk, it doesn’t just have to be about our lady parts.
Oh, thanks. I found this place in Alhambra. It’s in a woman’s basement. I think it’s a front
So where should we go tonight? A bar? A club? A movie?
All right, time to open Bachelor Number Two.
That’s okay. Y ou can just sleep here.
Oh, gosh, Amy. I don’t know if I would call this an actual slumber party.
Okay. Well, I guess we’re having a slumber party. Oh!
Okay, there you go, Sultry Sunrise Red. What do you think?
And that, girls, is how you make a phony phone call.
Wait. No, Amy, you’re supposed to ask her something personal or embarrassing.
Okay, look, just because we’re not seeing each other anymore doesn’t mean we can’t be friends. I mean, Leonard’s a great guy.
I don’t know. He got really serious, and I wasn’t ready for it.
You know what, I don’t want to play anymore.
Oh, hey, Amy. Look, I’m sorry I got so upset. I just,whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,whoa! What are you doing?
Oh, hey, Leonard. I see you met my dad.
Oh, gee, dad, Leonard can’t stay. He just dropped by to say hello. Thanks for stopping by, sweetie. I’ll see you later. (Kisses him passionately) Bye.
So you’re probably wondering what that was all about.
Yeah, okay. The thing is, I kind of told my father we got back together again.
Well, you’re the first guy he’s ever really approved of, you know? You’re a scientist who went to college and you don’t have a neck tattoo or outstanding warrants or, or a baby.
Just guys. Anyway, when I told him we split up, he was heartbroken, and he kept bugging me, how’s Leonard? why can’t you get back together with Leonard? I bet Leonard never tipped a cow over on himself. So to get him off my back, I told him we worked things out.
Get over yourself. I whistled, you came running.
Oh, okay, whatever. Will you please just play along until my dad leaves?
Come on, honey, not in front of my dad.
Oh, dad, that’s nice, but Leonard has to work. Right, Leonard?
Yeah, that’s great. It’s a funny story. Moving on.
Curtis, and I’m pretty sure he was joking.
Yeah, okay, I think this ends the ex-boyfriend portion of our evening.
Oh, gee, dad, he’d love to, but Leonard has to work in the morning.
No, no, no, you can’t. Your career is far too important.
Shut up. You know what I’ve been doing for the last hour?
Listening to my father go on and on about what a great guy you are.
Okay, Sheldon, you don’t have to do this because Leonard and I are not…
No, you’re right. No, there’s, there’s no plots, no trucks, no feet. So what other annoying habits shall we discuss?
You’re right. Look, from now on, I will tell you the truth.
Coming. Yup, that’s good. Wine glasses should have handles.
Oh, my God, I screwed up everything. I hurt Leonard, I hurt Raj, I mean, what is wrong with me? I feel like two totally different people, Dr. Jekyll and Mrs. Whore.
I’m… I’m sorry. What does this have to do with me?
You know, I’ve done this before. In kindergarten, I was supposed to marry Jason Sorensen at recess, but by the time my class got out there, he was already engaged to Chelsea Himmelfarb. So what did I do? Hung upside down from the monkey bars, let all the boys see my underpants.
You know what? Let’s get out of here.
Somewhere where no one’s seen me naked. We may have to drive awhile. (Opens door. Sees Leonard and Sheldon. Slams it shut again.)
Can I stay at your place for a few nights?
You know, I don’t even know what the point of me staying in L.A. is. I haven’t gotten a single acting job since I moved out here. The closest I came was last month, I got a callback for a hemorrhoid commercial.
I know, right? Maybe I should just move back to Nebraska.
Why not? (There is a knock on the door)
Oh. Gee, that’s really sweet, but the thing is…
Look, honey, I was really drunk and made a huge mistake last night. We should’ve never slept together. It’s what ruins friendships.
Come here. Just listen to me. I want to go back to the way we were before. You know, friends. No sprinkles.
Oh, God. Did you pull some weird Indian crap on me?
Okay. Raj, wait. Thank you for being my friend. (She hugs him.)
Okay. Um. Well, I already talked to Raj, but I wanted to apologize to the rest of you for, you know, everything.
Anyways, I wanted you guys all to know that I’ve been taking a really hard look at things and come to the conclusion I have to stop kidding myself. I suck at acting. It’s time for me to move back to Nebraska.
I don’t know, maybe teach acting. (Phone rings) Oh, sorry. Hold on. Hello?
Shh! It’s my agent, it’s my agent. You’re kidding. Oh, my gosh. I can’t believe it! Really? Oh, I’m so excited, thank you, thank you so much. Okay, bye. I got the haemorrhoid commercial! I start Monday.
Oh, hell with Nebraska. I’m gonna be a star!
Okay, don’t judge me. So, what do you want to do, go to the movies, go dancing, lay down for a little bit?
Hey, you know, my mom smoked pot when she was pregnant with me, and I turned out just fine. Hey, look, I have peach schnapps. Thank God.
Amy, little vixen. Just working it under all those layers of wool and polyester.
Oh, she doesn’t have a boyfriend, she has a Sheldon. So do you like Stuart?
Okay, look, sweetie, we all love Sheldon, but you’ve been with him over a year now. If it’s not going anywhere, what does it hurt to look around?
Yeah, for what it’s worth, engaged people can look around, too. Lot of options out there.
God, are you trying to make Amy jealous?
Okay, listen to me. Playing games is not gonna help get Amy back.
All right, honey, let me tell you a story. There was a guy I liked, and I never told him how I felt. Eventually, he started going out with someone else, and I always regretted it. Do you see where I’m going with this?
Look, Sheldon, all I’m saying is strap on a pair and go talk to Amy.
Oh, sweetie, you are so not the guy.
Okay. If you can’t get me to stop eating your food, what makes you think you can get me to stop using your Wi-Fi?
What are you gonna do about your bully? Are you gonna see him?
All right, well, what do you think he wants?
Hmm. That’s too bad. We could have spent New Year’s Eve waiting for the ball to drop.
‘Cause when I wear it, it’s a shirt. So, what’s Howard doing tonight?
Oh, terrific. High school quarterback against four mathletes.
Hmm, he’s not crazy about needles, but if you get him to go jogging, it’ll just pour out of his nose.
Oh. I don’t know. I guess my school was a nice place. We didn’t really have bullies.
No, we weren’t really like that. I mean, look, we played pranks on each other, but it was never mean. Like, okay, this one girl, Kathy Geiger, got really good grades, so we blindfolded her, tied her up and left her in a cornfield overnight.
Uh, probably. It’s hard to say. She kind of had an ear of corn in her mouth.
Anyway, I’m really sorry I made fun of your stutter in high school.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Oh, God, just finish the sentence. Okay, well, I’m sorry you feel that way. Bye. No one wants to hear my apologies.
That’s easy for you to say. You weren’t just called a b-b-b-b-bitch.
Ooh, I can’t do that. If I stand over a steaming pot, my hair just goes boing! What else could I do?
Okay, come on, I don’t even have my own house, I’m going to build one for someone else?
Oh, my God, that’s perfect. ‘Cause I have so many clothes I don’t wear, and they’re just taking up space, and I go shopping to buy more stuff and I have no place to put it. This will totally fix that.
Ah, I feel just like Mother Teresa. Except for the virgin part. That ship sailed a long time ago.
Yeah, well, I bet her laundry room wasn’t down five flights of stairs. You know, giving really is better than receiving. I used to think it was such a cliche, but it seems to be the… oh, look at these cute jeans someone just threw away.
Yes, to a poor waitress who loves a boot cut.
Come on, they would be so cute on me, and, ah, they go great with this sweater!
Then sit in the car and keep it running.
Come on, yoga top. Mama needs a new yoga top.
You know, this is wrong. Let’s put everything back. Here.
Ooh, look who’s out on a date. Pasadena’s favourite power couple, Shamy.
Okay, Amy just told you some exciting news, and you acted like it was no big deal.
Honey, she’s upset. You’re her boyfriend. You have to at least try to be excited by the things she’s excited by.
Oh, my God, now I know what I sound like to you when I say stupid stuff.
Okay, I don’t think Amy wants a pocket watch.
Still saying stupid stuff. Ooh, does she like bracelets?
(Snorts) Trust me, we are not a couple.
He’s in trouble with his girlfriend and needs to buy her a present.
Eight o’clock. (Sheldon checks pocket watch) Sheldon, that pocket watch is ridiculous.
I said, hey, want to come over and hang out?
Just a sec. (Emerges in revealing slinky green dress) Too much?
Absolutely not. Look, we’re just gonna have dinner and, you know, see how it goes.
Screw it. I’m not gonna make a big deal out of this. It’s just dinner.
Amy, stop it. Oh, God, I’m so nervous.
I know, but we’ve finally gotten to a place where we can hang out without it being weird. And what if something goes wrong? Then what?
Oh, that’s a good question. How about awkward?
Okay, uh, let’s see. I’m from Nebraska, and ever since I was a little girl, I dreamed of moving to L.A. and becoming a movie star. Anyway, after four years of acting lessons and waiting tables, I’ve done a haemorrhoid commercial and a production of Anne Frank above a bowling alley. So, you know, dreams do come true. Your turn.
Bat-signal? What are you, some kind of nerd?
Leonard, this is nice. I’m so glad we did this.
Leonard, you know I will always have feelings for you.
See, this is where everything goes wrong, when we talk.
Hey, I went out with this guy TJ for eight months, we never talked. To this day, I don’t even know what TJ stands for.
Do not overthink this. (Kisses him, then leads him to her apartment.)
So what do you want to do now?
Okay, it’s just, at the restaurant when you said you wanted us to be together again, it got very real very fast and I panicked.
Well, what if we do go out and I do something stupid and dump you again?
So we don’t tell people we’re back together?
Okay, great. Hey, I just remembered. I still got one of your inhalers.
Yeah, I was gonna throw it away, but I just couldn’t.
Here you go, guys, let me get you going with some water. You need menus or you know what you want?
No, that’s okay, Bernadette. Sometimes these things just don’t work out.
Wow, you’re like a dog with a bone, aren’t you?
Is the point that you don’t know when to let something go?
Yeah, just hang on, Sheldon. You know why we can’t be together? Because you always have to be right.
You know what? I just realized I’m on a break. I’ll get someone else.
Mind explaining to me why you were being such a jerk at the restaurant?
No, the plan was to tell people we decided to stay friends. That’s a little hard to do when you’re always being such a tool bag.
Sorry, just remembered I’ve got to stop by the drugstore.
That was a really nice dinner. I’m glad you asked me out again.
You see me all the time. You sure you just don’t miss the sex?
I have. You are not wrong. I just think if we’re gonna try dating again, we should take things slow.
You know, just for fun, let’s say I’m not.
Seriously, do I not get credit for knowing beta test?
Uh, we’re not counting this as a date, are we?
Bug report: When a guy asks me to spend time with him, maybe he plans something a little more interesting than hanging out at home, watching TV.
Well, that’s quite a list you got there.
Yeah, hang on. Let me just finish this chapter.
No, I can’t. Reading books is a big part of my life now because, you know, we’d have more fun things to talk about if I read more.
All right. Terrific. Well, let me just go find a pair of shoes that aren’t so tall. We wouldn’t want you to feel like you were out for a walk with your mommy.
Yeah. Oh. Here’s my list for you, right there.
This is amazing. How did you even get this idea?
Okay, bug report. I just complimented you. You should take it and shut up.
All right, let’s shoot stuff. You want me to show you what to do?
Wow. You are cute when you get all gangsta. (Kisses him. Leonard accidentally shoots himself in the foot.)
No, you’ve got a Reebok with a gunshot wound and an ouchie on your pinkie toe.
Well, thank you for a really cool evening.
Sheldon, that’s not what girlfriends are for. Although, you don’t use them for what they’re for, so what do I know?
Because last month, I sent the electric company a Starbucks gift card, an apology note, and a few snapshots of me in a bra.
You know, I got some candles in my apartment.
I’ve got wine at my place and some bubble wrap we could pop.
You know, in Girl Scouts, Tammie Dinisha said you could do that with panty hose. Boy, was she wrong. Anyway, you want to make out?
Okay. Do you want to make out slow?
Ugh. Well, lucky for you, there’s nothing else to do right now.
Hey, guys, the building manager said the reason the power went out is someone went down into the basement and just pulled the main breaker switch.
I’m so glad you talked Howard out of having your wedding invitations in Klingon.
You know, I’m a big believer in breaking bad news to a guy when you’re in bed with him. That’s how I told my high school boyfriend I slept with his brother. That’s how I told his brother the same thing.
Yeah, I didn’t have any quarters, so I’ve been sneaking stuff into other people’s loads all day. Hey, if I tell you something, will you promise not to tell anybody?
What? That is not true. Bernadette wants a pre-nup.
So you’re saying if I became a famous movie star, we got married, you wouldn’t sign a pre-nup?
I think about a lot of things. I think about us getting married, I think about us breaking up. Once in a while, I think about how I didn’t leave a note on that Mercedes I dinged in the parking lot last month, but then I have a glass of wine and it passes.
Well, tell you one thing, if I ever do get married, no Klingon invitations.
No and no. Everything okay with you and Bernadette?
You know those girls text me every detail of their lives as it happens.
All right, Howard Wolowitz, listen up. You sign anything she puts in front of you, because you are the luckiest man alive. If you let her go, there is no way you can find anyone else. Speaking on behalf of all women, it is not gonna happen, we had a meeting. And you, a grown man fainting at the sight of a little blood.
A little something? Oh, it… what, this is huge.
Okay. (Opens parcel to find a huge and not at all flattering painting of Penny and Amy)
Wow. I-I don’t know what to s… Wow.
Oh, my God. Hang it. Wow. Um, you know, I’d have to go get a hook and nails and a hammer and…
Oh, look. You, huh, you just, you got it all right there. Wow.
Is there any chance I’ll learn to love it?
How about I tell her the painting makes you feel jealous because you’re not in it?
Well, I guess I could take it down and put it up when she comes over, but it’s kind of heavy.
Ah, okay. Let us take you off the wall. Out of sight, out of mind. I wish.
Sure, sure. Enjoy. I mean, get it back to me when you can, or, you know what, actually, you keep it. It’s just going to be my gift to you. Bye.
No. No, no. It’s just, it’s a little big.
No, come on, you’re not an idiot. Look, just help me put it back up.
You’re right. You’re absolutely right. I should have been honest with you and told you the gift was too much.
I don’t think you can put a number on how much one person likes another.
Three gr… Oh, my God! Look, look, Amy, all you need to know is, you are my friend and I don’t want to lose you out of my life.
Okay, look, I didn’t want to say this, but the real reason I took the painting down was because it made Bernadette very jealous.
You know, Sheldon, I used to cut my brother’s hair. I could do it for you.
So, if I move my horsey here, isn’t that checkmate and I win?
Well, no, I mean, your king is trapped. He can’t go here because of my lighthouse, and he can’t go here because of my pointy-head guy.
You know, Sh-Sheldon, sometimes it’s nice not knowing what’s coming. I mean, look at me and Leonard. We went out, we broke up, now we’re trying again. We don’t know what’s gonna happen.
If I were you, I’d be worried that a girl who’s never played chess in her life just kicked your ass.
Oh, Leonard, it’s three o’clock in the morning. I don’t care if Richard Feynman was a purple leprechaun who lived in my butt.
All right, Sheldon, this craziness has gone on long enough. Please come home so I can cut your hair.
All right, honey, look, we’ve known each other for a long time now, right? I’ve taken you to Disneyland, I kicked a bully in the nuts for you, I sing you Soft Kitty when you’re sick, you’ve even saw me naked once.
It was a long story. Anyway, Sheldon, I promise I know what I’m doing. Please let me cut your hair.
Well, sorry, I don’t know any dirty jokes.
Ha, told you. Okay, I’m just gonna clean up your neck a little and then you are good to go.
Okay. (Sheldon laughs and jerks, Penny accidentally shaves a strip up the back of his head) Okay, yep, we’re all done now. It’s just, it’s good. Let me just take that away from you. Okay.
You are welcome. Yeah, I’m gonna have to move.
You don’t have to check with me. Do whatever you want.
Whu… the entire weekend? You mean I wouldn’t see you at all? But I ju… No, no, I knew what I was getting into. You can’t put a saddle on Leonard Hofstadter. Oh, my, is it getting hot in here? Ay, papi.
Sorry, Stallion. Your weird friend Giraffe is here.
All right, sweetie, I’m not going to get involved in your relationship.
Yesterday. You made me look in your ear to see if there was a ladybug in it.
Yesterday. You made me look in your ear to see if there was a ladybug in it.
Well, I know he didn’t cheat on you, so what happened?
I would have thought at a miniature horse show.
Sure, I get that. I mean, he’s your first boyfriend and all.
Mm. You know, Amy, sometimes when you’re in a relationship with someone you really care about, the sucky part is, it leaves you open to getting hurt.
Oh, come on. They’re playing one across the hall, we should, too. Okay, we are gonna take turns bouncing a quarter off the table, and if it goes into this cup, the other person has to drink. Then you get to go again…
Wow. Yeah, b-beginner’s luck. So, now I will drink this entire cup of beer, and you will go again and we can… uh… all right. So, yeah, okay, now I’m gonna drink this entire cup and then I’m going to drink another one… Okay, seriously, stop. What the hell?
Whoa, whoa, give me a second to catch up here. Hold on. (Sound of cheering)
Star Wars. They get all cranky when you mix the two up.
All right. Let me give you a little girlfriend 101. Usually the first move out of the gate is you withhold sex, but that will work better after Sheldon hits puberty. So, I’d say give him the silent treatment.
All right, then we’re gonna have to go with an oldie but goodie, making a scene.
That’s why you’re lucky to have me. Back in Omaha, there are two different restaurants I’m not allowed into. Both Chili’s.
Yeah, you pick that bone. You pick that bone clean!
Sheldon, she wanted to show you off to her family, and you stood her up, okay? Look at this adorable, smushy face. Smush, smush, smush, smush.
And that’s how a girl makes a scene. I’m sorry, sweetie. You’re right. You deserve your weekend. Come on, Amy, let’s go.
I’ll let you hold my hair while I throw up.
Oh, it’s no problem. It’s actually kind of nice. You reading, me reading. We’re like an old married couple.
Oh, all right, well, I’m glad you like it. I mean, I still can’t get over the fact someone just threw it away.
Yeah, it was just sitting on the street. I paid a homeless guy ten bucks to help me get it up here.
I went into this marriage with so much hope.
Okay, relax. I took off the slipcovers, had them dry-cleaned and then fumigated the cushions.
Yeah. It’s cleaner than my couch. Found half a Hot Pocket in there.
Why don’t you give it a try, Sheldon?
Pretty cool, huh? Probably would cost, like, two hundred bucks in a store.
No, it’s completely fine. Hmm. I get it. Sheldon sent you. He put you up to this.
My God, Amy, that’s really crappy of you.
Yeah! Letting Sheldon use you to manipulate me? I thought you were my friend.
I can’t even believe this. You know, maybe you should just go.
Wait. Get up, get up! (She does. Something is moving in the seat cushion. They both run out of the apartment screaming.) Swear you won’t tell Sheldon what happened!
Okay, you’re right, I eat your food a lot. How about this, you can raid my fridge any time you want.
Well, I was thinking about Sheldon’s little joke the other night about me eating all your food.
Anyway, I got a little residual cheque from my commercial and I thought, hey, how about I get the guys a little thankyou to pay them back. So, Sheldon, ta-da!
Yeah, it was fun, I walked in and two different guys got asthma attacks. Felt pretty good.
Ooh, am I about to get a rare Sheldon Cooper hug?
You’re welcome. Don’t worry, I didn’t forget about you. Leonard, I got you a label maker.
Mmm. And, I got you a transporter too!
Oh, that’s great. Let’s open it up and put him in there.
C’mon can’t we just open one up and take a…
Yeah, yeah, my mom gave me the same lecture about my virginity. Gotta tell you, it was a lot more fun taking it out and playing with it.
I cannot believe you guys aren’t going to play with these.
I dunno. I just think it’s a waste. (Picks up box. Sheldon screams.) Relax. I’m just looking at the box.
Leonard, I bought you this because I wanted you to have fun with it. I don’t want it to just sit in this box.
I didn’t break it. I, I guess Stuart sold it to me like this.
You know, I paid a lot for this. Let’s take it over there and show him.
It’s not Saturday night. Why are you doing your laundry?
Wow, are these Amy’s? Kind of trashy, good for her.
Ugh. Why are you washing Howard’s man panties?
Yeah, yeah, I know, he’s the wheelchair dude who invented time.
I don’t understand, why doesn’t Howard just introduce you to the guy?
I know what it means. And yes, you love correcting people and putting them down.
Come on, you do it to feel superior. I see that twinkle in your eye when someone says who instead of whom or thinks the moon is a planet.
What do you want me to tell you, Sheldon?
Fine, Howard is being mean to you for no reason.
So, I hear you and the lost boys are having a bachelor party tonight.
Oh, come on Leonard, it’s you. What’s going to happen? I mean, even if there was a stripper, all you’d do is avoid eye-contact and maybe offer to help her kid with his homework.
Really? What is the craziest thing you’ve ever done with a woman? And the time you and I had sex in the ocean does not count.
I don’t care. Ask her things like are you going to take Howard’s name? Not who’s going to sit on who?
Nice. You know, you should totally get BernadetteMaryAnnRostenkowskiWolowitz.com before someone snaps it up.
Amy, remember when we went over things that would be helpful and things that wouldn’t?
Well, if that’s what you like, I’ll take you to the comic book store, the place is full of ’em.
Well, I was gonna, but I didn’t think it would go past the first date. Then, when it did, I thought for sure it wouldn’t go past you meeting his mother. Definitely not past the two of you sleeping together. I mean, the warning signs were there, this is really on you.
Please come out, Bernadette. Let’s talk through this.
Well, I don’t think she wants to talk to anyone right now.
Oh, my God, Howard. That’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever heard. And it came out of you.
If you want to do something, you can help me fold this sheet.
For the record, not your worst opening line.
B-Before I do it, if you’re a cop you have tell me, right?
Okay. (In weirdly low voice) What’s it supposed to… Oh, my God, this is so freaky!
Okay. Me, me, me. Ready? (Low voice) Leonard, I am your father.
Oh, Mm. Hey, you know how we’ve been taking things slow?
Well, I’ve been thinking, and maybe I’m ready to take things a little faster.
You know, just-just one thing. Look, we’re in a really great place right now, and I don’t want to do anything that will make stuff all weird again.
Okay. Oh, and just a heads-up, mm, since the last time you saw me naked, I got a Cookie Monster tattoo. The acceptable responses when you see it are awesome or nothing.
Who says something like that right in the middle of sex?
Okay, well, they sure as hell don’t say that.
No, the heat of the moment is, ooh, yeah, just like that, not will you marry me?
Why, so you can crawl under the covers and go, hey, baby, want to go look for houses in neighbourhoods with good schools?
You can’t take something like that back. I mean, what are we even supposed to do now?
Hey, I know tons of people who got married in Vegas.
Yeah, I mean, not to the same people but…
Well, that’s easy. Anyone can go online and get ordained as a minister. I know a piercing parlour where, for a hundred bucks they’ll marry you and stick a wedding ring through any body part you want.
Okay, I’ll, I’ll go. Howard and Bernadette, I know you two planned on getting married in a big fancy wedding, but when you’re in love, it doesn’t matter where or how these things happen. It just matters that you have each other.
I can’t believe it. This whole time, a small part of me thought he was lying.
All right, I got to go to work. I’ll walk down with you.
You’re a brain scientist. Can you explain to me why a brilliant man likes playing with toy trains?
Oh, sweetie, guests don’t normally wear corsages to a wedding. That’s more of a prom thing.
Come in, let’s talk. Do you want a glass of wine?
Oh, God, did he make a move on you?
So, um, what are you gonna do? Do you want me to talk to Leonard, let him down easy?
Oh, the poor guy’s so lonely. We should set him up with someone.
Okay, so future grief-stricken widow is the one to beat.
Um, Howard, can I see you for a minute, please?
Uh, no, that’s not it. Just come with me, please.
Um, Raj, there’s someone I want you to meet. This is my friend Emily. I know her from my spin class. Raj, relax. She can’t hear you. She’s deaf.
Oh! Look at you guys just hitting it off. I am so good.
Oh, of course not. She wouldn’t do something like that. She’s deaf.
Handicapped people are nice, Leonard. Everyone knows that.
Okay, so he’s got money, and it’s a few gifts and a car.
What? He paid off her credit cards? Damn it, I could’ve dated Raj for a couple months. But I, I wouldn’t have, because I’m not that kind of girl. We should really talk to Raj.
No. I’m the one that introduced him to her. I’ve got to say something.
I can’t believe you’re engaged to my friend. Oh, here she comes.
Um, can we talk to you about Raj?
Okay, um, gosh, how do I start? Um, see, Raj is kind of naive. I mean, he hasn’t dated a whole lot of women. And I’m concerned that, without meaning to, you might be taking advantage of him. You know, by letting him buy you a bunch of expensive things.And I.. I… Howard, focus. Tell her what I’m saying.
We didn’t mean for it to be an ambush. Just, it’s kind of impossible not to sneak up on deaf people. And hey, since when are you so chatty?
Raj, come here. This girl is trouble. I mean, what kind of relationship is it where you buy her gifts and she gives you sex?
Okay, come on. You know you can do better.
He is cuter now that I know he’s rich.
Oh, I’m so sorry. I wish I could make you feel better.
Here you go, boys. I’ll pick it up when you’re ready.
Oh, and don’t cheap out on the tip. We all know you’re loaded now.
No, no, no, no, I didn’t forget. Um, there’s this cat in a box and until you open it, it’s either dead or alive or both. Although, back in Nebraska, our cat got stuck in my brother’s camp trunk, and we did not need to open it to know there was all kinds of dead cat in there.
Oh, say no, say no, say no, say no.
No, I was there that day. Sheldon threw his back out handing him that book.
Okay, why don’t you just tell him you made a mistake?
Well, that, that’s good. I’m glad you came to that. But before you do, let me just ask you a big picture question.
Are you a hundred percent positive you love and want to marry Howard Wolowitz?
Sheldon, you didn’t tell me your mom was coming.
Oh, fine. You know, it’s been a while. I’m getting back out there.
Well, it’s super cute on. That top has paid for itself in free drinks like ten times what it cost.
Oh, they don’t always get to ride the roller coaster. Sometimes they only get to spin the teacups. Now I’m going out tonight. Would it be crazy to ask you to look at the outfit I’m going to wear?
This is like the worst Hollywood tour ever.
Okay, um, hey, God. What’s up? Um, I’m good, but, uh, it would be a big help to my family if you could get my brother to stop cooking meth. But no cops. Be cool.
Oh. Yeah. That’s gone. It’s a rough month when Halloween and PMS hit at the same time.
Okay, well, I’d offer you Halloween candy, but that’s gone. So, what’s up?
Oh, my God, that’s where I know you from.
Okay, good, because there’s this one guy I used to date who’s about to be force-fed wine and cheese if he doesn’t get to the point.
Oh, look at you, you bad boy. Did you tell her about Priya?
So sleep with the new girl and lie to Priya.
All right, then break it off with the new girl.
If you like this girl so much, why don’t you just end things with Priya?
Leonard, you’re looking for a way to sleep with both women and have everybody be happy about it.
So, Bernadette, how goes the hunt for bridesmaid dresses?
All right, who wants to go to my apartment and look at bridal magazines?
Okay, look, this is her first time being a bridesmaid and she’s just getting a little crazy with it.
Yeah, and she keeps trying to figure out if our cycles have synced up so we can call ourselves the Three Menstra-teers
I know. Me, too. We’ll talk to her. Hey, wait, how did she find out?
Well, look, we just wanted to apologize for not bringing you with us the other day.
Look, come on, Amy, look, let us make it up to you. We’ll have a girl’s night, we’ll do whatever you want.
No, you made that for you, I want you to have it.
We are really sorry, and we were trying to think of some way to show you how much we care about you.
Oh, Amy! Get the hell out of here!
Yeah. I’ve got eight pounds of salmon that’s about to go bad. Do you know how to cook it?
Damn it. Should have liberated the iffy chicken. What are you and Professor Fussyface up to tonight?
Haven’t you seen that movie, like, a thousand times?
Well, I’m going to take myself out to a movie tonight. You want to go?
Oh, it’s not a date, Leonard. It’s just a man and a woman hanging out, and not having sex at the end of the night.
Really? On top of everything else, you’re afraid of birds?
Great. I’ll see you later. And remember, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him.
Oh, hey, if we hurry, we can make the new Jennifer Aniston movie.
Okay, but the Jennifer Aniston movie has Jennifer Aniston, and she’s not building a dam.
But come on, that is a great movie, and it starts in ten minutes.
Okay, so while we were going out, how often would you pretend to like things just to have sex with me?
Okay, we were going out. You were going to get sex anyway.
No, I was thinking how come they get to leave and I can’t.
I just eat the little crispy ones you don’t like.
All right, I’d like an order of fries.
Oh, no, no. This isn’t a date, no. Right?
So have you written anything I might have seen?
No, I’m talking to him because he’s cute.
Yes, he is. With his dorky T-shirt and his little hipster glasses.
Yes, but when you’re tall and have great cheekbones, you’re doing it ironically.
Good! Go! There are some girls right over there. What are you waiting for?
Oh, no, no. We said we were going to hang out, let’s hang out.
No, no. I want to know what you told her.
Oh. Okay, I see. So while he was telling you things, did he mention he owns not one, but two Star Trek uniforms?
Okay. Then I’ll return the favour, and I won’t tell…
Laura that half the dirty movies you own are animated.
Did you tell her about your lucky asthma inhaler?
Okay, I’m not innocent in all this, but you basically called me stupid, you asthmatic dumbass.
I don’t know. Up until the last part, I was kind of enjoying take-charge Leonard with a little backbone. Picking the movie, knowing what he wants, a little cocky.
Hey, this is my natural hair colour. Now. So, does Sheldon have anything special planned for you tomorrow night?
Just a couple of minutes. You’ve really never done this before?
Oh, my gosh, that’s awful. The other kids make fun of you?
Uh, I don’t know, it’s still kind of weird. We haven’t really recovered since he proposed to me in the middle of sex.
Gosh, I worked my ass off today. This is exactly what I needed.
Oh, come on. I just told you I had a hard day.
Sweetie, can I just be the girl tonight?
Okay, right there, ew is one of the things you’re not gonna want to say in front of your father-in-law. It’s right up there with icky and get it away. Now pick one up.
You’re gonna have to do it when you’re fishing.
Just pick up a worm and put him on this hook.
Hey, don’t name him. Just jab a hook in his face.
That’s great. Cheerleading, way to man things up.
Now, let’s assume, by some miracle, you actually catch a fish. You’re going to have to know how to gut it. So, what you’re going to do is you’re going to take your knife, slice him right up the belly. (Howard gags) You want me to stop?
All right. Now, you don’t want to cut too deep into its guts, or the blood will just squirt all over your face. (Howard, Leonard and Raj gag) Oh, my God. What is with you guys?
Great. Here you go. What you’re going to do is you’re going to stick your thumb down its throat, grab the guts and pull.
Oh, look, it’s a female. You can see all the eggs. (All the guys gag)
Okay, now holding sides of hearth in position, lower mantelpiece assembly onto top tabs.
Of course you did. Your hands are softer than veal.
Really? That’s how you’re gonna spend your Saturday night?
Oh, you poor thing. Is having a real-life girlfriend who has sex with you getting in the way of your board games?
Wow, you should come to girls’ night more often. And not just because if you weren’t here, this would be a can of Pabst.
Okay, wait, are we talking one-night stand or do we want to get him into a relationship?
Raj, you’re a great guy, you’re in a bar full of single women, let us help you.
Of course he is. Look, that girl just got dumped by her boyfriend. She’s angry, she’s drunk, and her favorite movie is Slumdog Millionaire. I mean.
Oh, come on, Raj, not even a little bit?
Wait, what the hell’s going on with Leonard and Alex?
Hmm. Well, I’m glad you’re having such a great day.
Oh, I just didn’t know if you meant me or Alex.
Because I know she hit on you and I know you liked it.
I don’t care about Alex. Fine, I care. Okay, I hate that bitch. But what really hurt is that you liked it so much. I mean, do I need to be worried?
Because, she is pretty and smart, and when you talk about work, she doesn’t have to go home and look up words in the dictionary to understand what you said.
Keep talking about Captain Kirk, and we’re all gonna stop.
So, hey, I was thinking about that stuff with Alex.
I can’t help it. But, look, I figured I could sit around and feel insecure, or I could do something about it. So I got a course catalogue at school and looked at some of the science classes.
No, it isn’t, they are extremely boring. I mean, how do you not kill yourself, like, every day? Anyway, I decided I don’t need to be a scientist, I could just look like one. So I bought these.
Hi. Here are the make-up sponges you asked for.
Damn, you’ve got more makeup than I do. You’ve got better makeup than I do. Yeah, I’m borrowing this.
I feel like you guys just went to Comic-Con.
All right. Well, you guys have fun. I guess I’ll see you Sunday night.
Oh, this is the best. You have booze with breakfast on a Tuesday, you got a problem. You do it on the weekend, you got brunch.
I know. The four of them work at a major university. They’re all super smart. How can they still be into something made for 12-year-olds?
Mmmm. Now I feel bad for picking on all those kids. Although, in my defence, if Danny Biffle didn’t want to eat a mouthful of dirt, he shouldn’t have shown up to school wearing a bow tie.
That is an amazing idea. Okay, how many of these have I had?
No, we were just wondering why the guys like this stuff so much, so we thought we’d give it a try.
As evidenced by your boyfriend and his fear of hamsters.
Hmm, okay, I’m done. How did you guys finish so fast?
I don’t know how Leonard can get so caught up in this.
I know. A hammer so heavy that no one else can pick it up?
Okay, hang on, what if Thor’s hand is on the hammer? I mean, if he’s touching it with his god magic, does that mean I could lift it?
If Harry Potter’s wand can make decisions, why can’t Thor’s hammer?
Oh, yeah? Then how does the sun come up every day?
Oh, great. Yes. And then you will see, I am not wrong, because if we were in outer space, then anyone could pick up the hammer because it would be floating around in a weightless environment. Yeah, that’s right, the slow reader used science. Suck on that.
Okay, hang on. If I go to a bar and pick up a guy, and he picks up a girl, and then we all leave together, did I pick up the girl?
Hey, are we talking about me or are we talking about Thor?
Yeah, if that’s your idea of what’s cool, you should get one.
Honey, if you want one, just get one.
I hate it when you make me sit through all the credits.
Yeah, but I don’t think that’s going to happen in a documentary about the Holocaust.
Well, wait, if he’s unhappy,shouldn’t we talk to him?
All right, I don’t understand. Why didn’t you just tell Kripke the truth?
That is what I write on the bathroom walls. For a whimsically inventive time, call Leonard Hofstadter.
Yeah. Sheldon, can I ask you a question?
Maybe you don’t, I do. What’s the deal?
All right, come on, be serious. Look, you guys have been going out a long time. She would clearly like to have a physical relationship with you, so what are you doing?
Okay. Hang on. Are you saying someday you and Amy might actually get physical?
Yeah, but you two make such a cute couple. Like Burt and Ernie. You guys even teach me stuff about words and numbers.
No, not at all. No, it’s, it’s great. It’s terrific. I, you know, I just can’t help feel bad about Sheldon. I mean, how’s he going to get by without you? Ernie.
Yeah, he does, but it’s not the same.
Um, well, um, all right. You, you know how in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Ron didn’t abandon Harry just because Harry started dating Ron’s sister?
Sorry. Spoiler alert. My point is, as much as I want to live with you, I can’t do it knowing how much Sheldon needs you.
Well, you know what they say, if it ain’t broke.
No. No, no, I do. I do. It’s just, I mean, it’s a really big step.
Yeah. Okay, all right, don’t freak out. You can make this work.
Oh, please let some of it be Xanax.
It’s like the happiness won’t ever leave the apartment.
Yes. That is a real thing. And it doesn’t mean you don’t care about each other, it just means things are moving at a pace you’re not comfortable with, and that’s fine.
Well, maybe he doesn’t know how to say it without hurting her feelings.
Okay. Listen, the truth is I don’t want him living with me.
No, I don’t want to break his heart. I love him. This is just happening too fast.
Yeah, and I’ve seen those legs. You might want to get some Drano.
Well, you know how he is. He’s sensitive and emotional.
Well, I don’t know what else we can do but tell them the truth.
Yeah. And who knows how Amy will react.
Oh, don’t get all huffy. You’re the one who decided to move in without even asking me if I was ready.
And since you love the truth so much, why don’t you tell Amy you don’t want to live with her instead of blaming it on me?
Come on, Amy, let’s go drink wine and talk about what jerks our boyfriends are.
You’ll never believe what happened to me at work today.
This old guy was choking on his food, and I saved his life.
No. I said, oh, my God, I think that old guy’s choking, and then one of the busboys Heimlich’ed him.
Yeah, that was the point of the story.
No, I’m into it, I’m into it. Just, there’s so much pressure to make the night special, and it never works out.
You know, sometimes I think I’ve made you so much cooler than you used to be, and then you go and do that.
It’s just this guy I used to date.
Until he cheated on me with my friend Gretchen, who’s here with him now.
And it looks like she lost a lot of weight, damn it.
No, you’re totally right. She could be skinny ’cause she’s dying.
You know what, screw them. Our night is going to be way more special than theirs.
What? (Penny’s ex is proposing to Gretchen) Oh, you got to be kidding me.
Oh, I can’t believe he’s going to marry the girl he cheated on me with.
What, so I’m the wrong person? Maybe you want to be with Gretchen, too.
Yes, absolutely. Now they’re doing that phony link-arm-drink thingy. I totally taught him that.
We were; it’s just, it’s not fair, okay? They’re bad people. It’s not supposed to end happy for them, it’s supposed to end happy for me.
Oh, come on, don’t make this about you.
Yeah, well, whatever, okay? I told you, Valentine’s Day sucks.
I don’t know. Maybe ’cause things are going so well between us lately and I’ve been really happy.
As long as things keep going great between us, you’ll keep asking me to marry you, and eventually I’m gonna end up saying yes, and then we’re gonna be married forever, and the whole thing just freaks me out.
What, what do you mean? Are you breaking up with me?
Okay. You know what? This might be the wine talking, but I have a very important question to ask you.
Yeah, I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been at a party where everyone’s talking about flags and I just couldn’t join in.
Uh, I’m sorry, can we just pause for a minute?
I just think it might look more natural if you talked to me instead of the camera, you know, like, like a real conversation. It’s something we work on in my acting class.
Yeah, let’s try it again, and maybe, this time, you could work on your body language a bit. You know, when you’re all hunched like that, you’re shutting the audience out, but when you’re relaxed and open, you’re inviting them in.
Um, well, I’m from Nebraska. So what can you tell me about the state flag?
You need me to shut the door so you can do your knocking thing?
Hey, my acting class is putting on a play Friday night. I could put you and Amy on the guest list.
Hey, I don’t want you to go any more.
You should go ’cause you want to go, not because you have to.
Oh, for God’s sake, just come to the play.
I think you have a great capacity for devotion. You’ll be lonely when she passes on, won’t you? I understand what that is.
Are you kidding? You brought fancy wine and made fondue. I’ve slept with guys for less. It’s a joke. Based on real events.
Yeah, but you just have to remember, that ride is shorter than you think and they take a picture of you at the end, so make sure you got your clothes back on. It’s a joke. Based on real events.
So, blow off work, go on a weekday.
It’s more like how girls end up at a Best Western hotel with a 34-year-old guy named Luther.
Oh, yeah, right. Wait, what was your problem again?
I work at the Cheesecake Factory, I said bye.
You’re kidding, right? We’re not just gonna get drunk and go on rides?
Guess it would be fun to be Cinderella.
I can explain. I played hooky with the girls, then we all went to Disneyland and got… What are you doing?
Sheldon, aren’t you gonna spend a little time with Amy?
Really? You couldn’t just say that? You had to tell the scrotum story?
It was a nice change of pace not eating takeout around a coffee table.
Sure. Just, when you say dressed up, you mean nice clothes, right? Not, like, capes and tights and crap?
What if I ask Sheldon, you just happen to be in the room?
We heard you read the letter from Howard’s father.
Why do you even care? Just tell us what it says.
Come on. Look, the letter was found in Bernadette’s closet. Doesn’t that count for something?
We were all thinking it, really. It was kind of the elephant in the room, so…
Yeah. And I said if it wasn’t epistemic, we might as well not do it.
It was a letter explaining that your dad wasn’t who he said he was. Eventually, his other life caught up to him, and the only way to keep you and your mom safe was to leave.
Hey, it’s still early. Why don’t we go back and have that party?
Damn, I forgot to feed him. And that I had him.
One inappropriate, yet I wish I thought of that gravy boat.
No, he’d just take it the wrong way.
It means he is special and smart and nice and…
That’s the thing, I’m not. I’m not unhappy at all. It’s just, I don’t know, I, I’ve been in love before, but it felt different. But maybe this is a new, better, boring kind of love. Do you ever feel that way about Howard?
How did you even get in, you weirdo?
Okay, you listen to me. I think it’s really sweet you’re trying to protect your friend, but this is none of your business. Got it?
Okay, honey, I have a lot to figure out, and until I do, you are not to say a word to Leonard. Do you understand?
That is the last thing I want to do.
What the hell is wrong with you? You told Sheldon? Do you know what a terrible position this puts me in? (Phone beeps)
Look, there’s something I need to tell you.
I don’t really know how to say this.
I didn’t know what else to do. He had those big, sad eyes.
Look, it’s fine. We’re not getting married, okay? We’re keeping things, you know, homeostasis.
You can’t get fired even if you’re bad at it?
Wow, sounds a lot like being a pretty waitress at the Cheesecake Factory.
So, who do you have to schmooze to get this deal?
That’s great. That shows a lot of integrity.
Oh, not really. I was out shopping with Amy. She wanted me to help her find something for this memorial thing.
Well, since Amy’s going, do you want me there? You know, to support you?
Okay. I’m just gonna tie my shoe while you think about that.
I’m here to support my man, just like you.
Absolutely not. Help me out here, I can’t afford another demerit.
Well, hang on. Maybe the Chinese haven’t finished watching it yet.
Uh, Sheldon, there are two dumplings left. Do you want them?
Well, why don’t you make up your own ending?
I feel bad for whoever gets that phone call.
So you want me to stop calling your little tushy cute?
I’m sorry I called it cute. Let’s watch another one.
Yeah, it was fun. Kind of reminded me of my high school. But instead of vampires, we had meth heads. But both came out at night and had messed up teeth.
Oh. Well, that’s like my high school, too. But instead of a curse, it was crabs.
Okay, help me out here. Why does he love this show so much?
I don’t know. It’s just, he’s so passionate about so many different things. I just don’t get that way. Do you?
See? I wish I had some of that fire in my life. I mean, I want to care about things and get excited like you guys.
Ugh, that sounds like a lot of work.
So, I was thinking how excited you get about stuff like Buffy or science or which TV remote you and Sheldon should buy.
See, that’s the kind of passion I didn’t think I had. But then I realized I’m passionate about you.
No, I’m serious. Look, I’ve always had these plans. I was gonna be in movies and live this glamorous life, and anything less than that just wasn’t worth getting excited about.
Oh, obviously it’s gonna happen. Yeah, a psychic at a bachelorette party told me so. Anyway, what I meant was, I shouldn’t wait, you know? I’ve got you, I’ve got Sheldon, all these wonderful friends. My life is exciting right now.
Leonard, I had an epiphany, not a stroke.
Sheldon, you big weirdo, I want you to know that I love that you’re in my life.
Eh, his giant head did most of the work.
Aw, so cute when you use the word cool wrong. Like when kids say pasghetti.
Relax, Sheldon, he’s only a few minutes late.
So, do you do a lot of appearances like this?
Shut up. You can do that? I mean, wouldn’t that solve the world’s energy crisis?
But if you don’t mind me asking, uh, the potato clock, how does it work? Is it a trick clock or a trick potato?
Any chance we could plug it into the potato?
We’ll pack up your stuff and meet you at the hospital.
Ugh. Hey, Sheldon? Hi. This came for you today. It’s from your mom.
Oh, boy, a whole dollar. Now, I can quit my paper route. So, what’s in it?
Aw, how cute. Is this like a diary?
August 7, 8:42 a.m. This is humiliating. What was wrong with diapers?
Of course, it is, it’s been in the news. And it’s a very famous boson.
You really think there’s some kind of scientific discovery in here?
A proof that algebraic topology can never have a non self-contradictory set of abelion groups. I’m just a blonde monkey to you, aren’t I?
Okay, for the final touch, this is an eyelash curler. You just place it on your lashes and squeeze it closed.
Who I hope for her sake is not Captain Hook, so… who are you calling?
Oh, Amy, really? She is not going to come on to Sheldon.
Well, for starters, at some point, that face starts talking.
Amy, this is crazy. You have nothing to be suspicious about.
Come on, Amy. That is not gonna work.
There’s nothing to be brave about. Everything’s fine.
Okay, maybe she was flirting with him, but who cares? Look, I don’t even know where my relationship is with Leonard is right now.
Well, of course he’s desirable. I mean, he’s great. He’s smart, he’s sweet, and, ooh, in the bedroom, whew, let me tell you, he really tries.
Fine, it bothers me a little. No. You know what? This is stupid. It doesn’t bother me. Okay, it bothers me. But only because she wouldn’t stop laughing. Leonard is not that funny.
Oh, it’s about time. I hated the old way. Hi. I’m Penny.
In a way. We’ve kind of been involved in a five-year experiment.
Well, a lot of people can’t. Uh, hey.
My limbic system wants to take your pants off.
Relax, we got time, this is so fun.
Excuse me, the word is polish. See? Small P.
Hey, Sheldon, you’re always full of fun little facts. Where did the expression got your ass handed to you come from?
I wonder if it’s from, like, ancient Rome where they’d actually chop somebody’s ass off and then go, here. You know, to appease Loseroneous, the god of losers.
All right, fine, pick another game. Amy and I will beat you at anything.
No, no, we’re not playing some dumb made-up game.
Okay. Just for the record, I have never entered a wet T-shirt contest. I’ve won a few, but that’s just because I spill when I’m drunk, so…
All right, standard state fair pie-eating contest rules are, no hands, first one to clean the pan wins.
It’s not getting any better. (Text tone) Ugh. It’s Leonard. He wants to go costume shopping later.
I do, it’s just he wants to go to that party at the comic book store. A lot of the guys that hang out there are kind of creepy.
I’m, I’m sorry, Amy. You were saying something about Howard’s foreskin?
Yeah, I’m gonna go. It’s just not my idea of a good time.
Well, yeah, he’s my boyfriend. Isn’t that, like, his job?
I guess I could probably try a little harder.
Yeah, I’m not really clear on what that means.
I just thought I’d stop by and say hello.
No, I know. It’s long overdue. So, what ya doing? Better not be building a robot girlfriend.
Oh. You might want to put a sign on it.
Ah. Danger. Sure, sure. Yeah. What’s, what’s that?
Ooh, low-techie-techie. So, what are you working on right now?
Sharp. Thanks to the machine we saw earlier.
What do you mean? (Leonard flicks a switch. The hologram changes to a view of the planet Earth). Oh! Wow!
No, sexy cop. Slutty cop only came with a skirt and two badges.
I thought we said in the car, no accents?
No, it’s not a big deal. Just taking a class at the Pasadena Community College.
It’s just one history class. Look, I didn’t finish college, so I thought I would give it a try.
No, I’m not embarrassed. I just didn’t want anyone to know because I haven’t told Leonard yet.
Because it’s me going back to school, and he’s gonna be all “you can do it,” and “how can I help?” and “I’m so proud of you.” Ugh!
Yeah, I don’t think the water was really boiling.
Okay, listen, there’s something I need to tell you. I’ve been thinking about going back to school for a while now. So a couple months ago, I started taking a history class at the community college.
I don’t want you to make a big deal out of it.
Anyway, that’s it. I just thought you should know.
It’s really good. We’ve been talking about the origins of slavery. Turn in my first paper tomorrow.
Hey hey hey, this is my paper. And my perspective is that slavery is bad. Oh, and my professor’s black, so I’m pretty sure that’s the right answer.
Thank you. Now behave yourself and eat your dinner. Maybe later, if you’re lucky, you get to sleep with a college girl.
Leonard. It’s eight a.m. It’s like the middle of the night.
Oh, wow, that’s so sweet. Hey, what’s this?
Elves? Come on, Leonard. It’s too early for Lord of the Rings.
Okay. An examination of the economic, cultural, and political roots of slavery in the Old South, 1619 to 1865. What the hell is this?
So let me get this straight. You just assumed my paper would be bad so you wrote one for me?
You are such an ass. This is exactly why I didn’t want to tell you I was taking a class in the first place.
Right, because me being in school is so important to you. That way, you wouldn’t have to be dating someone who’s only a waitress.
Do I? Listen to me. I need to do this on my own. If I fail, I fail. If I pass, I pass. Do you get it?
Yeah, well, next time don’t. Oh, and since you like stories so much, this is not The Shoemaker
Nope. I have no reason to… “B” mad at you. Minus.
That’s right. On my paper. Not yours, mine, you punk-ass elf.
Hmm, how about, gee, Penny, you’re smarter than I thought. You may be the one in school, but I’m the one who learned a lesson. I’m so stupid, Penny. Duh.
I don’t think he’ll be making that mistake again.
So, I know this goes without saying, but if either of you tell Leonard you helped me rewrite this paper, I will beat you both with a bag of oranges.
Now, ladies, we got a B-minus on this paper. I think if we put our heads together, on the next one we could get an A.
Hey. Sorry this took so long. But you used to work here, you know how it is.
Yeah, but I told you, I’m not good at my job. Bernadette, listen to me. He is never gonna leave.
I had a feeling we’d have a talk like this sooner or later. Are you finally getting fuzz in weird places?
And for the record, bleugh. So what are you drinking?
You could have a Long Island Iced Tea.
It’s calmed the pants off me a couple of times.
Oh. So, the heart you got from the wizard giving you trouble?
Yeah, Amy told me what happened. Look, just apologize. It’ll warm her twaddle.
Honey, you can’t make people like each other.
Far be it from me to criticize a man with a full pubis. Look, Sheldon, your problem is not Wil Wheaton, okay? Your problem is the way you treated Amy.
Come on, someone insulted your girlfriend and you just let him do it. I thought you Texas guys stood up for your womenfolk.
Oh, just this guy I met at school.
Relax. He’s just a friend. We’re doing an oral report together. He’s really nice.
Would you stop? Look, he just moved here from London, okay? He doesn’t really know anybody.
No. That’s not true. There’s French, there’s Italian. No, you’re right, it’s the best.
Fine. Hanging with my boyfriend. Talk to you later. Happy?
No, he’s not. We’re just friends. Look, is this gonna be a problem? Because he’s supposed to come over tomorrow to work.
If it makes you uncomfortable, I’ll switch partners, even though the thing’s due next week and everyone already has a partner and I’ll probably end up failing the class.
Hey, shouldn’t you be out with your gang, spray painting equations on the side of buildings?
I just can’t believe you don’t trust me.
Then why did you embarrass me in front of my friend, who, by the way, knew exactly who you were?
What is your problem? Do you use up all your thinking at work and then have none left over for when you get home?
Leonard, why do you always do this? Listen to me, you’re the one I’m with. You know I love you, so will you please relax because you’re driving me crazy.
That’s exactly what we’re gonna do because you’re about to make me cry, and we both know if I start crying, you’re gonna start crying.
Uh, no, they usually don’t have to go out and get more wax.
I’m assuming these are some kind of horns they bought at Comic-Con?
Okay, maybe we should change the subject. Um, Amy, how are your lady parts? Still chilly down there?
You know, I remember the first time I got a bikini wax. My sister did it with melted Crayolas and duct tape. It’s a bad idea.
Anyway, to this day, I still can’t see a box of crayons without crossing my legs.
Okay, Howard’s mother is in, like, every one of your wedding photos.
No, Leonard’s taking me to a physics lecture, and coffee’ll just keep me awake. (Knock on door) Oh, I’ll get it.
You idiot, what the hell do you have in there?!
Get away from me or I swear to God I will rip out what’s left of your pubes!
Guys, I think I need to go to the emergency room.
You know what? That would make me feel better. Thank you.
Why don’t you just admit you only want to play this game because you always play it with Leonard and you miss him?
Okay, I get it, I get it. You are an emotionless robot.
All right, let’s just get this stupid game over with.
So that means I lose, right? It’s over?
I wasn’t going to get alcohol. Gosh, I wonder what Leonard’s doing right now. I miss him so much.
Wow, it sounds like you’re having a good time.
Uh, okay, well, we were just calling you because we were missing you.
Leonard, Leonard? I cannot believe we were missing that jerk.
I can’t believe it. All this time I’ve been doing nothing but sit around and miss that guy. And you know what the worst part is?
No. Yeah. But you know what the second-worst part is? He does not miss me at all.
No. Come on, you’re supposed to say, of course he misses you, the only reason he’s partying is to cover up his pain.
This is ridiculous. Why am I upset just because he’s off having a good time?
Okay, that, that’s great. You can stop trying to make me feel better now.
Come on. It’s still early. Let’s do something.
No. Come on, let’s talk about our lives. Tell me something about you I don’t know.
Okay, that, that’s a good start, but I was thinking maybe something a little more personal.
Okay, look, here’s something people do not know about me. When I first moved out to L.A., I did a topless scene in a low-budget horror movie about a killer gorilla. Ugh! After I did it, I felt so ashamed. Thankfully, that thing never came out.
Okay, you know what? I give up. I’m going to bed.
I, I didn’t think it was a big deal.
Sheldon, you are right. I’m really sorry. I should’ve known better.
How can you not be happy? You’re tall, thin and famous. Oh, my God, I’m jealous of Sheldon.
Mmm, you clearly haven’t been with me at Mardi Gras.
It’s like if you’re dating someone you’re not that into, and then they break up with you and then you want them more than ever.
Bark once if you need me to call PETA.
You know, if it makes you feel any better…
Oh, she’s pregnant? That’s great. You’re gone an uncle. Uncle Sheldon.
Wow, so, how long will you be gone?
Yeah, which means we don’t have to use his ridiculous ornament-spacing template.
Honey, I’m a little strapped for cash this year, so for Christmas I was thinking of giving you this.
Yeah, if he’s in the room when they’re making the baby, I’ll give you ten dollars.
Hey, you ever imagine what that would be like? Not being born?
Okay, sweetie, let me tell you exactly how that would have gone down.
Hey, you guys ready to order or you need a few minutes?
Hey. Did you remember to pay the rent?
Hey, he may be an idiot, but at least he didn’t pee himself.
Oh, come on. Childbirth is a natural, beautiful, uuurgh, it’s like someone sawed a cow in half.
Oh, my inference is justified. Sheldon, you are so funny. Anyway, I need to do my laundry, too, because these clothes are so dirty. Almost as dirty as the dirty girl who’s wearing them.
Come on, Sheldon. You and me right here.
I think I know how to change your mind.
Amy, what about you? What do you think you’d be doing if you never met Sheldon?
I’m sorry, I have a boyfriend. In fact, there he is now. Ready to go, sweetheart?
I just got a part on a TV show.
Um, NC… II… or, you know, NCSTD… I don’t know, it’s, it’s, you know, it’s the one with the letters and I’m gonna be on it!
Um, I play a customer in a diner and I flirt with Mark Harmon.
Hey, guys, don’t forget, my episode’s on TV tomorrow night.
Oh, that’s so sweet of you, but I was gonna steal food from here. You know, my treat.
We haven’t even gotten to my scene yet.
Well, the diner scene. Where’s my diner scene?
No, there was supposed to be a big scene with me and Mark Harmon, but it’s gone.
This doesn’t make any sense. I mean, I, I thought I did a, a really good job, I… Excuse me.
Ugh, this is such a disaster. My parents had all my relatives over. They got one of those six-foot sandwiches, and got my brother a day pass out of rehab and now he’s missing and the sandwich is missing, and they’re probably in Mexico by now. So humiliating.
Yeah, but this was supposed to be my break, okay? People were gonna see me in this show and it was gonna lead to bigger things. More auditions, more parts. Now none of that’s gonna happen.
I think you meant that you don’t believe in me.
I want you, right now, to give me your 100% honest opinion.
Do you think I have what it takes to really make it as an actress?
So you think I’ll be on TV and in movies and win awards.
No, please. Don’t stop, go on. Tell me how I’m gonna be a waitress for the rest of my life.
And you didn’t get your part cut. Yep, bunch of old guys rocking out in a band, all with erectile dysfunction, you didn’t get your part cut!
We can, but the part of Penny might get cut.
Come on Leonard, this is just a PR stunt.
Look, I know you were just trying to help with your Star Wars thing. I didn’t mean to call it idiotic.
Oh. Sorry, I meant to. Anyway, um, I was just upset with myself. I wasn’t mad at you. I just feel like everything is falling apart.
No, it’s not okay. Look at me, okay? I took a temp job as a waitress forever ago, and I’m still doing it. I can’t quit, because guess what? I can’t do anything else. And I finally get my big break, and it goes away. I’m such a mess.
Really? ‘Cause this morning at Starbucks, a pair of old underwear fell out of my pant leg. And it wasn’t the only one in there.
No, it’s not, okay? I’ve been out here for, like, ten years. I’ve nothing to show for it.
You’re right. I do have you. Mm. Let’s get married.
Okay, so, so you don’t want to marry me?
No, forget it. I take it back. Offer’s off the table.
No, no, I just need to be alone.
Look, I’m sorry I didn’t text you back. I just needed some time to think.
Listen, I don’t want to break up with you.
Look, you did the right thing last night. I was a mess. I was just frustrated because my career is going nowhere.
Great, because I’ve been thinking, if I really want this acting thing to work, I need to focus all my energy on it. And to do that, I should quit waitressing at The Cheesecake Factory.
Oh, I have a ton of errands to run. I need to make copies of my headshot, send them off to agents and sign up for a new acting class.
Come on, boy. Come on. Let’s go. Let’s go. Get in the car. Come on.
Do you think quitting my job was a mistake?
Because Leonard just pissed me off. Am I being an idiot or not?
Thank you. I needed to hear that. Why can’t Leonard understand it?
Yeah, I need to start cracking the window when I leave you in the car.
And hold three, two, one. Very good. Now let’s try Warrior 2. And hold.
Yeah, well, I don’t think we’re gonna get to do that today.
I’m helping him relax because, unlike you, he supports me.
Okay, if you support me, what was with that phone call?
Oh, so now I need your permission? Would you have asked me before you quit your job?
Look, I know you think I’m being reckless, and you might be right, but I need to take this shot.
You keep saying you’re on my side, but you don’t act like it.
This is a whole lot of weird before coffee.
Yeah, this is not gonna be enough coffee.
Oh, guys, this is really sad. And in a different way than it was twenty minutes ago.
What? You were all going as the Hulk?
And we’re back to the first kind of sad.
I can’t believe Leonard is spending hundreds of dollars on scalped tickets.
Yeah, but those tickets only get him into Comic-Con. That dress gets me into anywhere I want.
Oh, all right, if we’re gonna be fancy, I should probably put on clean underwear.
No, we’re gonna stop at Target on the way.
I can’t believe we thought this would makes us feel grown up.
Let me ask you a question, when did you guys start feeling grown up? ‘Cause I am not sure I do.
Okay, so I’m an adult, and the other day I saw an old man slip and fall down, and I laughed. I mean, I laughed hard. Like, like, out loud. If he was conscious, he would’ve heard me.
I know. One of the tennis balls came off his walker and bounced right off his head. I mean, I, I almost wet myself. I guess you had to be there.
Okay, sex is not what makes you a grown-up.
Really? Is that how you talk to your mother?
I mean, really, what’s so great about being grown up?
I’m serious. Who wants to do all that stuff? Have insurance, pay mortgages, leave one of those little notes when you hit a parked car.
Oh, come on, it wasn’t me. Anyone could have knocked your mirror off, or whatever happened.
No, I think we’re just gonna have a quiet weekend at home.
That would really piss me off if I didn’t have a buzz going on.
You have Valentine’s plans? Which came out sounding way more surprised than I meant. Here, let me try that again. You have Valent… See? I can’t do it.
Hey, same goes for the two of you with Amy.
Don’t be surprised if you find five chocolates missing and three gross coconut ones with a bite taken out. It came that way when I bought it.
Should we take this little party to the bedroom?
That is the least sexy thing anyone’s ever said to me.
No, Cinnamon ate the chocolates. That’s really bad for dogs.
We gotta get her to a vet right now.
Okay. There’s one not far from here. Come on. Let’s go.
So the point is I may have saved her life.
Uh, something like this. I don’t know. It came free with a full tank of gas.
Yeah, we weren’t even out of the room that long.
I think there’s something going on between the two of them.
Yeah. I’m sorry if you didn’t think we were taking it seriously. We love animals.
Hi. Sorry I’m late, I was at an audition.
How about instead of assuming I failed, you ask me how it went?
No, no, no, stay there. I’m fine on the floor.
Yeah, you guys never use that space up there. Why not get a table?
All right, sweetie, you’re paying for this table, and it’s your apartment, too.
No buts. You got to stop letting him boss you around.
See? Right there. You’re a grown man, you should be able to pick whichever hobbit you want. Wish you wouldn’t, but one problem at a time.
Give it a chance, Sheldon, you might actually like it.
Well, you can’t say he didn’t give it a fair shot.
Are you gonna let him talk to me like this?
Okay, I have not tried to change Leonard. That’s just what happens in relationships. Look how much Amy’s changed you.
Oh, please. When I first met you, you were incapable of touching another human being. Now you’re holding hands, you’re going on dates, you even made out with her on a train.
Of course she told me, it’s the most interesting thing that’s ever happened to her in her entire life.
Or you’re the frog who’s been kissed by a princess and turned into a prince.
Yeah, mm-hmm. Amy, it’s Penny. Hey. Just a little heads-up. Leonard bought a dining room table. Yeah. Sheldon’s breaking up with you.
You know, my aunt changed her diet, and in a few months, she…
Sheldon, Amy, will you please come join us?
Well, I’ll have you guys know I turned down a part in a movie last week.
Because it was crap. It’s a sequel to that awful killer gorilla movie I was in.
Okay, well, there are no shower scenes in this one. They just try to clone me from my corpse, but my DNA gets mixed with the ape’s DNA and I end up running around with giant gorilla hands and feet.
Well, I don’t think it’s the kind of part that’s good for my career.
Okay, I don’t think Meryl Streep ever had to say “Must keep gorilla hands from killing again!”
Oh, I’m sure he does it out of love. The same way my boyfriend makes me feel terrible about my life choices.
Remember the old days when I would’ve said something dumb like why? Uh, that doesn’t sound good.
Yeah, I know it’s on, Sheldon. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. I cannot afford this right now.
Not great. Can I talk to you for a sec?
I don’t know what to do. My car threw a rod and it’s totaled. I can’t afford a new one, I have no job, and now I can’t drive to auditions.
I did. I called them. The part’s gone. They gave it to someone else. Now that girl’s gonna get discovered and become famous and go on Letterman and talk about how she got her big break on a cheap monkey movie all because some dumb girl thought it was beneath her.
How? Unlike me, you have a job. I’m just gonna have to go back to being a waitress, like I will be for the rest of my life.
I’m sorry, is the fact that my life’s falling apart interfering with your board game?
Yeah. Why wouldn’t I want to get my old job back? It’ll be fun to see everyone. I haven’t talked to them since I said I quit, see you at the Oscars, bitches. Come on, let’s just get this over with.
Sweetie, I know you’re trying to make me feel better, and I love you for that, but it’s making me feel worse, and I kind of hate you. This isn’t your car.
Oh, my God, you guys need to do something!
Are you really gonna lie on the floor and pretend to be dead all night?
Are you gonna make us pretend to be a bunch of lame characters with silly accents?
Ooh, I’m gonna check the fridge, and see if there are any clues inside a beer.
Okay, can I ask you something? Why do you like making us do this stuff?
Well, my beer isn’t flat and my rack’s not saggy. So far, the future’s great.
Hey, I’m a famous actress living in London.
Of course not. If I became a famous actress and had to move, you would just come with me.
Yeah, but if I become a successful actress, we wouldn’t need the money.
So, wait, if my career took me somewhere else, you might not go?
Really? You think I’m putting this body through three kids?
Okay, if you do something cool in science, you might change the world. If I become a famous actress, I’m not gonna tell you why movie stars are the best. They just are.
In 20 years, who knows what’ll happen with any of us?
Ah-da-da-da-da, let the dead man talk. So, why do you think that?
Aw, Stuart. Now I feel bad for murdering you.
Oh, come on, don’t pout. I’m sorry I ruined your game.
I killed it. I was even able to cry real tears right on the spot.
I know. Next time I get pulled over for a speeding ticket, here come the waterworks.
I’m gonna go with monster. What do you got?
Oh. Why didn’t I put money on this? (Phone rings) Hey, that’s my agent. If I got the part, it’s still the second best thing I’ve heard all day. Hello?
I kind of did. The part in that awful horror movie I passed on came back around. Apparently, it’s mine if I want it.
Okay, it’s not me, right? This script is terrible.
Okay. (Reading) Sometimes I feel like I can control the killer gorilla instinct inside of me, but then I see these bananas and I just want to eat them and then kill people. What am I gonna do?
Less than I was making at The Cheesecake Factory.
She’s thinking of taking a job at The Cheesecake Factory.
Okay, look, here, page 58. I oil-wrestle an orang-utan in a bikini.
Unless you’re sleeping with one of them, seeing other people isn’t a big deal.
Well, I’m having an impossible time getting my career off the ground, and I got offered a role in this crappy horror movie, and I just don’t know if I should take it.
No. Did you figure out what you’re gonna do about the two girls?
Well, there must be a hell of a storm somewhere.
Yeah, I didn’t stay for the detention, I’m not gonna read the report card.
Oh, my God. You weren’t supposed to be here till Sunday.
Oh. (Knock on door) Oh, that’s the pizza.
Oh. Okay. Well, here’s, um, thirty something cents and a promise I won’t call your boss and tell him you reek of marijuana.
Yeah, thanks, but I kind of feel like eating alone tonight, so…
Uh, yeah, it sounds fun, but no thanks. (Toilet flushes) Have a good night!
No. No, no, no. You know what? The toilet’s been doing that. I called the building manager, so…
Yeah, no, no, no. You know what, Sheldon, it’s okay. You don’t have to go into the bathroom.
Oh. Well, you know, I, I’ve got two hands and a bit of a drinking problem.
Okay. Look, honey, I promise there’s no one’s here. I‘ve had a long day. I just want to have a quiet dinner by myself.
Sheldon, you cannot just barge in here like that.
Oh, hey, what are you doing here so early?
I don’t know what succubus is, but it has suck in it, so that can’t be good.
Come on, don’t be like that. We had so much fun together the last couple of months.
I’m so glad you guys are friends again.
I told you those Walking Dead pillowcases were a bad idea.
Okay. I get it. I mean, not all the jibberjabber in the middle, but I know what it’s like to put your heart and soul into something and get nothing out of it.
No. I’m saying you and string theory sound like a relationship, and I know what it’s like to be in one and realize it’s never gonna turn out the way you want.
You have to have the courage to end the relationship. You know? Break it off, shake hands, walk away.
I know it’s hard, honey, but in the end, that’s how you grow.
So, how do you want me to cut it?
Or I don’t cut it and maybe just style it a little.
Can you keep him quiet? Maybe jangle some keys in front of him?
Oh, Leonard was telling me about dark matter, but I didn’t really understand it.
I gave him a new look. It’s cute, huh?
Sheldon, have you ever considered not rushing into something new? I mean, why don’t you take your time, enjoy your freedom? Maybe something new to study will find you.
Okay, how about we toast your newfound freedom?
And you wonder why other children beat you with books. Cheers!
So, we’re about to shoot this scene in the movie where the killer ape DNA is slowly taking over my body.
But I realize they’re gluing fur everywhere except my cleavage. So, I asked the director why and he says, it’s important to the story that my boobs be the last things to turn ape.
Oh, and there’s not even a bathroom on set. I have to go to the gas station across the street. I mean, I was dressed like half an ape and still not even close to the most disgusting person in there.
Sheldon, what did we say about being a nicer friend?
Leonard, what did we say about being a gullible weenie?
‘Cause you’re trying too hard. You need to do something else, get your mind off it.
Hey, that’s good. Why’d you guys stop doing that?
Yeah. Sounds like me. Come on, Sheldon. What do you say?
I don’t know. What do you want to do?
Are you kidding? That’s what you always do. Think harder.
Uh, tell me more about this calzone idea.
Come on, anything can happen. We can push him down the stairs.
What the hell? What? She’s not working late.
You’re not working late. Why did you lie to me?
I haven’t been complaining that much about the movie. Have I?
Well you know what? Maybe I need a break from all of you. Come on, Sheldon.
We’re gonna have Anything Can Happen Thursday, you’re gonna tell me all about your science stuff and I’m gonna complain about my movie, and we’re gonna support each other because that’s what friends do.
Think I’ve been complaining too much about the movie?
Hey, I don’t understand why you’re not upset with Amy.
Thank you. Hey, maybe the answer to your career question is in one of these.
Come on, open it. I bet it says something great.
Fine, I’ll go. Hmm. People turn to you for guidance and wisdom. Yeah, that’s a good one.
Uh, since you’re paying for dinner, I’ll let that slide. Open yours.
Oh, I think I see our next stop.
No, come on, tonight we are trying new things.
Oh, for God’s sake. Look, he’s a physicist who’s trying to figure out what his next field of study should be.
Okay, I can answer that one, I’ll be bored.
Yes, yes, your spirit guides are on fire.
Oh, he does. He so does. What should he do?
Sheldon, do you hear that? I mean, Amy is the key to your happiness.
Wow, you really struck a nerve. I’ve never heard him use the M word before.
What? That’s a real thing? What is it, Star Wars Christmas?
Oh, no. This face wasn’t because I didn’t get it.
No, thanks. Leonard and I are just going to the funeral.
Oh, I get it, like C3PO. What happened to me?
Sweetie, are you sure you don’t want to come with us to the funeral?
No, he blew up the Death Star. Why do I know this?
Oh, like Attack of the Clones. We are leaving right now.
I just never knew anyone that died. I had a pet pig when I was a kid. I mean, when he died, we didn’t have a funeral, we had a barbecue.
I didn’t know him very well, but I still really liked him. It’s weird that he’s just gone.
I can’t do it with you staring at me.
No, I’m dry. You’re a big crybaby, you start, I’ll join in.
It was a gift. Thank you for being the emotional one in this relationship.
Well, I don’t want to be a jerk, but it was kind of a bummer.
And this is also not the right time. Do not propose.
I know that face. That’s your propose face.
Okay. Fine. Would you feel better if I propose so you could turn me down again?
No, don’t you dare. You reject me right now and tie things up.
This isn’t funny anymore. Just say no so we’re done with this. Will you marry me or not?
You know what? Fine. Do whatever you want.
Oh, no, it is, but I decided instead of complaining about it, I’m just gonna go in every day and give it my all.
Thanks. There’s no reason why I shouldn’t be the best bisexual go-go dancer slowly transforming into a killer gorilla anyone’s ever seen.
What gave you the right to mix my DNA with that of a killer gorilla?
Life? What life? Look at me, I’m a monster. And now I have blood on my hands, or paws. I don’t know.
I love you, too. But I’m afraid I love killing more. Like, one day, I might actually try and kill you.
Actually, you know what? Can we do one more? I think I could do it better.
Well, I care. I mean, look, if we’re gonna do this, why not try and make it something we’re actually proud of?
What? You can’t fire me. I’m the star. I’m the girl that goes bananas. It says so on the poster.
You know, the only thing worse than doing a movie where they glue monkey hair to your ass is getting fired from a movie where they glue monkey hair to your ass.
Yeah, well, it’s easy for you to say. You used to be famous.
God, what am I doing with my life?
You were on set, you saw what it was like.
Leonard, you are really not cheering me up.
No. I need to start making some smart decisions.
What does it matter? The point is, I’m choosing you.
Sweetie, you can be any pastry you want.
You know what? Forget it. I never should’ve brought it up.
Okay, it may look that way, but getting fired from that movie was the best thing that could have happened to me, okay? I finally realize I don’t need to be famous or have some big career to be happy.
Well, haven’t really talked about it yet, but I figure at some point, I’ll move in with him, or he’ll move in with me.
This is so sweet. You never cook for me.
If you don’t like my cooking, why haven’t you ever said anything?
Well, I’d like to pick one that works with my brother’s schedule.
Uh, 12 to 18 months from now, depending on good behaviour.
Well, Leonard cooked for me and now we’re just having a nice dinner, you know, as a newly engaged couple.
He can take care of himself. Look, we went over stranger danger and gave him that whistle.
It’s sweet how you look out for him. You’re a good guy.
Leonard, hang on. Just come here. Maybe we need to let him go.
He’ll be okay. You taught him well, Padawan.
I really think this is gonna be for the best.
I love scavenger hunts. My friends and I had them all the time.
Oh, in ours we would just run around town looking for a store that would sell us beer.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Why don’t you just admit you don’t want to be on a team with me.
Mm-hmm, yeah, you don’t think I’m smart enough. You think I’m gonna be a liability. Even though I totally just used the word liability correctly in a sentence. Yeah.
No, no. Let’s mix things up. I choose Sheldon, and we’re gonna kick your ass!
Thank you. Do you want to be on my team?
All right, hurry up and close the door so they can’t hear us. Would you stop pouting? So, you picked my name. Get over it.
Well, there’s no right way, Sheldon. I already found a few pieces that fit.
Ooh, ooh, it’s the comic book store. All right, come on, that’s where we have to go.
But, it, it doesn’t matter. We know the answer, come on.
It’s the comic book store, it’s the comic book store, it’s the comic book store.
Ugh, we’re the last ones here, hurry up.
Hey, Princeton, look at that, Team Community College Night School is in the lead.
Aha. Okay, let’s see. To continue on your quest, leave no stone unturned. Ooh.
Oh. Okay. Sheldon, I, I’ve got to ask, how did you figure out that it was the geology lab?
Well, wait. Don’t you want to know how I figured it out?
Three bags, no one’s opened ’em. we’re the first ones here.
Okay, the clue must be in the bag.
You know, I’m surprised you want to copy my answers since I’m not even smart enough to be on your team.
Yeah, well, you should have quit ’cause I’m still gonna beat your ass.
Sheldon’s spot. The coin is in your spot.
That is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
Hi. I thought you went to the comic book store on Wednesdays.
Oh, good. Check it out, The Disappointing Child by Beverly Hofstadter.
Yeah. It’s on the recommended reading list for my psychology class.
Oh, come on. Why? How bad could it be?
Not even the chapter on the breast-feeding crisis?
Okay, I know you don’t want to talk about it, but can I just ask you one question about your mom’s book?
I just want to know why a five-year-old boy puts on his mom’s make-up and wears balloon boobies.
Okay, okay. But you know, as a student of psychology who got a check-plus on her first homework assignment, I think, sometimes, it’s good to open up about these things.
Sweetie, I’m so sorry. I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better.
Yep. Hey, and maybe this time you don’t try and talk sports with the guys.
Oh, come on. Every time we’re about to hang out with my friends, you don’t want to. It’s like, It’s too loud, or the bathroom’s too dirty, or they put a chicken wing in my ear. I mean…
All right, hang on. is this still about your mom’s book?
‘Cause if you’re still upset about that, we don’t have to go.
I’m so sorry. I never should have read that book. You know what? You want to just get dinner and watch the game here?
Hi. All right, sweetie. You hang in there today.
Oh, just a little treat. I know you’ve been feeling really bad about your mom lately.
And I wanted to make you feel better, so I planned something very special for you.
Bernadette told me everything. Now you don’t get the left or the right.
Well, we’re in Vegas. I want to go downstairs, get a bucket of margaritas, dance until I vomit all over a roulette wheel and watch it go everywhere.
Oh, you will. That’s why they give you the bucket. Uh-oh.
It’s my boss. They moved my field ride up to Monday.
It means instead of having a week to study, I only have two days.
Uh, it’s kind of a lot. You know, let me do a little tonight, and I’ll catch up with you guys later.
That sounds so great. But I have a little more studying to do.
All right, guys, look, I would love to go out, but I’ve got to get this done, okay? So have fun at the club. And if you get in trouble, find a policeman. And if he’s taking off his pants, he is not a real policeman.
Good morning. You want to go to the pool? Come on, you said it yourself, only nerds and losers stay in the room. Wow, it’s bright out. Isn’t it bright? I should probably close these curtains. Nah. Bye.
Uh, Sheldon, you want to take a break? Your food’s ready.
Aw, what horrible thing are you trying to make up for?
Yeah. Hey, how come you’ve never done anything romantic to celebrate our first date?
I know what I did. I bet they had to throw out that rocking chair. You know, I can be romantic if I want to.
Okay, just you wait and see. I’m gonna romance your freakin’ ass off.
Okay, good, ’cause I’ve been really struggling with this.
I don’t know if I want to cook for him. He’s kind of a picky eater. I mean, it’s too salty, it’s too dry, it’s too burnt and frozen at the same time. Okay, come on, what else would sweep you off your feet?
Okay, that’s just the plot for Dirty Dancing. What else would you love? Other than being lifted over Patrick Swayze’s head.
I get that, but why is this so hard?
Yeah, I’m trying to be sad about that. I can’t.
Okay, you know what’s not romantic? Rubbing it in someone’s face.
Damn it, everyone’s better at this than me.
I discovered a secret ingredient. The flavour packet. That sucker is well named. All right, lover boy, get ready, ’cause there is a crap storm of romance coming your way.
Oh, I am. Maybe if you follow this trail, you’ll see why.
Yes. The most beautiful and shockingly expensive of all the flowers.
Okay, I gave this a lot of thought, and I finally found something to show you how much I love you.
It’s a first edition of Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy. I remember it was your favourite book growing up.
No. Something’s going on. What’s wrong with it? I remember you saying how great it would be to have a first edition.
No, it’s not. I mean, what’s thoughtful is everything you do. Here, you know what? Look at this. Look, here’s the, the plane ticket you bought me when I was too poor to go home for the holidays. And the rose you left on my windshield just because. Here’s the, the thank-you letter you wrote me after the first time I slept with you. All 11 pages of it.
Oh, yeah, just the first one. I didn’t save them all.
Good, I’m just having little trouble with the glue.
Yeah, but only because I was dating a second grader.
Thanks. Target, four ninety-nine. I’m getting a drink.
Raj, cool it, he’s gonna make us hair diamonds.
You’ve had this dart board since I’ve known you, but I’ve never seen you play.
No, if it was a spider, Lenny would’ve flipped out.
Yeah, it’s freaking me out. I’m gonna go.
I scraped gum off the bottom of that table. Only ’cause my manager saw me put it there.
I don’t know why but I always pictured her as Indian.
I’m not gonna say anything. I just want to check her out. Because she hurt my friend. My Indian friend. Who’s racist now?
Hey, can I start you off with something to drink?
Okay. Um, you’re Lucy, right? I’m a friend of Raj Koothrappali’s. Actually Amy recognized you.
Yeah, this is none of my business. But why did you break up with him in an e-mail?
Yeah, I get that. I’ll go get you your water. When you say easier, you mean easier for you, right? ‘Cause it certainly didn’t make it easier for him.
I’m sorry, this is rude of me. I will go get that water. See, see, see, see. Just now you expressed your feelings to my face. How come you could do that with me, but not Raj?
You know what the worst part is? You’re sitting here, perfectly happy and he’s at home, a blubbering mess.
Well, I also said I was getting you water, but look at me still standing here. You know, I may be a bad waitress, but you are a bad person. Now, you want to hear the specials?
Hey, if you guys were hungry, why didn’t you order something at the restaurant?
Oh, that’s right. Nachos and a turkey club.
Well, I was too busy standing up for my friend to worry about your, I want to say salmon.
What do you mean how? What’s the big deal?
Okay, you guys are overreacting. Raj is gonna appreciate how I had his back.
Sheldon’s not here. Why don’t you take the sweater off?
Oh, my God! Is that sweater made of bees? Come on, take it off. I won’t tell.
Sweetie, every night you don’t kill him in his sleep, he wins.
So you can send it to Princeton and get your money back.
There’s a girl at the Cheesecake Factory I can set you up with.
Oh, stop it. I’ve seen you eat, like, a million hamburgers.
Look, I’m telling you I’ve done it, okay? I clearly remember the cow standing up and then the cow on its side.
I was 16 in Nebraska. What do you think?
That would explain why the sky was also on its side.
Uh, we were actually gonna do it here.
Sheldon, you can have a nice Thanksgiving anywhere. I spent one in Vegas.
Yeah, back when I was dating Zack. It was actually more fun than I thought. We gambled, we went to one of those cheesy wedding chapels, we had a really good turkey dinner. Which was surprising, since we were at a strip club.
We had one of those silly fake weddings.
Ugh, would you stop? We just did it as a goof.
I will. Why are you making this such a big deal?
Great, well, what do I have to do?
Want of understanding? What does that even mean?
I can’t believe I felt bad for opening this in the car.
Look, I get it, I screwed up. Is this all we’re gonna talk about the rest of the day?
Well, you’ll be happy to know I just spoke to Zack and he’s willing to sign the court papers. He’s on his way here now.
Because you wouldn’t shut up about it. When I called him, he had nothing to do, so I just thought it would…
Yeah, okay, great. Can we just get this over with?
Okay, look, Zack, come on. You know neither of us thought this was real. I mean, we were married by an Elvis impersonator.
Hang on. You know what? You have been a jerk about this all day. You always do this, whenever I mess up, you’re right there to make me feel even worse about it.
Yeah, we could’ve waited till Monday, signed the papers, this all would have been over.
Oh, there you go again, just another mistake you’re throwing in my face.
Hey, I’m sorry about today. And I promise, next time I get married, it won’t be a joke. It’ll be for love. Or money.
Besides, I don’t need six hours of your hair is different, why did you change your hair? I’m holding my breath until your hair grows back.
I haven’t been on a job interview in years. I’m really nervous.
I don’t have any experience in sales. Unless you count the bikini car wash I did in high school. But you already made me take that off my résumé.
Oh, I really appreciate this. I just hope I’m not in over my head.
Oh, thank you, but maybe I should cancel.
Well, I’m a people person. People like me. Some of my favourite people are people. I feel like I’m saying people a lot. People, people, people. Okay, I’m done.
Uh, well, as a waitress, sales was a big part of my job. I mean, believe me, I convinced a lot of very large customers, who should not be eating cheesecake, to have more cheesecake. I mean, one of those chubsters even had an insulin pump.
Um, any chance his car needs to be washed by a girl in a bikini? No. Okay, I’m really sorry for wasting your time.
Okay, thanks. Um, I’m sorry, listen, could you do me a favour and not tell Bernadette how badly I blew this interview? She’ll get upset. And honestly I’m a, a little terrified of her.
I know, but she’s kind of a bully.
I cannot believe you travelled the entire country and never left the train station.
Oh, Dan. My boss who didn’t want to hire me and now’s a little hug machine.
I’ll be right there. Bernadette’s just parking the car.
I know she can be a little intense, but, I swear, she is so sweet once you get past all the…
Oh. We were just talking about how much we love working with you. Isn’t that right? Dan?
So, Dan, you have a grandson. How old is he?
I heard he was being picked on by a mean kid.
Oh, I don’t know. Maybe he didn’t like the fact that you called his grandson a wuss.
Okay, look, I know what a good person you are, but sometimes people think you might come off a little harsh.
Yes, but once in a while, people think you’re a little mean.
No. No, no, no. I think the cookie thing.
No. That’s fine, but there’s a difference between being tough and telling your friend her new pants look like a saggy diaper.
Yeah, you did. I felt so self-conscious, I had to return them.
Oh, come on, they don’t hate you, all right? They’re just a little intimidated. All you need to do is show everyone how sweet you really are.
No, come on. You are not going anywhere, all right? I am here for you, and we are gonna fix this together.
Yeah. It comes from the swear jar we put money in when you curse.
That was supposed to be for the whole floor.
Well, then, maybe you shouldn’t have named her Wheelchair Kathy.
See? You don’t have to be mean to get what you want.
Hey, how are things going with your parents?
You know what? That was almost on topic. I’m gonna say good job, Sheldon.
So, if you don’t mind me asking, do you think you might start dating again?
No, but if things don’t work out with me and Leonard, I’ll give you a call. Wait. How much do you talk about Star Trek?
Oh, I guess that’s where Raj gets it from.
Hey, you know, Raj is dating a doctor who works a lot. Him and his mom have a type. You, you got to laugh at that, right? No? All right.
It’s kind of boring. Although it did get exciting for a minute when Amy inhaled a wool ball. How much longer do you think you’ll be?
Honey, it’s Christmas Eve. Who even knows you’re in there?
Sweetie, you really thought I’d want to do this?
Did you say it out loud with words?
I don’t want to spend the whole day playing a board game.
No. We’re always doing what you guys want. Just once, it’d be nice if you did something we wanted.
Yeah, we do game nights and video game nights and we watch movies with director’s commentary.
Yeah, today Amy and I are deciding what we’re all gonna do.
All right, let’s see. What’s something fun the guys would never take us to do? Oh, I know, we could go horseback riding.
All right, well, what do you want to do?
Well, that’s Wilshire’s problem. Come on, you know, there, there’s got to be something fun we could do that the guys will hate.
You walked out of the house in a fez and bow tie. I went so you didn’t get beat up.
You were, but somehow I held myself back.
Is there any part of your body that’s normal?
How come we can’t think of something we both want to do?
It does, somehow he managed to take all the fun out of it.
No, you’re right, we should do what you do. Have our mom send us pants from the Walmart in Houston.
Uh, not really a great outfit for work, unless something opens up in the hookers and whores division. Hey, can I ask you something?
Do I really force you to do things you don’t want to?
Well, you know, that was a long time ago. You’re a different woman now. You’re smart, you’ve got great friends, you’ve got a boyfriend, you’re pretty, you have zero fashion sense, but, anyway, tonight we’re gonna do whatever you want.
How are you guys getting along? What? Why are there tears?
Sheldon, we know this is a sensitive subject, and Leonard’s not gonna move out until you’re ready.
Don’t tell Amy that. We’ll be here every Sunday.
Uh, Bernadette’s nickname for you is the virgin piña colada.
Yeah, once I was too lazy to walk across the hall, so I used your toothbrush.
So what do you need the headphones for?
Is that why you had to take him to Office Depot last night?
And you thought it was soaping me up in the shower.
I love him, but if he’s broken, let’s not get a new one.
Oh, I’m just doing this awful workout. I hate it.
I don’t know, I guess I like that I hate it. It makes me work harder.
The exercise, Sheldon. Shouldn’t you be getting ready for work?
Uh, you’re sad about not getting anything done last night, so you’re gonna sit around and pout about it?
So, whichever rep has the best sales for the quarter gets a trip for two to Hawaii.
Yeah, clearly you haven’t seen him on the beach walking around with his metal detector.
What exactly do you think goes on here?
Sheldon, we are just people. We talk about the same things you guys talk about.
Wow, this is hard. I’m gonna say Cinnamon.
So, tell me about your day, how’s it going with the particle detector?
Yeah, I listen to what you say. You’re building a particle detector using superfluid helium.
And you know from past experience this table cannot support both our weight. So, how’s the detector going?
No, I do. I didn’t write superfluid helium on this napkin for nothing.
Hey, if you’re pausing for dramatic effect, I’d keep it moving.
Okay, well, if you find him, use the kitchen island, that coffee table will not support both of you.
Oh, God. Probably nothing. I think I saw the director twirling a sign outside the Verizon store.
Okay, well, I’ve been poking around the internet, and I think I found something we’ll enjoy watching even more.
Oh, just a video of Bernadette in a beauty pageant.
How could you not tell us you were in beauty pageants?
Oh, my God, it’s about her and Sheldon.
You know I’m gonna read it either way.
Amelia and the time-trav… found it. It was just past dawn on the prairie, and like every morning, Amelia prepared to do her chores. Except something about this morning felt different.
Maybe it was the first whisper of winter in the air, or maybe it was the unconscious handsome man with porcelain skin and curious clothing she was about to discover lying in the field. A man who would open her mind to new possibilities and her body to new feelings.
“Time travel? I don’t understand,” said Amelia. Cooper stared at her. ‘Which word don’t you understand, time or travel?”
It stung Amelia when he spoke to her this way. In her little one-room schoolhouse, she was always the smartest student, regularly besting the boys in her class, but this was no boy in front of her, this was a man.
Cooper told Amelia about all the strange and incredible things the future would hold, like computers and living past 30. He asked her if she had any questions. All she longed to ask was if his heart was beating as fast as hers, but she was too afraid to hear the answer.
So instead she asked if, in the future, Montana ever became a state.
With a heavy heart, Amelia stood before the newly repaired time machine. She regretted giving Cooper the part he needed.
What? No, I really want to know what happens, and Bernadette really, really, really wants to know what happens.
No, it is. Does he stay? Do they kiss? Does she find out about Montana?
As he stood for Amelia to dry him…
Did she leave pit stains in your favourite crop top, too?
Well, I’m sure she didn’t upset you on purpose. Besides, aren’t you the one who says there’s nothing more important than the advancement of science?
All right, well, if I’m understanding this right, and all she did was help out another scientist, I’m thinking you might have to let this one go.
I don’t know what to tell you. I mean, why don’t you talk to her?
I don’t know, just think about something else.
Now open your hand and let it go.
I can’t believe you were testing me against a chimp.
Make this interesting? You bet money on me?
Oh, hey. Did you see that? I, I figured out how to open the door all by myself. Maybe I’ll fling some faeces around my cage to celebrate.
I know you’ve been giving me secret puzzle tests.
I don’t want five dollars. I want my dignity.
I know, it’s so insulting. At one point, they had me figure out how to get a banana out of a puzzle box.
Eh, what’s the matter with them is they think they’re so smart they don’t care if they hurt other people’s feelings.
The answer’s in this puzzle box. Let’s see if you can open it.
I really thought he was gonna say let it go.
Whenever I saw her, she’d say I was too skinny and try and feed me.
Honey, neither of us comes off good in that story.
Raj, would you ever try an experiment like that with Emily?
Oh, careful. You’re poking at the whole foundation of The Bachelor.
What? You’re okay with an experiment where you have to answer awkward questions about your innermost feelings?
Please, can I do it with him? Please?
I’m not gonna fall in love with Sheldon.
You know what? I can honestly say if we fall in love, not only will I drive you there, I will buy you all the dragon T-shirts you want.
Yup. Be right there. I assume you don’t want wine.
Question one. Given the choice of anyone in the world, whom would you want as a dinner guest?
Just says anyone in the world. I guess that means living.
You sure that’s your choice? ‘Cause I’ve had that dinner.
Uh, well, I’d probably sleep in, do a little yoga, then lie on the beach while cute cabana boys brought me drinks and probably get a massage and then cap off the night with some dancing.
Yeah, well, he brought a book, okay? What’s yours?
Well, not to steal from the Bible, but turning water into wine sounds pretty good.
Come on, I’m just having some fun with you.
Fine. Honestly, if I could have one quality, I wish I could be as smart as you guys.
Well, I can’t read people’s minds. Actually, that’s not true, I can read men’s minds, but only ’cause it’s usually the one thing.
Well, now I wish I had the ability to make that stuff easier for you.
Wow, I just felt this wave of affection for you.
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not having told someone?
Well, that’s always been a secret. Not even Amy knows.
Well, thank you for sharing it with me. I won’t tell anyone.
That is so funny. I never would have pegged you for a Pisces.
All that’s left to do is stare into each other’s eyes for four minutes without talking.
Do you want to stop? I know you have trouble with eye contact.
Just thinking about the day I met you and Leonard.
I can’t remember a time you guys weren’t in my life.
Well, maybe. But I’m still glad we did it. I do feel closer to you.
I just want to make sure you get there safe.
This is why I’ve been saying we should keep champagne on ice.
You went to the dirty store without me?
Okay, did you go to the dirty store or Michaels?
Whoa, that’s kind of a big step for a guy who only recently agreed to take his socks off.
No. No, come on, I want to do it.
Yeah, let’s you, me, and your very, very pale feet make some art. Hey, when you got back to this store, I want to go with you.
I’m not even sure why we were out of breath. Uh, I mean, did we move at all?
Okay, come on. We are not old boring people. We can do better than this.
Yeah, is it a comedy? Is it a drama? Nobody knows. Now, come on. We are gonna do this.
How did you get paint in your eye?
What? Are you kidding? We’re not hanging it.
Yeah. We could give it to Sheldon, and tell him William Shatner painted it.
If it’s such a big deal, how come the biggest celebrity they could get for the cover is a molecule?
No, no. I’m gonna cheer you up. Here we go.
My baby is sad, and I’m gonna make him happy again.
Well, what about this helicopter you control with an iPad?
You know, for an extra four bucks, I can have this thing here tomorrow.
You know what? I did it. What’s four bucks?
Well, didn’t he do a lot of the work?
And that’s why you get an iPad helicopter.
All right, hey, you two, we’re here for Howard right now, okay?
Okay, new salon topic. Salons, dumb thing from a long time ago or interesting thing made dumb by talking about superheroes? Discuss.
Guys, if I wanted to hear people be bitchy, I’d go to my real salon.
I don’t think I’ve eaten that much in my entire life.
You know, when they chase you out of there, you only have to run faster than Sheldon.
You still worried some Berkeley girl is gonna steal him away?
Sure. Oh, we had one of these growing up. I used to play all the time.
So when do you guys think you’re gonna move in?
Bernadette, for every episode of Doctor Who Leonard has made me sit through, I will play on your behalf and send that TARDIS back to Gallifrey, where I hate that I know it belongs.
Yeah, it’s also like when the Mountain fought the Red Viper in Game of Thrones.
No, no, I like that show. It’s got dragons and people doing it.
I care. Oh, wait, no, I don’t. Good luck, Raj.
Well, the first few weeks will be all training. They’ll tell me everything I need to know.
Okay, so what, you want me to be like a teacher’s pet?
Well, ever since she helped me get this job, she won’t stop bugging me.
Well, you saw her the other night. Am I wrong?
I’m sorry. I just need a little break from her.
Uh, thanks, but I think I’m gonna stay in and go over the stuff Bernadette gave me.
No, I think she was just trying to help. Plus, I really want to do well at this job. So…
Those are also the side effects of having a 75-year-old man with an erection climb on top of you.
Okay, good. She seemed like she really wanted to go out tonight.
Oh, it’s cool, I’ve never been on a podcast before.
I only figured that out because I’ve never heard of any of them.
What? A few thousand people listen to you talk about nerd stuff?
I think I started to suspect it was a bad movie when I looked at the script and saw the title, Serial Ape-ist 2: Monkey See, Monkey Kill.
Okay, well, I’ll apologize for the first time, but the other nine are on you.
Hey, Kevin. It’s really exciting to talk to you.
I don’t know, I make a movie, become rich and famous, win an Oscar, a Golden Globe and live an incredibly wonderful life.
Okay, instead of protecting me, why don’t you try being excited when something good happens?
Well, how much do you owe? Maybe I can help you out.
No, it means a diversified portfolio of stocks and bonds. I’m not overly conservative. I’m young, so my guy said I can afford to take some risks.
Oh, sweetie, you should really get some money.
Leonard, why are you making such a big deal out of this? So our roles have changed a bit over the last couple years. This is the way life is. And I’m sure in time they’ll change again.
Okay, look, would it make you feel better if I did something dumb like sneak out of work one day to go audition for a Kevin Smith movie?
(Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon. (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon. (Knock, knock, knock) Sheldon.
Yeah, I kind of want to do it again.
Uh, no, I actually came to talk to you.
Okay, look, here’s the thing. I like pharmaceutical sales, it’s going great, but I have an audition for a movie, and if I get it, it could screw everything up.
Okay. Sheldon, let me ask you a question.
If I was at a train station and one train could take me to my current job and the other train could take me to an audition for a movie, which train should I get on?
Oh. You’re right. I’m worried about something that hasn’t even happened yet. Huh. You are a wise man.
Oh, I guess you’re right. Maybe it is the person who asks.
‘Cause I already know what he’ll say. Wah, wah, wah, you shouldn’t do it.
Yeah, uh, I got a job as a pharmaceutical sales rep.
Well, kind of. But now I get to act like inflamed heart is only a mild side effect.
Yeah, it’s going okay, but I do miss this sometimes.
I mean, the whole experience reminded me about how much I hated about that world. You, you know, the anxiety, the depression, the negativity. I don’t want to feel those things. I want to sell drugs to people who feel those things.
I did. I mean, I walked in, read for the part, then stunk up the place, but then I walked right out.
I do, and you know, I don’t think I’ve ever thanked you properly for helping me get it.
Well, thank you. You’re a good friend, and you changed my life.
Uh, yeah, I just need to throw in a few last minute things, you know, makeup, underwear, clothes.
Oh, I pack light. Once, I got through an entire spring break with nothing but a long T-shirt and a belt.
It’s called an evening look. I’ve never been to New Jersey before.
You think we’ll have time to visit your mom over there?
Are you sure? I could pretend I’m a high school cheerleader who can’t control herself around esteemed alumni.
I got you a little something to cheer you up.
I called your old high school and convinced them to let you give your speech over Skype.
Yeah, now about those, uh, they came from a costume shop, and all they had left was sexy graduate, so they might be a little short.
Just let me see. Sweetie, you know you’re supposed to wear clothes underneath a graduation gown.
Yeah. You’re gonna be on Skype, they’re not gonna see your legs.
Add a belt and I’ll take you some place nice.
Oh. Hello. I, I didn’t know he was gonna point it at me, so, don’t do drugs and stay in school.
Oh, sweetie, it was the best speech I…
Leonard, what time does your mom’s plane get in?
Aw, it’s so nice. She’s gonna love it.
You know, your mom’s never been too thrilled with our relationship. Maybe I should get her something so she warms up to me.
Hey, sorry, got caught up at work. Hi, Beverly.
Ah, yeah, now that’s what I’m talking about.
Oh, yeah, let me show you the ring.
Really doesn’t matter to me how much he spent on the ring. I think.
We’re not in a rush. We’ll set a date when the time is right.
Hey, look at that. You both believe in Jewish bearded guys.
Why don’t we all stop hitting ourselves and talk about something safe, you know, like shoes or how cute little Chinese babies are.
Yeah, and you certainly don’t have to earn my love.
Of course, you already knew that when you bought me this princess-cut drill bit.
Well, come on now, she did kind of start it.
Well, now we know, next time we go to the farmers’ market, the order is petting zoo first, then buy vegetables.
Oh, your buddy got mugged by some baby farm animals.
Mmm. So what do you need help with?
Okay. Were you talking before she got upset?
That’s probably it. What’d you say to her?
Well, Sheldon, when you’re kissing a girl, she expects the attention to be on her.
Wait, what is wrong with you two? He was talking about television during their date night.
Okay, see, that’s even dumber than you wondering if being bitten by a goat would give you the powers of a goat.
Hey, I don’t think she’s wrong about you going too slow in the relationship.
Yeah, you’ve been going out for years. You haven’t even slept together.
Well, we will. We’re just not in a rush.
Yeah, it’s just, things are good right now.
You know, I can see why Amy’s mad at you.
Oh, my God. Yes. Why would you even ask that?
Well, you want a date, pick a date.
All right, well, I want it in a church.
Uh, Sheldon, I think we’re good for now.
Here we go again. Why is everyone so concerned with us setting a date? We’re committed to each other. We’re happy. A ceremony isn’t gonna change anything.
Wow, there’s a Denny’s in Vegas you can actually get married in.
Maybe. But this isn’t about them, it’s about us.
And you know what the best part is? We took our time. I mean, we met, we were friends for a couple years, then we got together, and then we got untogether, then we worked out all our problems, and now we know everything about each other, we can just go forward with no surprises and no regrets.
You know, can I ask you a question?
Really? Because to me, it seems like we’re about to get married and you’re trying to sabotage it.
No, I don’t want there to be secrets between us.
Look, I’m not happy this happened, but I think I can get past it. I mean, we weren’t engaged at the time, and it was just kissing.
Okay, this is not what I meant when I said go outside and play.
That’s so cool. Congratulations. I guess that makes you the athlete of the group.
I know. Watching your boyfriend run around with a broomstick between his legs isn’t something you forget.
You guys are going out two nights in a row?
Sheldon, I’m surprised you’d choose to go to a pub.
Isn’t this when he says bazooka or something?
Uh, we’re not sure. But I want to wait long enough to prove to my mother I’m not pregnant.
Well, a relationship is more complicated than a French fry.
Well, kind of takes the romance out of relationships.
‘Cause it’s stupid. Who cares what number it is?
I said I don’t want you to. I’m getting another drink.
Look, I don’t need a score on a test to make me worry about something I’m already worried about.
That we’re engaged and have nothing in common, and it scares me.
Well, that’s not good. You being blindly infatuated with me was the rock we were building this relationship on.
Oh, well, ’cause you know we’re gonna do bad.
Oh, it would be great to practice on a real doctor.
I don’t know. I kind of got the sense she didn’t like me.
Of course not. No one ever says they don’t like you straight to your face.
Yeah. You’re probably right. I used to think my high school P.E. teacher didn’t like me, but it turned out, she liked me a little too much.
Yeah. It was fine. We went to a Melissa Etheridge concert, I got an A, it all worked out.
Thank you so much for letting me practice my sales pitch on you. I really appreciate it.
Um, I brought coffee. I wasn’t sure what you like, so I got a regular, a cappuccino and a Chai tea. Since you like Raj, I thought you might be into that.
Oh, yeah, sure. Let me just get out my materials. Leonard gave me this briefcase. He used to carry it around in high school. You can still see the dent where they whacked him with it. Okay, I would like to talk to you about our new birth control pill, Femevra.
So, Femevra’s triphasic design provides balanced hormonal exposure.
It has also been shown to cause significantly fewer side effects than other oral contraceptives. Although it can cause acne, which, if you ask me, kind of increases its effectiveness as a contraceptive.
Okay, I’m sorry. Did we get off on the wrong foot? Because since the other night, I kind of feel like you might have a problem with me.
Are you sure, because it doesn’t seem fine?
Oh, my God. Tell me, what did I do?
Well, I wouldn’t exactly call it a hook-up.
We weren’t lovers. Come on. Everyone knows we didn’t sleep together. We got drunk and fooled around. Why couldn’t you just leave me out of it?
Well, good job. Now she hates me. Ugh.
I don’t know what Emily’s so upset about anyway. Even if I had slept with him, so what? Everyone has a past.
How? You can’t force someone to like you.
Oh, my God. I didn’t used to like you.
Oh. Well, would you consider mounds of credit card debt kind of a big deal financially?
Okay, sit down. Listen, Emily, what happened between me and Raj was a long time ago.
Yeah, and Leonard and I are engaged now, and I’m just hoping we can put this whole thing behind us.
Oh, that’s so sweet. I mean, look at you, you are gorgeous.
Oh, thanks. Got a couple new outfits for work.
Wait, hang on, you guys are gonna work in a mine?
You had a panic attack when we went through the car wash.
Yeah, that’s when I started thinking about work. Uh, listen, I’ve got some good news.
Well, you know how they gave me the company car? Didn’t make sense to have two, so I sold the other one.
Yeah. And there’s your money back, and now we’re even. How great is that?
Oh, come on, Leonard, I know the car was a thoughtful gesture and I really appreciate it, but it doesn’t make sense to have both.
What should I have done? Taken a picture of us in the car and put it in a pink frame with puffy paint around it that says best fiancé ever?
Well, it’s not that sweet, I paid for the frame with your money and then got a massage.
And I really appreciate it, but now I don’t need it, so here you go.
Sweetie, I can buy my own stuff. I have a good job now.
Okay, I don’t want this to turn into a fight.
Great. Thank you. Can you pass the salt, please?
Well, leaving an envelope full of cash on my dresser after sex would count as weird.
You know what, that’s great. I love that.
Oh, thank you so much. It feels so good to hear you say that. And I want you to know that I get this job kind of changes the balance in our relationship, and I’m trying to be sensitive to that.
Well, I just think that maybe you’re a little hung up on the money because I’m less reliant on you now, and that’s a little scary.
Or, maybe now that I’m no longer an out-of-work actress who can’t pay for her own dinner, that makes you a little insecure.
You know what? I’m sorry. It’s stupid to fight over money.
Ugh, You’re right, who cares? Mm. Get that money out of my back pocket or I will break your fingers.
Well, you know, now that we’re engaged, we had some questions about how you handle money as a couple.
Well, do you guys ever fight over money?
Well, if I do well in sales, I could end up making a lot more money than you.
Maybe it’s a good thing we came here. It’s like a lesson in what not to do.
It won’t. Let’s just promise to figure this kind of stuff out before we get married.
Hang on. I want to see if he gets the star.
Okay, this is definitely the most fun thing we can do with the money.
Same as all of us, getting out of a car without underwear.
Okay, if it’s sometimes Howie wears yours, Leonard already told us.
I think the message is check out the rack on that scientist.
Okay, what’s the big deal? Look, if it helps me make a sale with a physician, I don’t think it hurts to flirt a little. I mean, laugh at their joke, touch their arm, maybe crank up the AC in the car beforehand, you know, to wake up the girls.
No, I think you should do whatever you want. You know, maybe if fashion magazines had female scientists in them, I would’ve become a theoretical physicist. Stop smirking at each other.
Oh, this is very embarrassing. Dr. Lorvis, I am so sorry. I did not mean to lead you on.
What? No, no, I just put it on the other hand and turn it around. Keep that hand in my pocket.
Well, what do you mean why? Look, I make more sales if these doctors think I’m single. I did the same kind of thing as a waitress. The real question is, what is he doing in your apartment?
Okay, he just showed up at my door. Don’t you think that’s a little weird?
Okay. Whatever, look, my company does not allow me to socialize with doctors outside of work. You got to get rid of him.
I can’t do it, he’s my best client.
So, you just left them alone playing games in your house?
Doc, you’ve got to see what you’re doing is, is a little creepy.
Okay, you can’t just go chasing after every girl who’s nice to you.
Okay. Nope. That’s it. We are gonna go over there right now, and you are going to let them out.
Oh, great. I don’t suppose you also brought napkins, clean bowls, utensils and a roll of toilet paper.
Well, with all the new stuff I bought for work, I needed to make room in my closet.
That, believe it or not, is my prom dress.
What kind of teenager did you think I was?
No. I just made out with him a little while his date was puking.
Okay, guys, trust me, as someone who’s been to, like, seven proms, it is never as good as you want it to be.
Yeah, let’s see. Uh, four Under the Seas, two Enchanted Evenings, and one Night to Remember that I cannot remember for the life of me.
Well, who cares what I think? What do you think?
Well, now I can’t blow this thing off without being a bitch.
Here’s a question, as an alien pretending to be human, are you planning to engage in any post-prom mating rituals with Amy?
Not always. Unless your date drives a van with an air mattress, then always.
Sheldon, doesn’t Amy look hot? That’s got to put some starch in the upper flermin.
Aw, I know I wasn’t into this before, but I’m so glad I get to take you to your first prom.
Well, if I would have been there and saw you alone, I would’ve asked you to dance.
Well, I might not have asked you to dance then, but I will ask you now.
I don’t care. We’ll make our own music.
Want to take a picture of us and send it to your old friends in the chess club?
I know, me, too. But it will be fun to have a prom without all the drama.
Yeah, I watched. It was like the scary boat tunnel in Willy Wonka.
Okay. And Sheldon really believes we’re at a public swimming pool?
He’s gonna be all right. That is sticky.
I think she meant something a little happier.
Okay, listen, when Leonard comes out, he is not gonna feel great, so, please don’t give him a hard time.
Okay, the reason he deceived you is you were being a pain in the ass.
Obviously, I care about Leonard. I’m gonna spend the rest of my life with him.
Come on, smile. This is gonna be my Christmas card.
Who are you kidding? You were so panicked Leonard was gonna die, you’ll never leave him.
Yeah, once he figures out how to work a door.
Hey, why did you get two? I’m with stupid.
Whatever. Put us on the Internet. I’ve always wanted a wedding with a comment section.
No. No, I want to. Look, we’ve put this off long enough. Let’s do it.
Uh, actually I’m in Vegas. Leonard and I are about to get married.
Well, it was kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing.
Okay, will you relax? You’re not missing anything special.
She’s upset. Look, it’s gonna be a great wedding. Look at you in your little suit.
Thanks, but I don’t like glitter on my scrambled eggs.
Oh, my God, would you stop bringing it up?
Well, I don’t have any. You’re kind of making me look bad.
No, no, no, go ahead. I’ll come up with something mushy, you’ll cry, we got this.
Right. Um, okay. Leonard, I mean, you’re not only the love of my life. I mean, you’re my best friend, and, you’ve got a friend in me. You got troubles. I got ’em, too. There isn’t anything I wouldn’t do for you. We stick together, and we can see it through, ’cause you’ve got a friend in me.
Okay, let’s do it. You gonna make it?
It’s just, when we were kissing, I couldn’t help but picture you with that other girl.
What do you mean, every time you see her?
You work with her? How could you not tell me that?
Oh, okay. So you’re saying this is my fault?
I thought I was okay, but it turns out I’m not.
I’m sorry to hear about you and Amy.
You know, it’s bad enough what happened, but then he tried to hide the fact that he sees her all the time at the university.
Right? I can’t believe Amy actually went through with it.
I told her to be true to herself and do what makes her happy.
Okay, look, it’s not my fault that she thought you were a bad boyfriend.
Yeah. So you have a song stuck in your head. It happens to everybody.
I told you if we were patient, he’d figure it out for himself.
Hey, sweetie, why don’t you take a break and do something else for a while?
I’ll pay a thousand dollars to watch you cut footloose.
Nobody knows. That’s why he’s number one. Can you please go talk to him?
Once? Who got the gum out of his hair?
Come on, Sheldon. There are plenty of smart people who don’t have mental problems.
Maybe he just had bread in his pocket.
Okay, look, I know Amy’s like an old lady, but she’s not old enough to have a song from the sixties written about her.
Better. You’re the lint trap of my love.
I’m really happy you and Amy are back together.
Uh, sweetie, you do realize Thursday is Amy’s birthday.
You guys just got back together. You might not want to ditch her on her birthday.
Aw, that’s nice. Put that on her cake.
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Let’s, let’s, let’s just recap our options. All right, we’ve got harp thing, sheep thing.
Sheldon, being physical with Amy is a huge step for you.
Well, you’re spending your birthday with Sheldon. Why not celebrate early?
Sure, sure. Or we could take you to get a bikini wax.
Uh, I don’t know. It was just a thought.
Oh, we just want you to be prepared for any surprises that might happen tomorrow.
Yes. He said he wants to do something to show you how much you mean to him.
I know. Then you’ll finally stop talking about it.
Well, I’m gonna stay positive. I mean, we talked, I told him what women like, and after he stopped giggling, he seemed pretty sure of himself.
Oh, not good. Still couldn’t get in to see Dr. Gallo.
I’m not sick. It’s for work. There’s this doctor who refuses to see any sales reps. I’ve been trying to get in for months.
Well, the doctor’s a woman, but yes, because you never know.
Yeah, they already know I’m a pharmaceutical sales rep.
Uh, denial. See, sweetie, the list goes on and on.
I don’t know. You could talk to her, and maybe if it comes up, you could ask if she’s heard about the drug.
Yeah, no one cares. Did you help me out or not?
You’re only hearing that because I cannot roll my eyes any louder.
And in double-blind studies, Placinex proved extremely effective in treating all kinds of anxiety. Actually, funny story, the boys in the lab were worried about getting FDA approval for Placinex. They started taking it, stopped worrying.
I just meant a question about the drug.
You know, I used to wear tank tops a lot. That was a big selling point.
How can I not sound like his mother when our entire bedroom is filled with Star Wars toys? I mean, have you ever had sex with a stuffed Wookiee watching you?
You know, if anything, he’s turning me into his mother. Before I did pharmaceutical sales, I was an actress. You know, I was pretty good. You know, girl-next-door type, but hot. Doable.
And not only am I Leonard’s mother, but we have this man-child living with us named Sheldon.
Yeah, he’s as real as the fine I get when I use too much toilet paper.
I do. You know, Leonard’s right. Talking to you is really helping.
Okay, if you think it’ll help. Oh, just don’t make it Placinex. I do not need sudden fits of homicidal rage.
I guess I just miss when life was simpler.
Hey, so I saw a movie trailer the other day. How could Batman possibly fight Superman? I mean, isn’t that dumb?
No, no, no, no, no. I’ve seen that movie. It’s called Iron Man.
Ooh, we should watch that next girls’ night.
Sheldon, I cooked you breakfast. I made your bed. I checked your mouth for thrush. You can rub your own chest.
Oh, that could be fun. But just to be clear, you mean a party bus with booze and music, right, not, like, juice boxes and video games?
Oh, Sheldon, you don’t even like it there.
Okay, fine, I accept your apology, now get out.
If we drop them off at a fire station, they have to take them, no questions asked.
Ah, yeah, Grandma by Calvin Klein. You know, the last time I got a hand written letter it was from someone who told me I parked like a blind person.
Constance, are you sure I can’t pour you some wine?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You go ahead. I’ll catch up with you.
Wow. You know, the last time I saw my grandma, the most exciting thing was watching the ash of her cigarette get longer and wondering if it was gonna fall in her pudding.
Yeah, right in there. She ate it and everything.
Hi. Sorry. Sheldon would like to say something to you.
So, you really gonna break up with her?
Well, I have broken up with my fair share of guys. I mean, how many times did I break up with Leonard?
All right, my advice to you is do it at her place so you can leave when you need to, uh, tell the truth, make it quick and be prepared for tears.
An hour? What? That’s crazy. We have a reservation.
All right, well, can’t you, like, slip him some money or something?
Do people like money? Is that what you’re asking?
Now, is that a smart thing to say on a holiday that’s basically national sex night?
This is ridiculous. You know, I’m gonna go talk to the maître d’.
I don’t know. I’m, I’m gonna flirt with him.
Oh, boy, it is crazy in here tonight, huh, Glen?
Yes. Oh, bet your girlfriend is super bummed you had to work tonight. Anyway, look, we have been waiting a while, and I just…
Just shut up, Glen. Come on, let’s get out of here.
I was just hungry and cranky, and I’ve never been called ma’am before.
Kind of. When was the first time someone called you sir?
Can you believe when I met you I was 22? I mean, it’s crazy. Where did all that time go?
Yeah, go ahead and make jokes, but your thirties are almost over.
You’re closer to 40 than you are 30.
Yeah. No one wants to see that. Hey, how about skinny dipping at the beach?
Oh, there’s a screening of Moulin Rouge, I heard the crowd sings along and stuff.
Okay, great. Oh, wait. Uh, it’s sold out.
Don’t say anything. act surprised when she tells you. All right, how you want to do this?
No, no, come on. Come on, you’re not gonna get fat. You’re gonna be beautiful and glowing and, and have the cutest little baby bump ever.
Oh, that’s all right. All I heard was skinny.
Yeah, I’m sure it was just the initial shock of it all.
Okay, look, we don’t have to go anywhere. We can just, you know, stay here and hang out in the hot tub.
Yeah, yeah, you get to buy toys and little clothes.
And whenever you’re hungry, you’ll be in a minivan with Cheerios all over the floor.
Oh, come on, we’re all grown-ups. We’ve all done it.
Wait, I remember that. Hang on. You did it at our place?
No, we’re a team. If you can’t go in, we’re not going in.
Okay, it’s not like she’s got the Christ child in there, all right? (Checking text) Oh. It’s Leonard. He says Sheldon’s drunk and they’re gonna do karaoke if we want to join them.
Yeah, yeah. I was a little surprised when you decided to beat-box.
Well, I am so happy for Howard and Bernadette.
Babies? Well, I’m not in a rush but someday, yeah, sure. What about you?
On the other hand, we might lack a certain maturity.
W, wait a minute. You mention his birthday and he vanishes?
Yeah, what is the problem? Is it about getting older?
You know, if you had a party now, you have plenty of friends that would love to come.
Thank you so much for helping us, Stuart.
Okay, sweetie, we’re on the clock here. Can you hate yourself and frost at the same time?
You know, to be fair, we did get married in Vegas and didn’t invite her.
Okay, this is ridiculous. (Knocking) Sheldon? Can I come in?
Because you e-mail me your bathroom schedule once a week, even though I’ve clicked unsubscribe, like, a thousand times. So, what’s going on?
I get that. Hey, you want to just bring a few people in here? You know, Wil Wheaton in the bathtub, Batman on the toilet. It’ll be like the weirdest Comic-Con ever.
Oh, pl, you’re not ruining it. Look, at some point, Raj will try to get everyone to do the Electric Slide. Now, that will ruin it.
That’s fine. You know, I hate that your sister and her friends used to torture you. But what I hate even more is, if I was there, I would have tortured you, too.
My point is, there was a time I never would’ve been friends with someone like you, and now you are one of my favourite people. So, if what you need is to spend your birthday in a bathroom, I’m happy to do it with you.
Sweetie, you are weird. Everyone knows you’re weird, but they’re all still here because they care about you so much.
Okay, everybody, Sheldon is gonna come back out, but I think he’s a little embarrassed, so let’s all be extra nice, okay?
Oh, wait, wait, wait. Stuart didn’t get to speak.
Okay, while they get the cake, Sheldon, I just want to say, I hope you didn’t think you were gonna get through tonight without a hug.
But now you’ll be able to make your own milk to eat the cookies with.
Raj, I got you this before we split up, but couldn’t return it and thought you’d like to have it. Happy belated Valentine’s Day, Emily.
Nice, or is she trying to manipulate him?
I know one way to find out. Sniff this.
See, she’s trying to get you back. Now, that is exactly what I would’ve gotten you if I had any idea what it is or what you do.
Yeah, yeah, and beauty’s on the inside, size doesn’t matter, how much she spend?
Okay, so, she drops off a five hundred dollar gift and she’s not trying to get back together with you?
Okay, answer it. Just be strong. And if she starts to cry, don’t make any promises. And most importantly, put it on speaker so we can hear.
I know, but you did it. I’m so proud of you.
Ooh. You’re gonna make out so hard tonight.
If you guys would shut up, I could tell you. Oh. Be cool, be cool, be cool.
You know what, hang on. What if Sheldon had no choice but to be respectful?
No. What I’m saying is you could add a clause to the contract that he can’t make fun of Howard.
Wait, wait, wait. What are these changes on page six?
Yup, so we brought you some lunch and we are gonna go look for ’em.
Is there anything we can do to help?
Wow, really? Called my bluff. All righty then.
Hey, wouldn’t it be funny if after all your years of hard work, I’m the one who makes a scientific breakthrough? He doesn’t think that’s funny.
How can you call yourself a scientist and run out of solder?
Honey, honey, honey, let me stop you. That is, is not a funny story.
Yeah, you guys run to the store and let the women handle the science for a change.
I mean, it’s crazy, isn’t it? I moved here from Nebraska to be an actress, and now I’m sitting in an engineering lab at Caltech helping to build a prototype for a high-tech guidance system.
Oh, they went to the store to get solder, which is metal you melt to make science things.
You were home alone and had no one to play with?
No. You know what? Don’t. Don’t. Let’s let them think they’re getting away with it.
All right, how are we gonna play this when they return?
Sweetie, I know you think jokes like that are funny, but do you really think you could handle making out with both of us?
Yeah. You know, I want to be upset, but we did kind of have fun working on the prototype.
All right, look, I’m sorry I said I was okay with everything before we got married. I hate that we’re going through this, but I don’t know what to do.
Okay, when I’m done with him, I’m gonna need more information.
Okay, look, I might be overreacting, but how am I supposed to get past this when I know tomorrow you’re gonna go to work and see this woman?
No, but now that you’re being weird about it, maybe I should.
No, I just want to know that when you’re at work, there’s nothing going on.
Yeah, well, maybe she has interest in you.
I guess my big problem is I never saw Leonard as the kind of guy who would do something like this.
You know, I fell in love with Leonard because he wasn’t anything like the guys I was used to dating. I mean, I knew those guys weren’t above cheating because that’s usually how we met.
I want to believe you. I really do. Am I being naive?
You know, he never would’ve done this when we first met. He’s cockier now.
So, you said you had something to tell me.
Okay, that is the lamest excuse you could’ve possibly come up with. But I get it.
Yeah. Yeah, sometimes I worry you’re gonna wake up and leave me for someone more like you.
You know what I mean. And, you know, maybe the way I’ve been reacting was me sabotaging this, too.
Oh. Oh, my God, that is the most beautiful thing anyone’s ever said to me.
Oh, damn it, you topped it. Should we go to the bedroom and make this marriage official?
Sheldon, I can’t believe you got us a wedding gift.
Oh, no, no, I just, I said, Whee.
Okay, if that’s true, why aren’t there more genius squirrels?
You know, there’s a cabin in Big Bear that a doctor I work with keeps offering me.
Uh, what, what you got goin’ on here?
I can see that. What team did you get?
Well, she is taking me to an Indigo Girls concert, so hold that thought.
You know, we could still go. A little rain isn’t gonna kill us.
Hey, you guys want to play a drinking game?
All right, it’s called Never Have I Ever. The rules are simple. Someone says something they’ve never done, but if you have done it, you take a drink.
Okay. Calm down. I’ll go first. All right, let’s see. Never have I ever…
Very funny. Okay, never have I ever… yeah, you know what? Let’s just circle back.
Fine, is that how you want to play this? All right, never have I ever come up with a nickname for my own genitals.
I can’t believe this. You realize I make more money than you?
How long have you had this secret account?
My God, Leonard, do you know what I could do with that kind of money?
What good is it if you don’t use it?
Well, I have a secret I’ve been keeping from you, too.
Because I don’t feel good flirting with doctors for sales. I mean, I know I make a lot of money. But I haven’t been happy for a while.
Because I know how important it is to you that I’m having some success.
Okay, really? So you’d be fine if I went back to acting and waiting tables again?
Well, it’s not what I want to do.
Doesn’t matter what I want. Look, this job is gonna get me out of debt. So I’m gonna do the grown-up thing and see it through.
Well, why the hell did I memorize the Pledge?
Well, why are you fighting him on this?
Well, I will still come to your meeting.
Because it’s important to him, and when we signed the roommate agreement, we made a deal.
Mm, I think so. Dragons, snow zombies, and all the hot guys are dead.
If it’s because you lost a stick, I know where it went.
You know you’re gonna make up with him. Can we just skip to that part?
All right, you would think the only adult wouldn’t let something silly ruin our entire night.
Oh, he’s all bent out of shape about having a roommate agreement meeting.
Come on, Sheldon, we’ll watch Game of Thrones over here.
Leonard’s being a jerk, so we’re gonna watch over here.
Ugh. Amy, why did you tell him that?
Okay, well, that was murder, this was an accident.
Is he still wearing the Batman suit under the Man-Bat suit?
Oh, hey, if you guys are free this weekend, I won a night of wine tasting from work.
All right, well, let me know if you guys want to go.
Yeah, give her a break from, well, come on.
Hey, are you still hanging out with Bernadette tonight?
No honey baked ham in a hot tub, got it.
E equals MC squared. Yeah. E is for energy, M for mass, and C for the speed of light.
Oh, Leonard mumbles it when he wants sex to last longer.
Uh, you know, I’m not really around that much. Amy knows much more than I do.
Oh, that’s a Venn Diagram, and I remember because I thought to myself, venn is he gonna stop talking about this diagram?
You really want me to pick up your mother all by myself?
Or a way for you to avoid her?
Fine, if you really want me to, I will pick your mom up.
Yeah, you know what, she is my mother-in-law, and I’d like for us to have a good relationship.
Wow. Didn’t even make it out of the parking lot. Uh, you know what, enough about Leonard. Let’s talk about you. What would you like to do while you’re here?
Well, I’d actually like for us to be close, but maybe we start with our favourite books and work our way up to my husband’s sex organs.
Uh, for starters, maybe you can not psychoanalyze everything I say?
Oh. Sorry. Didn’t know you made those. Hey, listen, what if we have a little mother-in-law, daughter-in-law dinner tonight?
Or I invite a few girlfriends, ’cause hearing you say the two of us just sent a chill right down my spine.
You know, she’s my mother-in-law. Why can’t I bond with her like that?
You know, being in a relationship with Leonard also comes with its challenges.
How long have I had spinach in my teeth?
Okay, you know what? This is ridiculous. I’ve been trying to make a connection with you all day, and clearly I’m getting nowhere.
What I was seeking was some sort of friendship. But at this point, I’ll take you not insulting me to my face.
You’ve been doing it all day. Do you even know what an insult is?
To be honest, I’m surprised you cared about the wedding at all.
Thank you. So if we would have asked you to come to Vegas to see us get married, you would’ve come?
Wow. Okay. Well, um, how about this? Maybe while you’re still in town, Leonard and I could have another small ceremony. You know, if you’re interested.
She would find it perfectly acceptable. You guys saw it. We bonded.
Ugh, I should’ve never bought him that colouring book that explains Black History Month.
Uh, you know, it started a little rocky, but I think we got to a good place.
Yeah, and when I dropped her off at the hotel, she even gave me a hug.
No problem. Um, so listen, I don’t know if you have any plans next weekend, but I kind of promised your mom we’d have another wedding ceremony so she could attend this time.
Yeah, kind of, but now we can invite our friends and family.
Come on, it’ll be fun, and, you know, your mom was genuinely hurt we didn’t invite her to the first one.
Leonard, come on, she’s your mom. If we can do something to make her happy, why wouldn’t we?
Hey, look, then forget about her, let’s do it for us. We could keep it small and informal. This time we can invite our families.
Oh, you have to invite him. I haven’t seen him since the divorce.
Well, then it’s settled. Yay. So funny. I never thought my second marriage would be to you.
Okay, so it’s not a legal ceremony, it’s just a chance for us to redo our vows so everyone can be part of it.
Okay, wait, you’re inviting people to our wedding?
Okay, fine, but why would you invite him to our wedding?
Yeah, I’m also doing it for Leonard. I think this could really help their relationship.
Uh, who’s hungry? We have a reservation at the best restaurant in town.
You know, Beverly, I know you and Alfred have your differences, but if you think about it, if you hadn’t married him, there’d be no Leonard. So that’s good, right?
Well, why is he turning here? The restaurant’s the other way.
You know what, flash your lights. Let him know it’s you.
Yeah, I’m gonna call Bernadette and see what’s keeping them.
Um, if, if we want to order the soufflé, we might want to get on that.
Nah, if I want to see a naked dancing man, I just flush the toilet while Leonard’s in the shower.
You really didn’t have to, whoa! That is anatomic.
Oh, yeah, right. Lock up your daughters or Sheldon might lecture them about the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Oh, it’s good. I just wish Leonard would work up the courage to tell Sheldon he’s moving in here.
We are. I mean, he sleeps here. But it’s only a matter of time before Sheldon has a bad dream and tries to climb into bed with the Leonard-shaped pile of pillows.
You know, it is normal to want to change your look after a breakup.
No. All you need is a needle and an ice cube. I’ve done it, like, a dozen times.
Oh, come on. I’ll be gentle. Let me take your ear virginity.
Uh, no, not yet. There’s still a few people I haven’t told personally.
Oh, just my parents and my entire family.
Well, I don’t want to hurt my dad. You know, he always wanted to dance with his daughter at her wedding.
They started to, then her water broke. You know, if he finds out we eloped, it’s gonna break his heart.
Well, not necessarily. You know, Dad’s not getting any younger, so if I wait long enough, I’ll just tell him he walked me down the aisle and it was magical.
I’m starting to see why you and your mom aren’t very close.
You’re not gonna let this go, are you?
Fine, you want me to call? I’ll call. Why am I so nervous?
Yeah? How did it go? Did she make you crawl into the breaking-up drawer?
You’ve been giving me a hard time and you haven’t even told your mom about Sheldon?
Fine. I’m calling home, but when I’m done, you’re calling your mother.
Okay, I’ll talk to her later. Uh, Dad, there’s something I need to tell you. Leonard and I got married.
Last week. I’m sorry, I should’ve told you. It was a spur of the moment thing. I feel terrible. Please don’t be too disappointed.
Aw, thank you, Daddy. That means so much.
Before I made that call, my pig was alive and happy and rolling around in the mud. Now he’s illegally buried in our backyard next to my great-grandmother.
No. He was a beloved member of the family.
It’s not funny. You’re up. Call your mother.
Okay, just give me that. Amy broke up with Sheldon, she got her ears pierced and she made us eat penis cookies. Hang on. She wants to talk to you.
If it makes you feel any better, I pierced Amy’s ears and her mom made her sit in my closet.
My dad killed my pig with his tractor.
Uh, well, honey, you know, now that Leonard and I are married, it kind of makes sense that we actually live together.
Sheldon, please, we already feel bad about this.
I’m proud of you. You’re taking this really well.
Well, honey, you don’t live with Sheldon any more. You can have anything you want.
Hey, we’re going to dinner. You want to come?
Hang on. Wait, you actually think it’s 2003?
Well, come on, he’s a grown man in his 30s pretending to be a grown man in his 20s. He’s fine.
What else can you do? Move back in with him?
Well, so do I, but don’t you want to live with your wife and set the thermostat to whatever you want and have your body tell you when it’s time to go to the bathroom, you know, not a schedule slipped underneath your door every morning?
Okay, look, we don’t need to rush into anything. All right? Maybe instead of Leonard moving in with me, we just leave things the way they are, and sometimes we’ll sleep over there, and sometimes we’ll sleep over here.
Well, it’s not forever. It’s just for a while. If you want, we can think of him like he’s our dog.
Yeah, I think it’s great you guys want to get more exercise, but do you really think sports is the right choice for you?
Okay, Leonard, sweetheart, you twisted your ankle playing Scrabble.
All right, well, what have you tried so far?
Hey, have you read the online reviews for this place?
All right, well, Heather H says, the owner stared at me the whole time and didn’t blink once. Kelly M says, the creepy guy who runs it asked me out, then called himself stupid before I could say no. Jessica K says, I told the weird owner that I liked his shirt. He took it off and gave it to me.
Well, you’re talking to us now. I mean, you don’t seem nervous.
Okay. Don’t be offended, but, what went wrong with you?
Well, he knew he was on the breast cam.
I told you things would change if you plucked your eyebrows.
All right, well, what happens if you imagine him naked?
So is she, like, homeless, or framing him for a crime?
Oh, which one? Maybe we can get Amy to try it.
Oh, and if you lose the game, you have to go out with Stuart.
Wow. So how many girls have you met?
Oh, come on, just let him put the app on your phone.
Okay, let me see. Nope, nope, nope, oh, he’s cute.
Okay, here we go. Now everyone can see. All right. Where do we stand on cross-eyed Mike?
Well if he’s good in bed, she can throw him a fish.
Okay, does everyone remember the rules? If he’s shirtless, one sip. Posing with a pet, two sips. Pet and shirtless, chug like it’s your job. And pull.
You went on a date last night? Are you seeing someone?
I can’t believe you’re seeing someone and we don’t even know about it.
Does the study say what happens to the unpopular kids?
Yes. Don’t take your shirt off just because the director said so.
And I’m laughing like I did the first time I heard it.
Aw. When he says things like that, I just want to hug him and make everything better.
Hi. Look at that. I’m in a movie, my shirt stayed on.
Oh, my God. We’ve done things on that couch.
Okay, enough about the napkin. What else you hiding in there?
Okay, back to the ring. Does Amy even know about this?
All right, fine. Well, Sheldon, I’m no expert, but aren’t you completely missing the point of Spock? I mean, he liked to act like he had no emotions, but he was still half human.
I’m just saying, you pretend you don’t, but you have feelings just like everybody else.
I can’t believe Sheldon was gonna ask Amy to marry him.
I think it’s so adorable you’re making Sheldon breakfast.
Aren’t you worried you’re making French toast on oatmeal day?
And you don’t want to make the same mistake with the next woman.
Don’t take advice from a man who threw his shoe at a crow.
Uh, I don’t think any of your comfort zones are showing.
No one ever bought me drinks at a bar because my brain just popped out of my shirt.
Well, we’re your best friends, give us one more detail and we promise we’ll leave you alone.
All right, where is tall British Dave taking you?
Good luck. I threw out all my tall ones when I married Leonard.
We don’t even know what time they’re gonna be there.
Oh, I forgot to tell you, we’re gonna meet up with Bernadette to spy on Amy and her date.
What, and you think I want to see a documentary about aluminium can recycling?
No, it’s the movie your wife doesn’t want you to see.
But you’re curious about aluminium cans? You’re a weird little guy.
Oh, damn it, we should have brought binoculars.
What, now you’re interested? You didn’t even want to come.
What? Here, give me, give me. Oh, my God. Oh, my God, they’re coming right towards us.
Yeah, Leonard and I are gonna be cooking all day.
Look at us. Our first Thanksgiving as husband and wife.
I’m not gonna say your password out loud. That is not secure.
Oh, look at us. Our last Thanksgiving as husband and wife.
Fine. You think you know so much. Who’s my favourite Spice Girl?
Hang on. Wait, wait. Why don’t I like the lingerie you got me?
No. I never told anyone that. But I did write it in my journal.
I also know your voice gets higher when you’re lying.
How can reading my journal be an accident?
Well, when you realized what it was, why didn’t you stop?
Oh, God. Stop. I don’t want you to read something you think’ll just butter me up. I want to hear the most recent thing you wrote.
OMG. OMG. We’re so close to the new Star Wars. I can’t take it. Gah. Gah?
Hey. Where’d you go? I can’t tell if the turkey’s done.
I am not putting that on the Internet. I don’t want people to see this. I don’t want to see it.
Well, I’ve never been friends with any of my exes.
