Excuse me. I’m Amy Farrah Fowler. You’re Sheldon Cooper.
If that was slang, I’m unfamiliar with it. If it was literal, I share your aversion to soiled hosiery. In any case, I’m here because my mother and I have agreed that I will date at least once a year.
I don’t object to the concept of a deity, but I’m baffled by the notion of one that takes attendance.
Noted. Now, before this goes any further, you should know that all forms of physical contact up to and including coitus are off the table.
Hmm. Would have been more flattered if you were a homosexual.
Once a year. It’s a deal I made with my mother in exchange for her silence on the matter, as well as the occasional use of her George Foreman Grill that seals in the flavour without the fat. How about you, Penny? Do you go on many dates?
Remarkable. Did you have sexual intercourse with all of these men?
This is very interesting. Cultural perceptions are subjective. Penny, to your mind, are you a slut?
Does volunteering for a scientific experiment in which orgasm was achieved by electronically stimulating the pleasure centres of the brain count?
Did you know that the iconic Valentine’s heart shape is not actually based on the shape of a human heart, but rather on the shape of the buttocks of a female bending over?
I’m often flummoxed by current slang. Does went out mean had intercourse?
I’m suddenly feeling flushed. My heart rate is elevated, my palms are clammy, my mouth is dry. In addition, I keep involuntarily saying hoo.
It’s no mystery. I obviously have the flu coupled with sudden-onset Tourette’s syndrome.
It’s too thin if I were making a foot-long brain sandwich at Quiznos. For examination under a two-photon microscope, it’s fine.
Very well. If you die and donate your body to science, I promise to slice your brain like Canadian bacon.
Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to take my temperature.
No, I experienced some distressing symptoms last night, so I’m checking my vital signs every hour.
Elevated heart rate, moist palms, dry mouth and localized vascular throbbing.
I was sitting in a restaurant with Penny and Bernadette, drinking water, carbonated as it was a special occasion. Penny’s friend Zack stopped by and said hello and I said hoo.
I’m not saying hoo now. I said hoo last night.
There was no question. I simply said hoo.
Where would I have picked up an alien parasite?
My blood work shows thyroid function normal. Cortisol levels normal.
I think we need to face the cold, hard truth, I was sexually aroused by Penny’s friend Zack.
Let’s look at this logically. I have a stomach, I get hungry. I have genitals, I have the potential for sexual arousal.
Are you suggesting we live our lives guided by the philosophies found in cheap science fiction?
Is it possible that your concern for me at this moment is motivated by nothing more than simple jealousy?
You reject it because you don’t feel jealousy, or because you are suppressing jealousy?
That’s not your lunch, Sheldon, those are the cadaver brain specimens.
It’s not what I want to do, it’s what I have to do.
Excuse me? Zack? I am Amy Farrah Fowler. We met the other night. I have spent my life in pursuit of pure knowledge. Until I met you, my decisions were founded in logic and reason. And yet here I stand before you, 130 pounds of raging estrogen, longing to grab hold of your gluteus maximus and make Shakespeare’s metaphorical beast with two backs.
On the other hand, as I look at the blank, ape-like expression on your face, I have decided to adopt the Vulcan practice of Kolinar. Good-bye, Zack.
Penny, a moment? Do you have plans this weekend?
That’s too bad. I was hoping you could be my plus-one at the Institute of Interdisciplinary Studies’ symposium on the impact of current scientific research on societal interactions.
Shame. Since you’re my best friend, I thought it would be a good bonding opportunity.
Do you know anybody else who would appreciate an all-expense-paid spa weekend at a four-star resort in Big Sur?
All right. I just want to establish boundaries.
That does seem to be a valid principle.
Yes! He had you in the other car, but I got you upgraded.
No, we discussed it. We decided we didn’t want to jeopardize our relationship by getting to know each other too well.
Don’t worry, Penny. You’re my plus-one. You’ll bunk with me. And FYI, travel makes me constipated, so I’m the ideal hotel roommate.
Are you usually radioactive when found in nature?
Do you subscribe to the Freudian theory of penis envy?
Sometimes I think it might be nice to have one.
Not for sex, for convenience. You can’t deny that, by comparison, our internal plumbing is extremely high maintenance.
Not necessary. Penny and I are perfectly comfortable sharing a bed.
Word of warning, though. I’m prone to night terrors, so if I wake up kicking and screaming, don’t panic. Just pin me down and stroke my hair, and I’ll be fine.
Are we talking about women wanting penises? Because I’d like to weigh in.
Are you bothered by the fact that your former girlfriend left the symposium with what is probably the most beautiful man I’ve ever seen in my life?
Not even when I do this? (Pretends to be a fish)
Well, that was the last arrow in my quiver of whimsy.
If this humiliating experience is really troubling you, there are things we could do about it.
Well, the first thing that comes to mind is isolating the part of your brain where the memory is stored and destroying it with a laser.
All right. Have you considered improving your socialization skills, thus allowing you to communicate more effectively with other people?
Fair enough, but in its essence, teaching is a performance art. In the classroom paradigm, the teacher has the responsibility to communicate, as well as entertain and engage.
Sheldon, like it or not, until you manage to upload your intelligence into a self-sustaining orbiting satellite, equipped with high-speed Internet and a cloaking device, you will be dependent on other members of the human race.
I’m not finished. All scientists have to fund-raise, Sheldon. How do you think I paid for my lab?
Technically, Faisal is my fiance. But I do have a state-of-the-art two-photon microscope and a place to stay in Riyadh for the winter.
And consider this, without you to make the case for the physics department, the task will fall to people like Leonard and Rajesh.
Well, then prepare to be terrified. If your friends are unconvincing, this year’s donations might go to, say, the geology department.
Or worse, it could go to the liberal arts.
Millions of dollars being showered on poets, literary theorists and students of gender studies.
To comfort you, of course. Sheldon told me about Leonard dating Rajesh’s sister. So I high-tailed it over here to pick up the pieces of your broken heart.
You don’t have to be strong for me. Now let’s talk about Priya, that man-stealing bitch.
In situations like this, best girlfriends are often catty about the other woman. Rawr.
Oh. Then perhaps you don’t understand what’s going on. Your former boyfriend has replaced you with what appears to be a very suitable mate. Arguably much more suitable than you.
Well, granted, Penny, your secondary sexual characteristics are reasonably bodacious. But Priya is highly educated, she’s an accomplished professional, and she comes from the culture that literally wrote the book on neat ways to have sex. Whereas you, on the other hand, are a community college dropout who comes from the culture that wrote the book on tipping cows.
This is a portable electroencephalogram. I’m doing research on emotions and brain activity. So when you start crying, I can see which region of the brain is activated. Then I’m going to stimulate the analogous area in the brain of a rhesus monkey and see if he cries. Cool, huh?
I’m regretting my earlier cattiness. She is an absolute delight.
I just wanted to check in on you.
It seems like the appropriate thing to do when one’s best friend finds herself replaced by a smart, beautiful woman with the smouldering sexuality of a crouched Bengal tiger.
Now, let’s get these electrodes attached and see what’s going on in that pretty little noggin of yours.
Fine. From this angle, I can see up your nose.
Penny, I’m sorry you got dragged into this. I know you’re devastated that your ex-boyfriend has found an exciting new lover with flawless, caramel-coloured skin.
Sheldon, look at me. I think it’s time to face the fact that Leonard is the nucleus of your social group. Where he goes, the group goes.
I’m not saying that you’re not fun. You’re the most fun person I know.
Don’t be needy, bestie. That’s probably part of what chased Leonard away. What I am saying, Sheldon, is that your group is Leonard-centric. If it were a town, it would be Leonardville. If it were an Islamic nation, Leonardstan. If it were the birthplace of motion pictures, we’d all be singing Hooray for Leonardwood.
Parenthetical, the term kidnap is being used playfully.
Good. Now put this pillowcase over your head.
She used to be much more fun, until Leonard punched her in the heart.
You do understand that it will distract you from obsessing over the rich variety of sweet loving that your ex-boyfriend is currently receiving from the fiery jewel of Mumbai.
If you’d have let me bring the chloroform, we wouldn’t have had to put up with all this jibber-jabber.
Yes, perhaps somewhere packed tightly with young, beautiful bodies sweating and writhing against each other in a glorious orgy of the flesh.
That should display enough of your bosom to attract a new mate, or a hungry infant.
You know, if being on your own is new to you, I’d be happy to share some tension-relieving techniques for ladies I’ve perfected over the years. For example, do you have an electric toothbrush?
It appears to be something preserved between two pieces of acrylic.
Saying that while holding a snowflake is a little bit heavy-handed, don’t you think?
Outstanding. And if we fail, we can always stop at CVS and pick you out a nice toothbrush. I call mine Gerard.
Ah, here’s the alcohol and drug peer pressure Mother warned me about. I was starting to think it was never going to happen. Yes, please.
This may be the alcohol talking, but I believe there is. Are you familiar with the recent study of Tanzanian chimpanzees by Nishida and Hosaka out of Kyoto University?
Primates, such as ourselves, have a natural instinct to ostracize ill-mannered members of the troop. Bernadette’s urge to shun, scowl or fling her waste at Priya is hard-wired into her DNA.
Believe me, it’s there, we all have it. Hit me with some more booze, and I’ll show you.
Four women walk down the stairs, how many reach the lobby?
I’m glad you talked me into this. We work so hard, sometimes, it’s nice to goof off and do something silly.
Say, I heard an interesting tidbit about Howard and Bernadette.
Now, now. Evolutionary biologist Robin Dunbar has identified gossip as an aid to social bonding in large groups.
What if he’s right? And by not participating in gossip, society breaks down into small feral bands of tattooed motorcycle riders fighting to the death over the last few cans of tuna fish?
Bernadette is thinking about breaking up with Howard.
Did I tell you our lab got a grant to study addiction?
Fascinating work. I recently trained a capuchin monkey to smoke cigarettes.
Yes. He looks much cooler than the non-smoking monkeys. Although it’s not much of a contest. The other monkeys just sit around and masturbate.
I don’t understand. The original piece of gossip indicated an impending breakup.
It’s not surprising that the story has captured the attention of our little circle of friends. Are you familiar with meme theory?
Meme theory suggests that items of gossip are like living things that seek to reproduce using humans as their host.
Do you have any ethical qualms regarding human experimentation?
We need to fabricate a tantalizing piece of gossip.
Then we’ll track its progress through our social group and interpret the results through the competing academic prisms of memetic theory, algebraic gossip and epidemiology.
Sheldon and I engaged in sexual intercourse. In other news, I’m thinking of starting an herb garden. Mum’s the word. Gotta go.
Agreed. It appears the rate of gossip transmission is proportional to the number of nodes squared.
Slow down, Sheldon. I’m not quite there yet.
Bernadette just asked about my sexual encounter with you. The meme has reached full penetration.
I should let you know that she asked for details about our dalliance.
Not important. I described your lovemaking as aloof, but effective.
Yes, not important. Just stopped by to let you know I’m getting orthotics. Also, I’m carrying Sheldon’s baby. Mum’s the word.
Wow. Is there anything on there about orthotics?
Why did you bring him? He’s harshing my buzz.
And that opens her up To justifiable ridicule for wearing them. Good one, Bernadette. See? Ker-razy.
Oh, I’m not confused at all. You’re like a sexy toddler.
Oh, blah, blah, blah. Give me some sugar, bestie (kisses Penny).
How come if we’re the smart people, we don’t do this every night?
Would you like to come in for a nightcap?
Don’t be silly. He’s one of the animals in my department’s nicotine addiction study.
I’m giving him emphysema. The least I can do is let him hang out and watch cable.
A little. The real danger is him biting my face off while I’m sleeping.
Of course. What’s rattling around that big bulbous brain of yours?
And you want me to kill her? Done.
I trained Ricky how to smoke. I can train him to shoot a poison dart. No jury would convict us ’cause people love monkeys.
Excuse me. Have you considered that your intelligence might be the very thing causing your dilemma?
What do you think Ricky over here would do if an interloper encroached on his territory?
You’re being too literal. My point is, he would not meekly surrender to the rules, and neither should you.
Yes, dirty. Dirty, dirty, dirty. Which brings me to our next order of business. (Kisses him)
I hope you don’t take what I’m about to do as a comment on what we just did. (Runs to bathroom and vomits)
Yes. I also found a Korean man’s business card tucked into my cleavage. What happened last night?
Okay. Don’t really know where we go from here.
Terrific. Thank you. (Noise of Ricky in background) They were out of menthols! Get off my back! Not easy living with a temperamental little primate.
I must say, Penny, this is great fun.
Until I met you and Bernadette, my trips to the bathroom had been entirely focused on elimination. Now they have a delightful social aspect.
Of course I have. But they were strangers and seemed off-put when I engaged in friendly stall-to-stall chit-chat.
The reason I ask is that many people experience bladder shyness, the inability to pass urine
No, it’s not. It’s a strategic manoeuvre. Leonard’s new girlfriend is testing Bernadette’s loyalty to you and the group. That bitch is crafty.
Of course. How does the cheetah attack a herd of wildebeests? By going after its weakest member.
Your trusting nature coupled with your teeny-tiny body. You wouldn’t last a minute on the Serengeti.
You are, with hair that smells like strawberries. And we’re going to use that to our advantage.
By accepting the invitation, Bernadette becomes a double agent inside the enemy camp. She could ferret out Priya’s tactics, identify her weaknesses and feed her false information, such as, Leonard’s no stranger to back-alley cockfights.
Don’t worry. I’ll teach you. I did two years of Cub Scouts before they found out I was a girl.
How do you feel about concealing a recording device in the cleavage of your ample bosom?
Come on, Strawberries. Take one for the team.
Yeah, yeah. I’m just breaking in some new shoes.
Thank you. Did you know that women wear high heels to make the buttocks and breasts more prominent?
Please, Leonard, don’t leer, you have a girlfriend.
So, are you off to dinner with Priya, Howard and Bernadette?
I heard it at the mall, when I was shopping with my girlfriends, ’cause, you know, that’s kind of my life now. Have a good night. Try not to ogle my caboose as I walk away.
I don’t understand. Is this a way to break in new shoes?
Good news: the wildebeest is in the curry.
Bernadette is with Priya and Leonard. Message received. Commence operation “Priya Wouldn’t Wanna Be-ya.”
I wish. A clique requires friends. I didn’t have any.
I used to take my lunch down to the maintenance room and eat with the janitor. It was nice until his wife called me a puta and made me stop. Hang on. It’s the wildebeest. Priya just made a snide comment about your acting career.
She thinks it’s cool you’re following your dream, no matter what.
Got it. Is it going to be in 3-D?
I’m gonna say 3-D. That’ll let her know the studio has faith in it.
Good golly, Penny, your whimsy is boundless. (Phone rings) What do you got for me, wildebeest?
Calm down. Everything’s going to be okay. (To Penny) We may have to kill her. Bernadette, I’m putting you on speakerphone. Where are you now?
Oh, look at this, another one of our classic bathroom gabfests. What’s the problem?
I texted architect. That’s amusing. Auto-correct must’ve changed it.
Architect. Where would you have met an astronaut?
I’ll make it simple for you. I study the brain, the organ responsible for Beethoven’s Fifth Symphony. Bernadette studies yeast, the organism responsible for Michelob Lite. Is there something wrong with your neck?
I was proposing you massage your muscles with your own hands.
Trust me. With your right hand, locate the spot where the scapula meets the acromion process.
Now push your third finger along the ridge of the shoulder blade, making a small rotation as you do so.
You should feel a small node-like object rolling back and forth along the bone.
Obviously. Now bear down on it like the seventh grade noogies we all know too well.
Don’t flatter yourself. Your hands are blunt tools guided by my knowledge of the nervous system. I could just as easily have paralyzed you.
In a world where rhinoceroses are domesticated pets, who wins the Second World War?
We postulate an alternate world that differs from ours in one key aspect and then pose questions to each other.
In a world ruled by a giant beaver, mankind builds many dams to please the beaver overlord. The low-lying city of Copenhagen is flooded. Thousands die. Devastated, the Danes never invent their namesake pastry. How does one miss that?
Is he always like this when he loses?
Perhaps it would be kinder to play a game more suited to his abilities. We’ll close our eyes and count to ten while you hide.
Very good, Leonard. But next time, don’t tell us where you’re hiding.
I must take responsibility. I had to stop for feminine hygiene supplies.
Actually, I’m not. In order to avoid surprises, I wear them all the time.
Oh. I don’t like that. Don’t do that.
Well, just recently, I learned that you refer to us as Shamy, and I don’t like that.
Like everybody else’s. Subject to entropy, decay and eventual death. Thank you for asking. Why is she not taking our order?
Really? I assumed an establishment called the Cheesecake Factory would function more efficiently.
You’re right, he’s a festival of humdrum chitchat.
I doubt you’d understand. Sheldon tells me you only have a master’s degree.
I’m curious as to why we’re not eating alone.
I’m sorry, was I being too subtle? I meant compared to the real-world applications of neurobiology, theoretical physics is, what’s the word I’m looking for? Hmm, cute.
I’m stating it outright. Babinski eats Dirac for breakfast and defecates Clarke-Maxwell.
Absolutely not. My colleagues and I are mapping the neurological substrates that subserve global information processing, which is required for all cognitive reasoning, including scientific inquiry, making my research ipso facto prior in the ordo cognoscendi. That means it’s better than his research, and by extension, of course, yours.
Yes, but if I’m successful, I will be able to map and reproduce your thought processes in deriving a grand unified theory, and therefore, subsume your conclusions under my paradigm.
Your mother thinks you might be losing your mind over me. As a neurobiologist, I was curious.
I’ll agree to that only if you’ll stipulate that 80% of our difficulties were caused by you.
I do. I find being cast in the role of bad girl oddly titillating.
I would. I love cats. They’re the epitome of indifference.
From a neurobiological standpoint, Leonard, you may be alone because your psychological state is causing an actual pheromone-based stink of desperation.
I understand that some people find mates in social gathering places such as bars or taverns. Have you tried a bar or tavern?
That’s not true of all bars. Juice bars, for example.
I believe a misunderstanding may have occurred when I asked you to meet my mother.
In what way are you screwed? All I want to do is present you as my boyfriend to my mother so she’ll be satisfied that I’m in a relationship.
Don’t be absurd. I find the notion of romantic love to be an unnecessary cultural construct that adds no value to human relationships.
I trust this clarification allows us to return to boy-slash-friend-slash-girl-slash-friend status.
You wanted me to have a boyfriend, Mother. Well, here he is. Have to sign off now. My hunger for Sheldon is stirring in my loins.
Actually, as the newest member of your social group, I believe I’ll gain more acceptance by arbitrarily siding with your friends from time to time.
Leonard, you’re right. We should enjoy our meal, arrive late, and risk winding up with terrible seats, assuming we get in at all.
No need. Penny and I are very close.
Yes. In fact, our menses are synchronized. Penny. Bernadette tells me you’re planning a girls’ night.
Yes, but they’re not girls. I’m a girl.
So anyway, to make a long story short, turns out I have an unusually firm cervix.
Shame. ‘Cause I have a real zinger about my titled uterus.
A colleague of mine did her graduate thesis on the fungus that grows on improperly sterilized manicure implements. Well don’t tell me that’s not girl talk.
Yes, and continue to bond. I have a feeling that after tonight, one of you will become my best friend forever. Or BFF, if you prefer. Which I don’t.
Oh, good, a slumber party! We’ll do makeovers, initiate phony phone calls, and have spirited pillow fights in our frilly nighties!
Well, that’s disappointing. I’ve always wanted to be invited to a slumber party.
Well, there was the time I had my tonsils out, and I shared a room with a little Vietnamese girl. She didn’t make it through the night, but up till then, it was kind of fun.
My nails have never looked so pretty before. Get it off.
I’m not sure I grasp the full entertainment value, but all right. Next on Wikipedia’s list of slumber party activities, Truth or Dare.
Hang on. I’m familiarizing myself with the rules. Seems fairly straightforward. Bernadette, truth or dare?
All right. To what temperature must you heat beef in order to kill the prion that causes bovine spongiform encephalopathy?
Oh. All right. What is the circumference of your areolas?
And Absolon hath kist hir nether yea, and Nicholas is scalded in the towte. This tale is doon, and God save al the rowte.”
Bernadette dared me to tell a dirty story. The Miller’s Tale by Chaucer is the dirtiest story I know. It would have been hidden in sock drawers if people in the 14th century had worn socks.
You might not like it as much if you knew what nether yea meant. Hint, if one cares about hygiene, one ought not be kissing it.
Oh, that’s an excellent question. For two people who claim to be no longer pair-bonded, you spend an inordinate amount of time in each other’s company.
I don’t believe the rules allow for an ex post facto option change.
Then, why did you terminate your relationship with him?
Interesting. How will you react if, in the future, you become ready for it, and Leonard is unavailable, because another woman has realized that he is, to use your words, a great guy?
Well, I’m not sure how this is scored, but I believe we may have won.
Clearly, losing Truth or Dare upset her. Perhaps we should try to take her mind off it with another popular slumber party activity.
Well, the Internet suggests that slumber party guests often engage in harmless experimentation with lesbianism.
Keeping accurate track of your alcohol intake. Smart idea considering how trampy you get when you’ve had a few.
Don’t be so hard on yourself. Do you know the story of Catherine the Great?
She ruled Russia in the late seventeen hundreds, and one night, when she was feeling particularly randy, she used an intricate system of pulleys to have intimate relations with a horse.
She engaged in interspecies hanky-panky, and people still call her great. I’m sure your reputation can survive you shagging a little Indian boy.
You can’t blame yourself. When your prefrontal cortex fails to make you happy, promiscuity rewards you with the needed flood of dopamine. We neurobiologists refer to this as the skank reflex.
We’ll make popcorn, stay up all night and I’ll teach you my secret language, Op.
No, you’re not. You’re gonna Pop A Cop Kop A Bop A Gop.
Ninety-nine, one hundred. It’s like a waterfall of liquid gold. My turn.
Oh, I could so see you being the face of haemorrhoids.
For the first time ever, I have a thriving social life. And no pressure, but it kind of lives and dies with you.
A guest in my trundle bed and a boy at my door? I wish I could tell 13-year-old me it does get better.
I’ll take your stuff to the bedroom and clear out a drawer.
No problem. Try and keep it in your pants, okay?
Sheldon, I’m disappointed. As a brilliant man, you’re entitled to a vice. I could understand frequenting an opium den or hunting your fellow man for sport. But this? Lame-o.
A comic that depicts a woman whose bosom can’t be used as a floatation device.
Excuse me. I’ve passed many an enjoyable evening playing this game. And I’m sure it’s a lot more exciting when you play with other people. What do you say, bestie? We can do shirts and skins. I’m shirts. Called it.
I don’t know. He’s nice. He’s funny. He has the sallow, drawn countenance associated with an overactive thyroid gland. That’s kind of hot.
I’m sorry this causes you discomfort, but based on the currently established parameters of our relationship, I can put myself in any repellent situation I want.
Interesting. Now try it without the quadruple negative.
Yes, well, thanks for seeing me to my door.
Section 5: Hand-holding. Hand-holding is only allowed under the following circumstances. A: Either party is in danger of falling off a cliff, precipice or ledge. B: Either party is deserving of a hearty handshake after winning a Nobel Prize. C: Moral support during flu shots. Seems a bit restrictive.
What do you want me to do about it?
When Leonard gets back, I’d love to check his serotonin levels. Do you think he’d let me draw a syringe full of his blood?
That’s nothing. In ninth grade, the girls put Rogaine in my hand lotion. Within six months, the nicknames began to fly. I think the one that hurt the most was Gorilla Fingers Fowler.
Come on, no one ever gave anyone mean nicknames or picked on them or put gum in their hairy knuckles so the school nurse had to use peanut butter to get it out?
Who would have thought Fuzzy Fingers Fowler is best friends with a bully?
Shh. That’s how you wind up in a cornfield.
I think your mistake is doing it over the phone. If they could look into your eyes, they’d melt.
Perhaps you could assuage your guilt through altruism. Which word’s tripping you up? Assuage or altruism?
There’s Habitat for Humanity, building houses for the poor.
I don’t think Mother Teresa… Oh, that is adorable.
Check it out, Bernadette, suede boots, your size.
I was gleefully following you to a life of crime, looking forward to the day we might be cell mates. I don’t know about Bernadette.
Oh, yes. Our relationship agreement specifies that the second Thursday of every month, or the third Thursday in a month with five Thursdays, is date night.
Sounds like you hit the ground running. I have a bit of good news myself. My most recent paper on how a cooperative long-term potentiation can map memory sequences in dendritic branches made the cover of Neuron.
That’s nice. Anyway, I’ve been dreaming of this day for a long time.
Sheldon, I’m the sole author on a paper being published in a distinguished journal that may change the course of my field.
Give me a minute. I’m gonna go wash up.
Well, I don’t want to talk to him. And I’m pretty disappointed in you, too. Although we both know that won’t last.
Jewellery? Seriously? Sheldon, you are the most shallow, self-centred person I have ever met. Do you really think another transparently manip..oh! It’s a tiara! A tiara! I have a tiara! Put it on me, put it on me, put it on me, put it on me, put it on me, put it on me, put it on me.
Of course I do, I’m a princess, and this is my tiara!
Which is why the more intelligent the monkey, the more faeces they fling.
How come you never invite Sheldon and me on a double date?
You just can’t handle her raw sexuality, can you?
Maybe he’s dying. That would be so romantic.
Too bad. If he were, she could just throw him in bed and ride him right up until he flatlines.
If he were dying, would you sleep with him?
Assuming he were dying of something that couldn’t be sexually transmitted. You know, like a spear wound to the head.
How do you know? Are you a doctor?
Guess it’ll just be Sheldon and me going on a double date with Howard and Bernadette.
Me, too. Out of deference to them, let’s not flaunt our happy relationship.
If you and Leonard get back together, Sheldon and I will finally have someone to go on double dates with.
Fine, we can double with you, too. So insecure.
It’s Ferdinand T. Flag. I thought he might help bring in some younger viewers.
For someone who has a machine that can travel anywhere in time and space, Doctor Who sure does have a thing for modern-day London.
What’s baffling me is what you could’ve possibly put on the list. Hair too golden? Laugh too musical? World too much a better place for her mere presence in it?
Her heart’s full of love, no one cares what’s in her mouth.
I’m sorry, Sheldon, I’m busy. I’m right in the middle of my addiction study. I’ve got a lab full of alcoholic monkeys, and tomorrow’s the day we switch them to O’Doul’s.
This is really happening. I’m gonna be a maid of honour. I’m gonna wear a beautiful dress and walk down that aisle and, finally, I will have my special day.
They’re gonna need an extra-large veil for somebody’s head.
Parental pressure can be daunting. I remember the battle with my mother about shaving my legs. Last year, I finally gave in and let her do it.
You know, the connection between marriage and money is nothing new. In fact, the term wed referred to the money and livestock that the groom paid the bride’s father. For example, you’re adorable, intelligent and a good earner. I could conservatively see you going for at least two oxen and a goose. (To Penny) You would fetch a unicorn.
I’m excited to work with my boyfriend. It’s gonna be romantic.
Come on, Sheldon. We can be like Marie Curie and her husband, Pierre, who spent their days working side by side, bathed in the glow of their love and the radium that ultimately killed her. Screw Beauty and the Beast, that’s the love story Disney should tell.
Oh, I’m gonna be doing some brain stem histology while you put yourself on the business end of a sponge and wash those beakers.
No, I just need those beakers washed. Hippity-hop, quick like a bunny.
Sheldon, you’ve never worked in a lab like this before. You have no experience in the field of biology.
Sheldon, this beaker used to contain cerebral spinal fluid from an elephant that died of syphilis. If it’s, in fact, perfectly clean, drink from it.
All right, perhaps this task will be a little bit more up your alley. I need you to count the bacteria spores on these petri dishes.
Hey, I’ve been training in the field of neurobiology for 12 years. You’ve been here for three hours, and you’ve spent one of them in the bathroom.
Sheldon, I’ve given you the simplest things to do, and you haven’t done one of them right.
Maybe the math was too bubbly for him.
Okay, smart guy. I’m about to remove the locus coeruleus, which is incredibly delicate work. Have at it.
You’re getting warmer, it is, indeed, in the brain. Hope your hands are steady. It’s the width of a single hair. But this is just biology, so I’m sure it’s no problem for a genius like you.
Do you honestly think you can just waltz back in here after the way you behaved yesterday?
You’re forgiven. Now, if you want to stay, get started on those beakers. They’re still dirty from yesterday.
What’s huge is what you’ve done for me.
No, no, before I met you, I was a mousy wallflower. But look at me now. I’m like some kind of downtown hipster party girl. With a posse, a boyfriend and a new lace bra that hooks in the front, of all things. Open it. Open it.
I wanted to get you something you didn’t have.
So, uh, where are you gonna hang it?
My mother didn’t allow me to watch it. She was afraid it might encourage me to join a gang.
I guess I should get going, too. Good night, painting Penny. Good night, real Penny.
You don’t have to say good night to painting Amy, ’cause she’s never leaving.
Why? So you can just take it down when I leave? I don’t need your pity.
I’m just glad I didn’t go for the sculpture.
I’m so humiliated. I sat there the whole time that we were watching Grease, thinking you liked the painting.
I was a fool from Summer Lovin’ to the very last rama lama lama ke ding a de dinga a dong.
Yes, too much. Because our friendship is fundamentally asymmetrical. I clearly like you more than you like me.
I bought you a painting that’s 12 square feet in area. There’s a number.
If you don’t like feet, you can try dollars. The painting set me back three grand.
I’m sorry, I’m just having trouble believing you right now.
Oh, my goodness, how could I have not seen that? The painting is a constant reminder that of the three of us, she is the least cool.
We’re going to go put this painting back up in your apartment.
Oh, screw her. She’s just lucky we let her hang out with us.
I’ll let you in on a little secret.
Originally we were painted nude. But I had him add clothes, ’cause I thought it was an unnecessary challenge to our heterosexuality.
But if you ever change your mind, all it would take is some warm, soapy water and a couple of sponges.
I’m a cowboy, on a steel horse I ride. I’m wanted… I’m wanted… wanted, dead or alive. Sheldon, you’re ruining girlfriend-boyfriend sing-along night.
Well, this isn’t a crisis. Why don’t you just let your hair grow out a little?
Well, I don’t know. I think you might look sexy with long hair. The kind that flows down to your shoulders and blows back while riding on a horse, bareback and bare-chested. I’m gonna go brush my teeth, it might take a while.
He showed up in the middle of the night with his bongos. I foolishly thought it was some sort of musical booty call.
There’s not a hair on my body I wouldn’t let this woman trim.
There’s only so many times a woman can say how about the bed?
Gentlemen, as much as I’m sure Sheldon would enjoy playing intergalactic make-believe, he and I have other plans. We are attending my Aunt Flora’s 93rd birthday party.
She’ll be disappointed if we don’t show up.
No, hang on. I followed all the protocols set forth by you in the relationship agreement. I made a written record request 72 hours in advance. I checked the tyre pressure on the car. I even contacted the Centres For Disease Control to find out what shots they recommend for travel to Orange County. FYI, it’s none.
You gave me your word. You’re coming with me.
I think you’re really going to enjoy yourself today. Not only do you get to meet my relatives, but since my aunt’s nursing home is catering the party, all of the food is incredibly soft. It’s like a vacation for your teeth.
Thank you. That means a lot to me.
Sheldon, my relatives are going to want to talk to you, and you’re going to be sitting there playing a game? Isn’t that a little rude?
You know, if playing that game is more important to you than honouring your commitment to me, and you don’t mind me showing up at a party all by myself after I’ve already told everybody I’ll be bringing somebody, then, fine. Go home and play your game.
I had to go to my aunt’s party all by myself, and everybody was like, where’s this boyfriend you’re always talking about? Is he real, or did you make him up like Armin the miniature horse breeder?
The pretend boyfriend I invented to get my family off my back. It unravelled quickly when I couldn’t answer the question how’d you two meet?
I panicked and said Woodstock. I just wanted to show Sheldon off to my family.
Not just my first boyfriend, he’s the best boyfriend. I mean, think about it. I’m dating Sheldon Cooper.
He’s handsome, he’s lanky, he’s brilliant, and his skin has that pale, waxy quality.
Do you ever worry about Leonard doing that to you?
I don’t think I want to play a game.
Spent a lot of my childhood throwing coins into wishing wells hoping for friends. At a certain point, you start doing trick shots just to keep things interesting.
That’d be my boyfriend. Happier playing his dopey Star Trek game with his friends than hanging out with me.
How do I get him to treat me better?
Our record for sitting in a room together and not speaking to each other is six-and-a half hours. He said it was a magical evening.
I don’t think I’d be good at that.
I’m gonna publicly shame you, and then sit back as societal pressure compels you to modify your behaviour.
And if you don’t start treating me better, I’m leaving you for a miniature horse breeder named Armin.
Five, six, seven, eight. Tall and tan and young and lovely, the girl from Ipanema goes walking, and when she passes, each one she passes goes…
Oh… You are aware that your ritualistic knocking behaviour is symptomatic of obsessive compulsive disorder?
Would you like to hear me play a bossa nova standard on the harp?
How about the theme song to the classic television show Diff’rent Strokes? Now the world don’t move to the beat…
Well, that’s every song I know. What’s up?
Best friends, besties, BFFs, peas in a pod, sisters who would share travelling pants. Go on.
For general educational purposes, or has she acquired a bar stool dipped in cholera?
Sheldon, just because you have a focus on cleanliness bordering on the psychotic doesn’t mean I have to participate.
Kiss me where I’ve never been kissed before.
Will you listen to me play my harp now?
I do appreciate a bargain. This entire ensemble once belonged to my dead grandmother.
Everything except bra and panties. And they’re a leopard-spotted secret I share with Victoria.
I just have one question about the chair.
No, I am your friend. Please don’t be mad at me.
No, no, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry. I take it all back. Look. I’m, uh, I’m sitting in your chair. There’s nothing wrong with it. It’s a great chair. Please let me continue to be part of your world. Ow!
Something in the chair’s biting my tushy. It’s not important. Ow!
All right, pivoting to the big question. Bernadette, on your wedding night you’ll be consummating your marriage. What do you think your first sexual position will be as husband and wife?
Keeping in mind that whoever’s on top may set the tone for the marriage.
Hey, they may conceive a child on their wedding night. Don’t you think the kid might get a kick out of knowing how it happened?
No, it’s not. I’ll explain it to you later.
I’m curious what’s bothering you most, the borderline incest, the prostitute or group sex with the girl dressed as the children’s cartoon?
Perhaps you should give him a taste of his own medicine. Do you have a cousin who you find attractive?
Hey, you introduced him to the sleazebag. I’m just trying to clean up your mess.
Oh, thank God. I’m still a maid of honour. (Joins in the hug)
Tempting choices, but I have something special planned for tonight.
With our friends moving forward in their relationships, I’ve decided that we should make progress in ours as well.
I had a feeling you’d be reluctant, which is why I’m going to dip into my neurobiological bag of tricks.
I have devised an experiment that I believe will increase your feelings for me in an accelerated time frame.
Human beings form emotional attachments as they grow up. In your case, to your mother, superheroes, et cetera. I’m going to attempt an experiment that will get you to transfer those feelings to me.
We’ll see. Let’s start with a little romantic dinner music, shall we?
Fine. There’s no reason we still can’t have a lovely dinner. Why don’t you have a seat.
Oh, I know. I think it will go nicely with what I have prepared for dinner.
I love his eidetic memory, it’s so sexy. Sheldon, what are the ingredients in Pringles?
No, no, no, this is not the wedding I wanted! I want to wear my maid of honour dress and walk down the aisle with a hundred eyes on me, while a string quartet plays The Way You Look Tonight.
Can I wear my maid of honour dress?
It’s all I have left. You’re going to take that from me, too?
Look at all these people in love. It kind of gets you thinking, doesn’t it?
All right, that’s enough. Today is not about you two. Today is about Howard and Bernadette and me.
Excuse me, I’m going to go see if the couple at the front of the line needs a maid of honour.
Oh, my gosh. I can’t believe my maid of honour dress is going to be on Google Earth.
Can’t come in. Bad luck to see the bride.
All right, that’s enough from the both of you.
Well, I’m ending it. Bernadette, I want to thank you for allowing me to be your maid of honour. I also want you to know, that I will be happy to do it again if this marriage craps out.
No, I have no interest in model trains, stores that sell them, nor their heartbreaking clientele.
I can’t imagine that would disturb me. Carry on.
Leonard, please. I don’t need the running commentary.
I was. Now I’m thinking about what I read. You all right, Leonard? You seem very uncomfortable.
Should I go? I’ve been told sometimes I overstay my welcome.
I’m glad to hear you say that, because I’m having a wonderful time. Hmm, I said the same thing to my gynaecologist.
Oh, I’m up all night. I’m like a possum. Boy, you were not liked in high school, were you?
Mm-hmm. Dear Leonard, you’re really good at science. Maybe one day you’ll come up with a cure for being a dork.
If it makes you feel any better, the only person who signed my yearbook was my mother.
Dear Amy, self-respect and a hymen are better than friends and fun. Love, Mom.
Well, I had a delightful evening, Leonard. We should do this again sometime.
Glad to hear it. I need someone to accompany me to the wedding of Dr. Moranelli and Dr. Gustufson this Friday. They’re kind of the Brad and Angelina of the primatology department.
I would, but the last wedding we went to was a disaster. He behaved like a child the entire time.
Doesn’t matter. You’re out, he’s in. No date to the prom, two dates to a wedding. Hmm, how times change.
Not without cutting his head open, no. How about making my eyes like Cleopatra?
Perhaps you’re right. My cheekbones and beckoning pelvis already have a certain hello sailor quality to them.
I got you this to give to me.
I never went to my prom. My mom paid my cousin to take me, but he just used the money to buy drugs.
When you’re done copping a feel, that goes on my wrist.
You’re not exactly winning any trophies as a conversationalist, either.
Why shouldn’t they be? They have a feverish night of socially-approved copulation ahead of them. In some cultures, we’d stand outside of their bedroom cheering as they achieved orgasm.
Leonard, you may not have noticed, but I am being a delight here. And you’re not holding up your end of the evening.
I have a kinda-sorta boyfriend who’s playing with a model train right now, you don’t hear me bitching about it. Leonard, a word of advice, moody self-obsession is only attractive in men who can play guitar and are considerably taller than you.
You have any evidence to support that statement?
Really? Are you willing to draw a moustache on your finger as a conversational icebreaker? I am.
We just had a lovely meal, the band is on fire, and you’re sitting next to a beautiful woman wearing whorish makeup. Why don’t we head outon the dance floor and see if I can sweat through these dress shields.
Don’t worry, I’ll lead. (They do the Birdie Song dance)
The hokey pokey is a young man’s game.
I excel at spatial reasoning, and I had a hunch that the graceful slope of its neck would cradle your genitals nicely.
Good night. (Heads across corridor and knocks on Penny’s door)
Great. Until I accidentally made Leonard fall in love with me.
Wine is one of the reasons I’m in this fix. That and this dang pelvis.
The inevitable, he was lonely and vulnerable from missing his girlfriend, while I was charming, supportive and, let’s face it, in this dress, the perfect combination of Madonna and whore.
No, but it’s only a matter of time. How could I have not seen this coming? Now I’m gonna have to break the little sad sack’s heart.
Oh, Penny, much as I would treasure knowing that the two of us had been defiled by the same man, Leonard just doesn’t get my motor running.
No. I’ll let him have tonight. Then in the morning, I’ll send him an e-mail letting him know this body is never gonna be his wonderland. I mean, frankly, you’ve got a better shot than he does.
Now, I assume we use this same wax later on to neaten up each other’s bikini regions.
Who’s shocked? I’m not. So, Bernadette, how’s the wedding planning going? And I’m not asking as a prospective bridesmaid. Pick me! Pick me!
Homespun stories, knowledge of physics and a bosom that defies it. You’re the whole package, aren’t you?
I don’t understand. What differences does it make if Leonard goes to Wil Wheaton’s party?
Sheldon, I know you’re a bit of a left-handed monkey wrench, but, you really have a mortal enemy?
How did Wil Wheaton get on the list?
It’s not for us to judge. We’re just here to provide comfort and support while you come to grips with what a despicable thing you’ve done.
Sheldon, is it possible that your foul mood, or, to use the clinical term, bitchiness, is because your mother isn’t making you a priority?
Are you sure? The infant-mother pair-bond is the building block of primate psychology.
Sheldon, we’re all animals. And granted, there are aspects of you that are extraordinary, but when it comes to emotions and relationships, you’re just like everybody else.
Actually, some research indicates that by not over-thinking, the less intelligent handle emotions better. (He sneezes again) Sure you’re not coming down with a cold?
Girlfriends, I have the answer to our dress problems.
Twelve years ago, my cousin Irene and her entire family died in a horrific carbon monoxide accident the night before her wedding.
Yes and no. All those bridesmaids dresses remain unused and available to us for free. So it seems that cloud of odourless deadly gas had a silver lining after all. Check it out, still in the bags. The gowns, not the bridesmaids.
Uh, I was hoping you wouldn’t notice. Irene was always a slave to a good bargain when it came to clothes, and sadly as it turned out, space heaters.
Who didn’t? Your skin is like alabaster. Do you even have pores?
Sheldon, sometimes you forget, I’m a lady. And with that comes an oestrogen fuelled need to page through thick glossy magazines that make me hate my body.
Your neurology department loaned me a culture of prions for my research on bovine spongiform encephalopathy.
It’s hard to make degenerative brain maladies hilarious, and yet somehow you do it.
The real fun starts when you get to pick the rat you’re going to feed it to, and maybe you choose the beady-eyed little mother who’s been biting you all week.
Penny and Bernadette went shopping for bridesmaids dresses without me.
It’s just, I thought they liked hanging out with me, but I guess I was fooling myself.
Sheldon, I’m going to ask you something, and I’d like you to keep an open mind.
At this moment, I find myself craving human intimacy and physical contact.
Proposal. One wild night of torrid lovemaking that soothes my soul and inflames my loins.
How about this? French kissing, seven minutes in heaven culminating in second base.
I’m just saying, second base is right there.
Come on, tumour. Come on, tumour, Mama needs an aggressive little glioblastoma. Yay, brain tumour! Probably not the same reaction you had when you got the news.
That’s not necessary, it’s like Sesame Street says, one of these things is not like the other, one of these things should die alone.
It’s okay. I’m glad this happened. I can stop pretending that some beautiful girl and her cute-in-
Don’t. I’ll be okay. You’re not the first girls I thought were friends with me who ended up shunning me. It’s like elementary school, junior high, high school, undergrad, grad school, and that semester abroad in Norway all over again.
You don’t get it. Look at this brain.
This is us. Bernadette, you are the analytical, scientific left hemisphere. Penny, you’re the creative, spontaneous right hemisphere. And where’s Amy? She’s right here, the sad little tumour no one wants to go dress shopping with.
Oh, look. It’s Sheldon and little Leonard. Hi, little Leonard.
Well, I came here to get a bottle of wine like Penny taught me to do when you’re sad.
Didn’t you go to high school, Leonard? Parking lots are where all the cool kids hang out. Not that the rat bastards ever invited me.
Oh, hang on, hang on, hang on. Sheldon, what would it take for you to go into that liquor store, buy a bottle of hooch, take me across the street to that motel, and have your way with me?
I know how you feel. I got a knife slicing through my frontal lobe, too.
What do you want? Do you want me to give the friendship bracelet back?
When we first met, I made one and pretended you gave it to me. You can have it back if you want.
What? Wait, is this some kind of practical joke? Like in Norway, when my friends trapped me in a sauna with a horny otter?
Oh, my gosh. No one’s every asked me to be the maid of honour before. Well, that’s not true. Once, but then they all died.
Yes. Yes. Oh, my gosh, I, I have so much to do. There’s the bridal shower and the bachelorette party. What should we do for the bachelorette party? Oh, I know, we’ll go to a Native American sweat lodge, we’ll take peyote, roll around in the mud, and paint fertility symbols on Bernadette’s naked body. So that’s happening.
I feel like crying. Of course, I could just be hormonal. Oh, wait. Maybe our menses are finally syncing up. Bernadette? No? Penny?
Maid of honour Amy Farrah Fowler’s amazing behind-the-scenes wedding video, take one.
I’m sorry, are you the maid of honour?
What are you, a nun? Come on, bestie, let’s see some skin.
You think they don’t have mirrors in there? I know how I look.
What is taking you so long? (Opens door. Penny is in her underwear)
– Sorry, sorry. (Swings camera away. Then back again)
Sheldon, what do you expect us to do?
Sheldon, the only way to get past this fear is to interact with it. Just like you did with the mailman.
Guess you gotta have hollow bones to get some sugar around here.
If you’re keeping him, I’ve got a cage you can borrow. One of the test monkeys slipped on a banana peel and broke his neck. It was both tragic and hysterical.
This is so exciting. Soon, my upper lip will be the same fake blonde as my beautiful best friend.
Oh, yes. According to the Relationship Agreement, on the anniversary of our first date, he must take me to a nice dinner, ask about my day and engage in casual physical contact that a disinterested onlooker might mistake for intimacy.
Once in high school, but I dozed off and woke up with second-degree chemical burns on my face.
No, I had a cover story, I told everyone it was herpes. So, how’s everything going with you and Leonard?
Oh, boo-hoo. If Sheldon proposed to me during sex, my ovaries would grab on to him and never let go.
Well, when you see him, tell him I say thank you.
I can’t believe I bleached my moustache for this.
Sheldon, how could you do this? It’s our second anniversary.
Have I ever told you you’re like a sexy praying mantis?
You know what’s wonderful about the praying mantis? They devour their mate.
Sheldon, you either say something meaningful and from the heart, or you and I are done.
I think I’m too sick to go to the funeral.
Sheldon, aren’t you gonna take care of me?
But our relationship agreement clearly states that when one of us is sick, the other must take care of them.
Sheldon, you don’t get over the flu in half an hour.
I have to say, I’m finding your bedside manner a little lacking.
Of course I do. There have been many studies proving its validity.
Sheldon, this isn’t helping. Why don’t you just let me get some rest.
You, you want to rub something on my chest?
That was great. Rub my chest again. (Knock at door)
Okay, okay, here’s the deal. I don’t need your medicine. I’m not sick.
I got better two days ago. It’s just been so nice having Sheldon take care of me.
See the stuff in my nose? Rubber cement.
I’ll tell him tomorrow. Mama needs a bath.
Oh, Sheldon, am I glad you’re back. Taking a turn for the worst. I think I’m going to need another bath.
All right, all right. But I really was sick at the beginning. It’s just been so nice having you take care of me.
I suppose that’s fair. What do you suggest?
I could not be allowed to go to the opening of the next Star Trek movie.
Are you saying you want to spank me?
That’s true. I’ve been a very bad girl.
One second. I want to put on some music.
I don’t want to disturb the people next door while you discipline me.
Oh, great! I’ve always wanted to play Dungeons and Dragons.
By rolling dice and playing make-believe with little figurines?
So, what’s the plan? Are we gonna teach our fellas a lesson by getting stinking drunk, luring strange men into the bathroom, and turning the toilet stall into a temple of the senses?
So at, uh, some point, you probably had a thing for me, too.
It’s fine. I’m used to being the girl who never gets looked at twice. I didn’t have my first kiss till I was 22, and the guy only did it so I’d give him back his insulin.
Forget it. I don’t expect you guys to understand.
You think that’s bad? In college, I passed out at a frat party and woke up with more clothes on.
I do that, too. Sometimes the left hand tries to cop a feel. And I let it.
I do. And don’t worry, someday you’ll have somebody, too.
Thank you, Rajesh. He wants me, I’m good. We can go now.
She’s right. But say the word, I got a lab full of cocaine-addicted monkeys with nothing to lose. One of them could end up in the backseat of her car. Or her shower.
Sheldon doesn’t believe in brunch. He can’t stand being at a table where one person’s having an omelette and another person’s having a sandwich.
I don’t even understand why they go to these conventions.
It’s probably because they were bullied growing up. In a world where you can’t fight back, superheroes provide meaningful wish-fulfillment.
Who cares? Just soak it in. Hello, boys.
And the story moved along at a brisk pace. It was, overall, what’s the word I’m looking for?
No, no, no, it doesn’t. Thor is a god. The hammer is his, only he can use it. It’s like Sheldon and his toothbrush. Or his thin, beckoning lips.
We are. We’re just, uh, giving you a head start.
It says right here on the hammer, whoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor.
Okay, if you’re going to start comparing wands and hammers, I can’t even take you seriously.
You can’t pick something up in outer space. In space, there is no up.
Hard to argue with those kind of street smarts.
No. Hulk picked up Thor, Thor picked up the hammer.
All right, well, how was work today? Did you exchange your research with Kripke?
Sheldon, I wish there was something I could do to make you feel better. May I offer you a consoling hug?
What if you could find a roommate who was a scientist and already familiar and comfortable with your ways?
Think about it, Sheldon. I’m not a stranger, we’re intellectually compatible, I’m willing to chauffeur you around town, and your personality quirks, which others find abhorrent or rage-inducing, I find cute as a button. What do you think?
Tell me one reason why this isn’t a fantastic idea.
See? You can’t. I’m gonna go see if Leonard’s room is big enough for my water bed.
Oh, there you are. When do I get a key to our apartment?
Here you go. I picked up the Chinese food just the way Leonard used to.
Oh, and, uh, check this out. I took the liberty of scripting a new outgoing voice mail message for both of us.
What? Why? Is it the message? I only used urban slang to sound tough so people wouldn’t break in.
Well, what is it, then? I did everything just the way you like it.
Then what the hell, Sheldon? We have been going out for over two years, and I have been nothing but patient with you. I watch your dopey space movies. I signed your ridiculous contract. I even stopped wearing lip gloss ’cause you said it made my mouth look too slippery. I am the best girlfriend you’re ever gonna have. You give me one good reason why I can’t live here.
Yeah. Hey, Ames, nothing. I was all set to move in with Sheldon, and now I hear I can’t ’cause you don’t want to live with Leonard.
You know what would show them? I should move in here with you.
I concur, but you changed the subject. What are we doing for Valentine’s Day?
Hang on. As you know, I had planned a traditional evening of romance and gifts.
And I appreciate your effort, but upon contemplation, I decided I was being selfish. So, I cancelled our dinner reservations and came up with an even better way to celebrate Valentine’s Day.
By doing none of it. No dinner, no romance, no gifts. We stay here, order a pizza and watch one of your beloved Star War Trek things.
Well, then, that’s what we’re going to do.
I’m your girlfriend. That’s my job. And I know gift-giving puts a lot of pressure on you, so whatever you got me, you can return.
In case of emergency, please contact… Amy Farrah Fowler. And there’s my phone number. This is the most beautiful gift you could’ve ever given me.
Hello? Another medical emergency? What’s wrong with him now? I seriously doubt he was bitten by a Chinese bird spider. How exactly does a bump feel Asian? Just put him on the phone. Sheldon, I am not driving over there again. Because I drove over there yesterday for a brain tumour that turned out to be an ice cream headache. Yes, I still want to be your emergency contact. Yes, you can eat your ice cream too fast and also have a brain tumour. I’m on my way. Brain tumour would explain a lot.
Fine. Just hold on. Mommy’s on the phone! Sorry. We’ve cut the monkeys down to one cigarette a day, so things are a little intense. Makes me miss my marijuana-abusing flatworms. Those guys were mellow.
Oh, that’s right. How’d it go with Penny?
Did you tell Penny how helpful she was?
Because she’s your friend, and she did a nice job. I’m sure she’d like to hear it.
I didn’t mean now. Hello? Yeah, yeah, you want a cigarette. Well, I’d like a normal boyfriend. Deal with it.
Sheldon, that’s very rude. She helped you with your show. The right thing to do is reciprocate by going to see her play.
That better be Tootsie Rolls you’re throwing at me!
Sadly, I’m no longer associated with that project.
Typical bureaucratic nonsense. You can get animals addicted to a harmful substance, you can dissect their brains, but you throw their own faeces back at them and suddenly you’re unprofessional.
Just so you know, this is not a stupid play. A Streetcar Named Desire is an American classic.
Well, evolutionary biology says that women are attracted to a man who is steady n the face of danger, so I recommend an unsafe environment. Seedy bar on the wrong side of the tracks, picnic near a lunatic asylum, a wine tasting on Skid Row.
I haven’t been to Disneyland since I was a kid. We should definitely go one weekend.
Hooky? I’ve never played hooky in my life. My mom said that’s how girls end up addicted to reefer and jazz music.
Hmm. We doing just Disney or California Adventure, too?
I can’t believe I ditched work for Disneyland.
Oh, I was very clever, I did it in stages. At seven o’clock last night, I called about a problem at the lab and casually mentioned I was going out for seafood. At nine thirty, I called and told him that one of my scallops tasted weird. At eleven thirty, I called and said I was throwing up like a fire hose. At twelve forty-five, I called and made nothing but dry heaving sounds, and now I’m going to Disneyland.
It’s our pleasure. I’m Dr. Fowler, and I’m a neuroscientist.
The world of science needs more women, but from a young age, we girls are encouraged to care more about the way we look than about the power of our minds.
Sheldon, all Snow White needs is one little kiss to wake up.
Oh, it’s okay, I’m used to it. The other day at Whole Foods, he spent an hour optimizing the cheese aisle.
His quirks just make you love him more. Someone please agree with me.
I can’t believe he set it on fire.
Boy, I’m really curious what was in that letter.
Well, you said Sheldon read it. Why not ask him?
You didn’t know it, but your father was in the auditorium at your high school graduation. And he cried because he was so proud of you.
If you’d let me pierce your brain with a hot needle in the right place, you’d be happy all the time.
That’s from Sheldon. He told me he had it engraved.
When I get married I’m going to register at the UCLA Cadaver Lab.
‘Cause I’ve always wanted a whole human skeleton and they are really spendy.
Not just someday. In exactly four years. But don’t tell Sheldon. He’s still a flight risk.
You’re not answering the question. Do you love him?
Can’t help ya, kid. Whenever I’m around Sheldon, I feel like my loins are on fire. In the good way. Not the urinary tract infection way.
Penny said she’s not sure she wants to be Leonard’s girlfriend anymore.
I know. She’s yelling at me right now.
Well, if that’s all it takes, it’s a good thing you don’t have a dog.
Are Rajesh and Leonard competing for it as well?
Do they know they don’t stand a chance ’cause you’re so great?
Or you take advantage of your newfound economic stability and move out, buy a house, get married. start a family.
You know, if you really want tenure, maybe you should cozy up to the people making the decision.
Well you better have a good excuse this time, because trimming Q-tips to fit your ears right is obvious nonsense.
It sounds like a long and tedious evening.
Oh. Well, in that case, perhaps I should come along.
Of course it would. I’m well-versed in academic politics, and as a respected scientist, I can only raise your stock as a candidate.
Let’s go over our emotional responses one last time.
Professor Tupperman is dead, and that makes us?
The fact that there are so many people here tonight doesn’t make us cranky and claustrophobic. It makes us?
Giving Mrs. Davis the box set of Roots was?
She plans on flirting with members of the tenure committee to further Leonard’s cause.
You’re all wasting your time. Sheldon is the most qualified for the job, and no amount of gravity-defying bosom’s going to change that. Seriously, is that tape? Like, how are they staying up like that?
Well, you’ll always be an academic success, but I seriously question whether you’ll make any more friends.
Should have taken my breasts out while I had the chance.
I’m sorry you’re upset. You know, Sheldon, sometimes people seek the comfort of physical contact in moments like this.
Okay. Well, what I think is going on here is you have a pathological need for closure.
You know, I might be able to help you with this. There’s a whole field of behavioural neuroscience that examines ways to retrain your neural pathways so stuff like this bothers you less.
I’ve come up with a series of exercises to help with your compulsive need for closure.
All I’m saying is, we live in a world where closure isn’t always an op…
I’m going to recondition your brain so that the need for completion isn’t so overwhelming.
And that’s exactly the feeling we want to address with this course of treatment.
I’m a little surprised to hear you feeling so positive.
Oh, I don’t know. Looks like something used by Tinkerbell’s gynecologist.
I’m going to video-chat Sheldon. If my new look leads to phone sex, I’m going to have to ask you to leave the room.
He knows my last name. I’m his girlfriend. We have a contract and everything. I’ll send you a PDF.
Sheldon told me he had a new assistant named Alex. He didn’t mention that Alex was a girl.
You’re right. I don’t have to worry about Sheldon.
Oh, really? Look at this face (Sheldon’s picture on phone) How can any woman spend eight hours a day alone with this face and not fall in love with it?
I’m not suspicious. I just want to stop in, say hi to my boyfriend and meet his new assistant. (Throwing open Sheldon’s office door) Aha!
Hang on. (Rubs Sheldon’s telephone receiver under her armpit)
Isn’t it obvious? I’m spreading my scent to mark my territory.
Really? Because just before you became my best friend, I did this all over your apartment.
Look at you, putting on a brave face.
Really? I don’t know how much you know about primate behaviour, but Sheldon’s assistant was clearly courting Leonard. Were she a mandrill, she would have bent over and displayed her brightly coloured hindquarters like a big red welcome mat. By the way, you try that at the junior prom, you get kicked out.
So says your prefrontal cortex. But meanwhile, the limbic system of your brain is calculating that if another woman is attracted to Leonard, it must be because he’s desirable.
And there you have it, prefrontal cortex reasoning versus limbic lust. If this were a boxing match, they might call it the thrilla adjacent to the amygdala. If you were a brain scientist, you would be busting a gut right now.
Why don’t we do something athletic like go over to the university pool and play water polo?
All right, let’s keep it simple. How about darts?
We could go to the cadaver lab at UCLA and play real-life Operation.
Are you sure? I mean, the nose doesn’t light up, but if the corpse is fresh enough, sometimes you can get the leg to jerk.
Ready, set, wrestle. (Penny pins Sheldon straight away) One, two, three, pin.
Ladies night at the Cheesecake Factory. Does it get any better than this?
Question. Do you think your husband’s fondness for turtlenecks is an expression of longing for his missing foreskin?
That’s not always true. Last night I gave Sheldon my best come-hither look, and he responded by explaining how wheat came to be cultivated.
He takes hypotheses and designs protocols to determine their accuracy.
I think I’m gonna try green tea mixed with lemon zinger.
So, listen, Sheldon, I was thinking, since this is gonna be our first Halloween party as boyfriend and girlfriend, I thought it might be fun for us to go in a couples costume.
Really? I find that inconsistent with everything I know about you.
Sheldon, when I said couples costume, I meant like Romeo and Juliet or Cinderella and Prince Charming, not two robots from some silly movie I don’t even like.
I make compromises for you all the time. Just this once, can’t we find something that we’re both happy with?
You know salt makes me retain water and my cousin William was ground to death in a pepper factory accident. How about Raggedy Ann and Andy? I loved them growing up.
No. There are certain things that say to the world, I have a boyfriend, and he’s not made up. Matching costumes, hickeys and sex tapes. Pick one.
I once looked in Sheldon’s underwear drawer. He yelled at me. But now I know what it looks like and he can never take that away.
Not to mention, your acting career is going south like Sherman. Read about it in your book.
You guys have got to be the weirdest couple I know.
Wow, my boyfriend is friends with Stephen Hawking and my new dandruff shampoo doesn’t smell like tar. Everything really is coming up Amy.
You know, when one male dominates another, his testosterone level rises.
It’s exciting to think you might be getting a testosterone level.
Oh, you could turn his act into extract (pronounced with emphasis on act), and it would be for double points.
I feel like I’m in high school again.
Sorry, Sheldon, you were brilliant as always. Wil, that was a little wooden.
Don’t worry, it wasn’t terrible. Just, this time, try to say it the way people sound. And action.
It’s called Fun with Flags. They’re not at half-mast, nobody died. Let’s try and keep it upbeat.
You’ll have to forgive me. This is my first time directing, I just want it to be good.
Great. So, this time let’s try more real boy, less Pinocchio. And action.
Yes. And so far, we’re still not getting our money’s worth. Let’s try it again. Everybody’s having fun. And action.
You gonna let him speak to me like that?
Can I speak to you for a second?
I don’t care for your friend, he’s being rude to me. You need to ask him to leave.
You sure you wouldn’t rather have dinner with your friend Wil Wheaton?
I’m not hungry. Your friend insulted me, and you didn’t do anything.
Sheldon, I’m your girlfriend, and you should have taken my side. That’s it. End of story. Good night.
Star Trek DVDs? Why would I want this?
Cut. Yikes, this guy is worse than Wil Wheaton.
A little sensitive, but not bad. Does it always take that long?
For hours. Fortunately, I couldn’t understand most of it ’cause Sheldon was wearing that stupid robot mask.
I guess this is what we get for being with two testosterone-fueled alpha males. At some point, they’re bound to lock horns.
I know, Sheldon should just let Howard have his little moment in the sun.
Well, I mean, Howard’s never gonna go to space again, but Sheldon will always be a genius.
That’s an impressive accomplishment. He’s now an inspiration to millions of Americans who know you don’t have to be special or even qualified to go into space.
Yeah, well, at least when we do make love, Sheldon won’t be thinking about his mother. And yes, that is a cleverly veiled reference to Howard’s lifelong obsession to crawl back into her spacious womb.
This is so exciting. I’m feeling all tingly. Although that could just be my newly defoliated bikini zone.
Before I park, come in the back seat. I want to show you something I had done today.
Oh, looks like someone’s on Team Bernadette. Where’s Howard?
He had my car towed. It cost me two hundred dollars to get it back.
Don’t play dumb with me, sister. You tell your husband he owes me two hundred dollars.
Oh, yeah? Well, you’re not gonna see this coming. (Swings handbag. Bernadette ducks. Penny is hit in the face)
Just my wallet, keys and a coffee can full of change I’ve been meaning to take to the bank.
I do. Penny, Bernadette and I are sorry.
I’ll drive. You can see where the tow truck scratched my car.
Me, too. In some weird way, I kind of feel like it brought us closer.
Because I looked in the bed, and there are no bugs.
Good night. No, I will not consider sleeping in my garment bag.
Oh, brain lesions are fascinating. Unless they’re yours, then they’re a drag.
And to the sick and dying who make it possible.
Which is fine, but it’s nice to mix it up with a little intellectual conversation.
Oh, my gosh, boys bought us drinks, boys bought us drinks. Thank you, thank you, thank you so much.
You be cool. Guys are hitting on us, and not just to get to Penny.
So I can drink this without having to give up the goodies?
Well, it sounds like you’re saying that I could do better than Sheldon.
No, tell me, I want to know what you meant by that.
And your husband is extremely Howard. What’s your point?
We could, but unfortunately my brain is lesion-free and I remember that rotten thing you just said about my sweet baboo.
Your husband’s weird and his clothes are ridiculous.
Mm-hmm. It was rather flattering to have strangers send us drinks.
Maybe tomorrow morning we put on some hot pants and see if we can score us some free omelettes.
I think I would have gone with the short one with the goofy haircut.
Not my guy. I caught him staring at my rack. It’d be nice to be with a man who wants to know what’s underneath my cardigan. FYI, it’s another cardigan.
Your brainy virgin kind of sounds like Sheldon.
I know you don’t like it, but every time you do an interview, it raises the profile of the university. That translates to funding.
Sheldon, you said you were unhappy getting attention for something you wished you never did.
Sheldon, the point is Wil learned to embrace that part of his life and moved on to bigger and better things.
Uh, we’re trying to cheer him up, so…
Sheldon, it’s a beautiful night. Why don’t you and I go for a nice walk together?
Well, I have an extremely low centre of gravity. I’m like a pyramid.
How come you never said she was pregnant?
Can I give you a ride to the airport?
It’s great. It’s Christmastime and Jimmy Stewart’s really depressed and he’s gonna jump off a bridge and kill himself.
You make jokes about Sheldon, but if it weren’t for him, I don’t think any of us would be sitting in this room right now.
It’s true. None of you would know me. You wouldn’t know Bernadette. You wouldn’t be dating Penny.
Which couldn’t have happened if you didn’t live across the hall from her, which couldn’t have happened without Sheldon. Same goes with you guys. If Leonard wasn’t with Penny, she never would have set you up.
Listen to me. That is not the way they usually look.
And with Leonard out of the picture, we all know what that would mean.
Here’s another one. Penny, if it weren’t for Sheldon you never would have met comic book legend Stan Lee.
Wait, did she die or did you kill her?
It’s hard to say, my life would be so different.
Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me, there’s tears in the frosting, happy birthday to me. (Stuart honks a party hooter at her.)
Well, you always complain that you never had an intelligent role model growing up, and now you can be one for your nephew.
If that were true, I wouldn’t still be living alone. Well, not exactly alone. I do have a 50 pound sack of rice with one of Sheldon’s T-shirts on it.
I wish I could believe you. I also wish there wasn’t a mouse living in Rice Sheldon.
Oh. Wow. I had no idea. He is so into me. Wait, wait, where’d I go?
I am in the mix. And I’m the hottest one.
This is nice, that we all get to eat together.
Hmm. Can we maybe put the phones down and have an actualhuman conversation?
Just think of the first 245 as the prequel.
Well, that makes sense. The prefrontal cortex is responsible for planning and anticipation, and patients with brain lesions on their…
Okay, the notion that you can read a few books and come up with a definitive theory of comedy is absurd. I mean, humour is a complex neurological… (Sheldon drops his trousers) Okay, that’s pretty good.
I don’t think I want to go out with you anymore.
Sheldon, how many words are you gonna go through?
He’s home trying to use science to determine the basis of humour.
It’s exhausting. Do you have any idea how hard it is to laugh at a knock-knock joke that starts with knock-knock-knock, Amy, knock-knock-knock, Amy, knock-knock-knock, Amy?
Hello, Mr. Rat Brain. Not so bitey without the rest of the rat to back us up now, are we?
Why? Because Sheldon’s not here this week, and you don’t think I have any other options? I’m just kidding. I’ll get my purse.
That’s okay. Uh, Bert, this is Howard and Rajesh. Guys, this is Bert.
This is so pretty. Bert works for the geology department.
Should someone as lonely as you really be making fun of me?
What do I do? I don’t want to hurt his feelings.
Listen, um, Bert, before you say anything else, I, I have a boyfriend.
That’s very nice of you, but I do have a boyfriend.
No, that’s not true. My boyfriend has an off-putting personality, too. Like, way worse than you.
No, Bert, come on. I’d love to go to the mineral show with you.
So what am I supposed to do now?
This isn’t funny. I’m gonna have to tell him the truth, that even if I didn’t have a boyfriend, I wouldn’t be interested in him.
Well, how would you want a girl to tell you she wasn’t interested?
Okay, I don’t have time for this. I’m just gonna go find him and be brutally honest.
Last week, you spent that on a little dress.
Why can’t they do something sensible like Sheldon and start their own comic book convention? Also, who wants to throw me out that window?
There sure are a lot of little kids here.
Well, last time I got dressed up and had tea was when I was five. Just me, my teddy bear, Raggedy Ann and my hamster.
It was. Till my hamster ate all her babies. It got less cute really fast.
Aw. Drinking in the afternoon, just like her mommy.
On the bright side, every six-year-old there was jealous of my tiara. Not gonna lie, it felt good.
I think I have you both beat. Imagine trying to feel like a grown-up when you’ve never even been with a man.
Maybe the guys are right. I mean, we spent the whole night trying to be mature, and it was kind of boring. I’m sure they’re having more fun than we are.
Item 28, your pet name for me. Time’s running out on this. You need to make a decision.
I’m sorry, but Gollum and Flakey are not acceptable.
We’ll come back to that one. This brings us to the final item in our annual State of the Relationship Summit. Item 29, Valentine’s Day.
Before you get upset, I believe I’ve come up with a way for us to celebrate the occasion that we both can enjoy.
I propose we spend a weekend at a bed-and-breakfast in Napa Valley.
One step ahead of you, Bernadette and Wolowitz are going with us.
It doesn’t. I know it makes you feel like you’re bathing inside a monster.
We’re going to have Valentine’s Day dinner on a fully functioning vintage train.
An Alcoa FA-4 diesel locomotive leading a train of meticulously restored 1915 Pullman first-class coaches.
Well, an evening looking at the stars, that’s still kind of romantic.
I’m trying to put lipstick on a pig here. Work with me.
Uh, I think we’re gonna need a minute.
See if you guys can guess this one. Bang. Splat. Thud.
Why? Because my boyfriend’s off playing choo-choo with some weirdo?
I don’t know what made me think tonight would be any different.
Okay. I need to speak to my boyfriend in private, like, right now.
I’m being rude? You’ve been rude to me this entire evening.
It’s Valentine’s Day. We’re supposed to be having a romantic weekend.
Fine, it’s true. I deserve romance, and I didn’t know how else to make it happen.
Hey, you were funny on purpose, good job.
Yeah. You actually do have room for one up there.
I’m not surprised you want to end the relationship. I’m a little surprised you didn’t get AppleCare. Anyway, enjoy your life. Where do I sign?
Oh, I’ve already moved on. Besides, this breakup has nothing to do with me.
Of course not. This is just Leonard trying to take the focus off that dreadful table by sowing discord in our relationship. He’s manipulating you like he always does.
All the time. And he knew that, as your girlfriend, I wasn’t gonna stand by and let him bring a table into your apartment. I mean, a table? Come on?
Well, thankfully, I won’t have to see it, ’cause I won’t be your girlfriend anymore. Amy Farrah Fowler. Why, yes, I would like to take a survey.
I think if I were manipulating you, you’d be smart enough to see it.
I think you’d be smart enough to see that, too.
You don’t need to explain yourself to him.
You’re sick of his nonsense and ready to move in with me.
Why can’t Raj find a girl? The mystery continues.
Before I met Sheldon, I was ready to give up, too. Once, I even dropped in on my OBGYN just to get some human contact.
Then I met Sheldon and look at where we are now.
Oh. Let me guess. There’s an undergrad in a leather jacket snapping his fingers by the water fountain.
Oh, she’s cute. And smart. Phi Beta Kappa.
Great, so what do you need me for?
No. You’re supposed to be yourself, not all desperate and creepy.
Just say something normal like, I saw your profile. Looks like we have a lot in common, let’s get a cup of coffee sometime.”
And I’m afraid she doesn’t think you’re right for her.
I told her what a good guy you are, but she thought it was a bad sign that you didn’t write to her yourself. She thought it made you seem too shy and passive.
Look, I’ll see if I can change her mind tomorrow night.
Well, we just, we e-mailed back and forth a bit, and we kind of hit it off.
No. We just ended up having a lot in common. We went to Harvard, we like Chaucer, we’re both hardcore into quilting.
Look, I admit that it’s odd that Rajesh didn’t write to you himself, but if you get to know him, you’ll see he’s just a sweet, regular guy. As a counterpoint, here he is, uninvited and visibly sweaty.
Are we still going to go to that Chaucer reading Friday?
Should you really be sitting in Sheldon’s spot?
I think it might be fun to be someone else tonight.
Hey, I found something. It looks like a little man with a briefcase.
Hey, I won the Nobel Prize in physiology, then I used the money to buy Stuart’s comic book store, and close it down so Sheldon would pay attention to me. Not the worst idea.
I’m surprised you guys never talked about this stuff.
Actually, our relationship agreement covers a wide array of scenarios, including career changes, financial instability, intelligent dog uprising. FYI, we plan on selling out the human race hard.
Now I think you’re flirting with the line. Good news?
Maybe you’ll get hit by a car and die. LOL, right?
Then get the other one. Pass the butter.
Well, you wouldn’t want your gaming system to overheat.
Why would they still be using DDR3? Are they nuts?
This is a nightmare. How will you ever make a decision?
Uh, it’s date night. Aren’t you, uh, forgetting something?
Well, that’s got to be a good feeling.
No, what are you doing? No, no, pick that back up. You know it’s good. You did the research.
You know what? How about I buy it for you? How about I buy you both?
Then I’ll buy you a new entertainment centre.
How about this? I’ve heard that if you flip a coin, it will tell you how you actually feel. Because you’ll either be disappointed or excited by the outcome.
So, heads it’s PS4, tails it’s Xbox One.
Could have given it back to me. That was a choice.
Let’s get you some food. You, You’ll feel better after you eat.
What-what do you want, like, Thai food? A burger?
Oh, and here’s a fun thing. I worked it out so that there are two different words for spoon, planko and janko. Planko is a spoon with food, janko is a spoon without food. Janko is spelled with a silent ptang. Sheldon, you’re not even listening to the rules of my made-up language.
I don’t think Penny would cheat on Leonard.
Yeah, like you know what kissing sounds like.
Well, he’s mad at you, too. He says you’re the succubus who led his friend astray.
Sheldon, your fight’s with Leonard. Penny’s got nothing to do…
You want to take the bus to work?
FYI, I had a doughnut for breakfast, you jerk.
Yeah, it’s cute. That’s the problem. I don’t need other girls to see him walking around like sex on a stick.
Sheldon, your food’s getting cold. What are you doing?
Maybe you could make your new field of study the calculation of nuclear matrix elements.
I hope he’s this distraught if he ever breaks up with me.
Come on, let’s get you to bed. You’ve had a lot to drink.
I’m sorry, I just needed a break from hearing you obsess about what to do after string theory.
But none of that means we don’t love you.
I feel so bad about lying to Sheldon. How am I gonna make it up to him?
Oh, no. I mean, this is weird right now.
A psychic? He considers them not just mumbo jumbo, but extra-jumbo mumbo jumbo.
Can I confess something? Once in a while, I get a little jealous of how close Penny and Sheldon are.
I mean, not in a romantic way. It’s just, she really has some sort of connection with him.
Don’t get me wrong, I’m glad they’re friends. I just wish he’d be that comfortable around me already.
Well, I was just feeling so bad about lying to you the other night, I wanted to make it up to you.
Do you want me to go to the funeral with you?
Are you sure you don’t want to go say good-bye?
And watching a bunch of goofy space movies you’ve seen hundreds of times isn’t?
Arthur passing away was harder on Sheldon than he’s ready to admit. Really hoping this will cheer him up.
No, it combines two of Sheldon’s favorite things, chocolate chips and the ability to destroy a planet at the push of a button.
Okay, let’s get the fondant and start decorating.
Did you ever watch Professor Proton when you were a kid?
I never watched him, either, but he seems to be the reason that Sheldon got interested in science.
Oh, I guess it must have been back when I was in the Girl Sprouts.
My mom made it up as an alternative to the Girl Scouts. She didn’t want me selling cookies on some street corner like a whore.
Oh, I went to the library and took out a book on biology to see what whores did.
Yeah. We were hoping it might cheer you up.
Sheldon, we’re talking about your friend’s mother. She got hurt.
So, what are the living arrangements gonna be?
Well, with you not working, that makes financial sense.
You know, this might work out for the best. I mean, you’re always complaining about what a terrible roommate Leonard is. Like how he turns up the thermostat when you’re not there.
You hate the sound of all those keys on his key chain.
And if it turns out you don’t, you and I could live together.
He was, but he stormed off and now he isn’t answering his phone.
He was really angry that you suggested he move out.
I also mentioned that he and I could live together but he was too mad at you to realize what a great idea that is.
You’re probably right. So, what are you guys doing?
Don’t I know it. What is that, polenta?
Scavenger hunts at Harvard were really tough. I always got stuck on the first challenge, trying to find someone to be on a team with me. I guess that story’s more sad than funny.
Maybe we pick names out of a hat.
I did them all the time as a kid. As my mom used to say, when you’re doing a puzzle, it’s like having a thousand friends. She was full of fun lies like that.
I’m sorry you got stuck with me. I bet you wanted to be with Bernadette.
I think this is the first time we’ve ever actually been alone together.
Well, off the top of my head, I’d say we don’t have a lot in common except for the people we’re involved with. Plus, when we first met, Penny warned me never to get into a car alone with you.
Uh, let’s see. I like harps, Little House on the Prairie, medieval poetry, medieval literature…
Great. Sheldon never lets me listen to music in the car. He doesn’t want to be mistaken for a gang member.
Beatles, boring. Eminem, scary. Weird Al? How old are you? Neil Diamond?
Yes, it’s not a ruse to make fun of me. It’s a real game and I’m winning it.
Oh, oh, that’s good. Then this would be (whispers back)
She got the way to move me, honey.
I enjoyed it. When you told me I was going to be losing my virginity, I didn’t think you meant showing me Raiders of the Lost Ark for the first time.
It was very entertaining despite the glaring story problem.
All right. Indiana Jones plays no role in the outcome of the story. If he weren’t in the film, it would turn out exactly the same.
No, I do, and if he weren’t in the movie, the Nazis would have still found the ark, taken it to the island, opened it up and all died, just like they did. Let me close that for ya.
Well, the last time you made an unscheduled video-chat, there was a curly fry in your regular fries and you thought someone might be trying to slip you a mickey.
That sounds lovely. Why are you rubbing your hands together?
I love Little House. It made me want to live on a farm so much I tried to milk my cat. That tangy bowl of Cheerios was not worth the stitches.
You’re trying to get back at me for what I said about Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Sheldon, we’re in a relationship. When you get angry, just tell me. You don’t need to seek revenge.
Well, that’s not how we’re going to do it.
I’ll check my underpants. I’m so excited, I think I peed.
Ooh. There’s a cover band in the lounge.
Maybe after this, you’ll be in the mood for some Manilow.
Look at us out, while Penny’s in the room studying.
It is. But enough about Penny. Let’s talk about us. We’re looking good.
Better than good. I mean, look at you. Your body’s bangin’.
Don’t Amy me. We’re always talking about how hot Penny is. Come on, scientist to scientist, how big are those Hadron Colliders?
Oh, don’t be embarrassed. I’ll show you the divot in my spine.
No, no, it’s okay. I was born with it. If you put a double-A battery in there, it makes my leg kick.
We had a complaint about somebody pooping on a party in there.
Hey, Penny, hey, let’s go. We found a place that has Australian male strippers.
Okay, okay, this is obviously very important to her. Let’s just, we’ll help her study so she can get done quicker. Here, here, I’m gonna quiz you. I’m gonna quiz you. I got your notes. I got your notes. I got your notes. If you want these, they’re gonna be at the strip club.
We had some pretty hot corpses in my anatomy class, but none of them moved like that.
Could be anything. Last time he was like this, he figured out electron transport in graphene. The time before that, he was making a list of who’s allowed in his tree fort if fe ever gets one. Still can’t believe I didn’t make the cut.
I don’t think the Smithsonian’s gonna want your marker.
You and me both, brother. It doesn’t matter. The element was found because of you, and that’s groundbreaking.
You know, Sheldon, in neuroscience, we’re forever finding something in one part of the brain that we thought was someplace else.
Sheldon, I’ve been thinking about it, and you’re right. You don’t deserve any credit. All you did was misread some numbers on a table. A very easy table, too. Honestly, I’m embarrassed for you.
Yes, and I’ve heard so much about you. Hey look, we’re wearing the same orthopaedic shoes. I can’t believe I dress like a celebrity.
Come on, he’s a retired kids show host.
Have you ever thought about why Arthur didn’t want you to read his paper?
Maybe he found you, um, a bit much.
From what I saw the other day, I could understand why he and some people might find you…
This is fun. I’m going to feel like such a vixen wearing jewellery that doesn’t have a list of medications I’m allergic to.
How do you not know how to use glue? Did you ditch pre-school?
Actually, I’d kind of like to try that.
Rajesh, do you want to make a bracelet for your mom to go with the necklace?
They’re gonna have sex before Sheldon and I do, I know it.
At work today, I did an in vivo stereotaxic surgery.
Oh, my gosh. That’s the girl that broke Rajesh’s heart.
You told Lucy he was a pathetic mess.
I must say, Sheldon, you’re handling this DVD business with an impressive amount of maturity.
Is there some kind of new coping mechanism you’re employing?
I’m gonna go with sad. So what’s the story with you and this DVD?
I think the real question is, why do you waste your time with cheap, childish pranks?
We do. And I expect you to be on your best behaviour.
Are you honestly comparing Thanksgiving dinner at Wolowitz’s mom’s with one of the greatest tragedies in the history of mankind?
Sheldon, that’s completely inappropriate. You can’t keep comparing yourself to a slave.
It says here you can get an annulment if any of the following conditions are met. Were you unable to consummate the marriage?
Is there any evidence of fraud, bigamy, want of understanding?
Did you guys know Penny married Zack three years ago?
I know how you feel. Sheldon ignored me for a week when he got that Roomba vacuum. I kick it when he’s not looking.
All right, mister, I think you owe Howard and Bernadette an apology.
My pleasure. And I’m not angry at all that my boyfriend was in trouble and called you instead of me. I love that,
What do you mean, why did I come? You’re my boyfriend. I haven’t seen you in over a month. I just drove six hours to help you out. Don’t you have anything to say besides why did you come?
Have you not noticed that I’ve been sitting back here quietly stewing for the past two hours?
I’m mad at you. How could you just go away like that without even saying good-bye, and then call Leonard for help instead of me?
We’re in a moving car. What do you expect me to do? Stick my fingers in my ears?
Sheldon, it’s okay with me that you’re not perfect.
But you did do it. So what if it didn’t all go your way? That’s what makes it an adventure.
I know I was thinking that. Is this a show on flags or mind reading?
And he really does have one, you jerks on the comment board.
You said you weren’t gonna bring that up.
And, yes, even shed a tear or two.
How many times do I have to say I’m sorry?
If you’re not up to hosting Christmas dinner, I’m happy to do it. You can even bring your father.
I’ve always wanted to do a traditional Victorian Christmas. Parlour games, goose and figgy pudding.
Okay, let’s get this Victorian party started. I’ve done some research about some traditional parlour games we can play.
Well, there’s a fun one called Ball of Wool. You take a ball of wool, and you put it right in the centre of the table. Then people sit on opposite sides of the table and try to blow the wool off.
Oh, you Heimliched a ball of wool out of me; you’re good.
Look at you on Santa’s lap. That’s so sweet.
They’re your Meemaw’s Christmas cookies. I called and got the recipe.
Okay. The next game is called Hot Boiled Beans.
One person is sent out of the room while the others hide a small item. Then they invite the first person back by saying hot boiled beans and bacon for supper, hurry up before it gets cold.
Sheldon, we said that we would play games with you tonight.
I will literally race you to the car.
Oh, my favourite, George Lucas can talk all the way through Star Wars, I say one word and I’m banished to the kitchen.
I actually can’t. My hips don’t open wider than 22 degrees. I rode a very thin pony once. On the first bump, just popped right off.
There’s a craft and folk art museum on Wilshire.
I actually can’t go ice-skating. I have unnaturally brittle ankles.
Because you always pick what we do and I just go along with it.
What do you say? Sounds kind of perfect.
You guys comfy? This might take a while.
I promised myself, if I ever got friends, I’d do whatever they said. Really, I’m lucky you found me before a cult did.
Are you crazy? You know he’s a flight risk.
It also gets its brain plucked out with tweezers.
All right, next, we’re gonna introduce an anxiety-inducing stimulus, measure your stress levels and see how it affects your problem-solving rate.
Look, I know you don’t like it, but that’s the point of the experiment. I need to irritate you to find your optimal anxiety zone. And you said no to tickling, polka music or watching me eat a banana.
My mother said that’s how good girls do it.
Sheldon, you’re a remarkable scientist. Just be patient, I’m sure you’ll find the breakthrough you’ve been looking for.
And if you only do solid research instead of making a groundbreaking discovery, what does it matter?
Look, your anxiety levels are right in the zone.
That would be so romantic for you and Leonard.
If I were going to Hawaii, I’d spend all my time at the Keck Observatory. Did you know that the telescopes there have better resolution than the Hubble?
No, hold on. All canines instinctively know how to swim. Why wouldn’t a werewolf have the same abilities?
You’ve been working so much lately, I’m glad you didn’t forget about date night.
Maybe you want to put the notebook away and talk to me.
Sheldon. Sheldon, I’m worried about you. You’re not eating, you haven’t slept in days, and, to be honest, that cap is starting to smell.
Sheldon, I want you to take that cap off.
I’m sorry, but you know we agreed not to bring work to date night.
Sheldon, stop it, I’m not kidding. Take the cap off, and put the notebook away.
You don’t need to drive yourself crazy in order to be productive.
Sheldon, this has to stop. You need to get some sleep and take care of yourself.
Your thoughts and ideas come from you, not from your anxiety.
It’s one thing to make yourself miserable, but you’re making everyone around you miserable, too. Now, I’m telling you for the last time, take the cap off.
Whatever happened to that ape movie you were in?
I haven’t learned my lesson. Play it. Play it.
It’s not about me and Sheldon. It’s about a young woman in the 1800s named Amelia, and the time-traveling physicist named Cooper she falls in love with.
You know, there was a time when I was alone and had no friends. I’m starting to miss that.
He’s like that in the beginning, so she can change him. It’s called good writing. And wishful thinking.
Fine. As Cooper prepared to depart, tears filled Amelia’s eyes. He took her hand in his and said, “I can’t stay, but I will never forget you.” He brushed his fingers against her cheek, then quickly stepped into the machine. “Please don’t go,” she whispered. But it was too late. The engine hummed to life.
She turned away, wiping her eyes. She couldn’t bear to watch her one chance at true love disappear forever. Then she felt a strong hand on her shoulder spin her around. It was Cooper.
“What about the future?” asked Amelia. He looked deeply into her eyes and whispered, “There is no future without you.” He pulled her in close. She began to tremble all over. She felt his warm breath…
Well, that’s fascinating. I can’t wait to read it.
Well, I’d been thinking about a cellular automata approach to neuronal connectivity, and I thought it might have some interesting applications to string theory, it’s not a big deal.
I did. You said the only math biologists know is if you have three frogs and one hops away, that leaves two frogs.
Sheldon, we’re all scientists. I helped out a fellow colleague. You’re being petty.
It’s not a big deal. I run tests like this on undergrads all the time. If you fill out some paperwork at the university, I can get you five dollars.
So what are we talking, like, ten bucks?
Well, except Barnabas, but he was on Adderall.
How can I make this up to you?
One of us would have taken you in.
I just read about an experiment designed to see if you could make two people fall in love in a matter of hours.
And then they finish it off by staring into each other’s eyes for four minutes.
Other than the fact that I had it, that was a magical night.
That’s what I said. Before I knew it, he pontificated his way right into my heart.
Oh, then I choose a janitor, ’cause I’m about to throw up.
Well, we’re the ones tagging along, you pick.
We used the coordinates to locate the cities.
Well, if I don’t have a brother, my father’s son is me. And if I’m this man’s father, then he’s my son. The answer’s son.
So, that’s the key to the door? That’s it?
Well, to be fair, we do all have advanced degrees.
After a careful evaluation of our relationship, we decided that the time was right to take a step forward.
Thank you. Acquiring a joint pet is a big step for us.
For Halloween, we can dress him as a cobblestone.
Let’s forget about them, and pick ourselves out a nice turtle. Oh, how about this one up on the log?
Well, he’s barely moving. He looks half dead.
But that’s not your fault. Like you, we’re taking it ridiculously slow. You’ll stay with me when he’s at Comic-Con or away for work.
You applied for a mission to be a colonist on another planet, and couldn’t be bothered to tell me?
No one told you to poke the turtle’s face.
I’m surprised you even care if he likes you, since you’re planning on leaving the planet the first chance you get.
Sheldon, I know the odds of you even going to Mars are incredibly small, but it still hurts that you would volunteer for something that would take you away from me forever.
I would at least mention it before filling out the application.
And who says you could even survive an interplanetary mission, anyway? You could barely survive a tiny turtle bite.
Why do you even want to do this?
You know, Sheldon, at any other time, learning that you had plans to go live on Mars would be a slow news day. But a couple of hours ago, we were getting a turtle. And silly as it sounds, I thought that meant something.
What I want is for us to be planning our future together.
Are you asking me to go to Mars with you?
Okay. I suppose being the first people on a new planet would be incredibly exciting.
You know, we could also be the first people to procreate on Mars.
Think about it. If we had a family there, our kids would be Martians.
I guess we’ll have to make a new video together, as a couple.
I’d say I’m sorry I asked, except I didn’t.
Sheldon, this article doesn’t mention Leonard at all.
It only refers to Dr. Cooper and his team. Did you even talk about him?
Think about it. How would you feel if you were referred to as part of Leonard’s team?
Leonard is as much a part of this paper as you are, and he was overlooked. He’s going to feel bad.
Remember that time you didn’t get picked to pull the sword out of the stone at Disneyland and they let that other kid do it?
Do you need any help in the kitchen?
All these bright people sitting around a table by candlelight. Feels like we could be an 18th century French salon.
Sheldon, The View is a daytime talk show hosted by women.
We won’t know if there’s equality until female Thor has a baby and the Avengers are cool with her pumping breast milk at work.
Yes, who do you think gave him the danger whistle?
Can I be in charge of pricing? I’ve been going to garage sales my whole life. Can you believe I got these pantyhose for a nickel?
I had a table, too, but I didn’t have any friends, so all I did was serve.
And if I had a friend, they might have told me that.
Have you made a decision about the TARDIS? I think I can sell it if we call it Big British Porta-Potty.
Ooh, you just chose champions. It’s like we’re re-enacting the ancient German practice of trial by combat.
If you still have that bra, I’ll give you a nickel for it.
Uh, it, it’s been a long time. I don’t know. I’m probably pretty rusty.
I wonder if Stalin considered any other animals.
Just give me a minute. I’m stimulating the pleasure cells of this starfish. I just need to turn it off.
Then I have to sit through lunch knowing this starfish is having a better day than I am. Is Bernadette meeting us at the restaurant?
Well, I think she just wants you to do well, and she’s worried that you won’t ’cause you were just a stunningly poor waitress.
I’m still waiting on my mini corndogs from two years ago.
No, I just, I feel kind of uncomfortable talking about her like this. Usually when someone’s being talked about behind their back, it’s me and it’s right in front of my face.
I understand. You know, there is some research that indicates that sharing negative attitudes about a third party can be a powerful bonding force between two friends.
I’m saying, in the spirit of science, what is that little skank’s problem?
Measuring starfish serotonin levels in response to one point two molar stimulation of pleasure cells. You like that, don’t you? That’s right, say my name.
Because you got her the job and you think she should be working harder to prepare for it?
If she doesn’t do well, this could reflect poorly on you.
I don’t know. The important thing is I am here for you so we can mutually disparage this unpleasing third party.
So, after drinks with Bernadette, I get home, and Penny calls to complain about her. And then while I’m talking to Penny, I get a text from Bernadette.
Because it’s taken 15 years, but high school is finally awesome. I love them both, but I’m in the centre now, and I love that even more.
You better watch that attitude, buddy. You’re dating the popular girl now.
Close enough. Um, I was just calling to see what you were up tonight. Thought maybe we could hit up Color Me Mine, maybe sneak in some Pinot Greej. Whatevs.
Oh. Oh, I hear you. Try and get that nag off your back, right? I mean, you’re not a bicycle, why’s she riding you like that?
Okay, good luck. And call me later, you know, if you decide she’s a bitch or something. Hey, girlfriend.
Tonight. You, me, Color Me Mine. Maybe we sneak in some Pinot, make it Color Me Wine.
Oh. Well, good luck getting her to do that. She’s probably off getting another manicure. You remember when she did that? You remember?
Oh. Great. I’m happy for you guys. You know, when the two of you aren’t getting along, it puts me in a really weird position.
You mean, like, where she’s nice to your face? Okay got it. Bye. Hey, boyfriend.
Is this how the rest of the night’s going to be?
According to the codicil of the Relationship Agreement which you insisted upon, we’re not allowed to pout or be moody on date night.
Probably not. It’s an evolutionary advantage to be included in group activities.
Being left out is a terrible feeling. No one understands that better than I do.
When there was a lice epidemic at my school, everybody got it except me. I tried to fool everyone by sprinkling sugar in my hair, but I just got attacked by bees.
You know, there’s nothing I can do about getting you invited to the symposium, but if you wanted, we could build a fort.
What are we doing? This is a fort. Let’s sit on the floor.
I’d say, Knox over Ticonderoga, ’cause it’s got the gold.
And McBlanket over Sumter ’cause it has a higher thread count. Oh. Ten o’clock. Date night’s over.
Come on, I’ll help you take this down.
Well, as long as we’re suspending the parameters, I could stay really late and we could have our first sleepover.
PG. Some scenes may be too intense for younger viewers.
Would it alarm you to know that I hid those things here two years ago just in case this ever came up?
Who says this is the only one I hid?
I can’t believe you got up and walked out of an audition for a big movie.
And you probably have to invite your other friend ’cause she overheard you talking about it, and it would be awkward to exclude her.
Leonard, have you ever given a high school commencement speech before?
I think it’s really nice that you’re sharing this experience with Penny.
It’s so nice both of your moms are coming in to see you guys get an award.
Sure, his mom gets roses. When I want them, they’re a bouquet of severed plant genitals.
He’s right. Roses die, but a moist rotting log will pump out mushrooms for two or three magical years.
Do you think the moms will get along?
Can you believe it’s been five years since our first date?
I didn’t kill anything. You did, talking about your stupid TV show.
Really? That’s the commitment issue you’re wrestling with? Sheldon, do you understand the irony of your fixation on a man with super speed, while after five years all I can get out of you is a distracted make-out session on a couch?
I’ve been thinking about them, too, Sheldon. Being your girlfriend is so challenging. Emotionally, physically. I’ve been incredibly patient for years.
Okay, well, this isn’t easy to say, because I love you, but I need some time to take a step back and re-evaluate our situation.
It’s hard to argue with that. And I know because I saw a sad man with a pepper mill desperately try and fail.
Sheldon, how about tomorrow night we see a movie?
You are aware that a double date doesn’t count as two dates.
After a lively debate, that proposal passed by a two-zero margin.
There they go, fighting again. You’d never hear her talk that way to Sauvignon Blanc.
It’s a good thing I’m not wearing flag underwear right now, ’cause there’s about to be a fire.
So when do you guys plan on getting married?
Of course. Can I have a bite of your burger?
They developed the Relationship Closeness Inventory, which predicts the stability of a couple based on behaviour.
Sheldon and I got an eight-point-two out of ten.
I’m gonna let you count this as two dates. They’re a lot of work.
No, we’re sorry. We never should have been comparing relationships in the first place.
It would make me so happy if you said things like that.
I’ll tell you what. If we stay, I’ll buy you cotton candy and a bobblehead.
So, Howard, is Stuart still living with your mom?
I’m with him three years, nothing. She’s with him two minutes, and he’s taking his pants off.
You really went your entire life without anyone saying I hate you to your face?
I’d say it now, but look at those cheekbones.
What if you just hang around and act like her friend until you wear her down? I mean, next thing you know, you’re in her home, you’re eating her food, drinking her wine.
I’m gonna go with Penny on this one. Then again, why wouldn’t I? I mean, we go way back.
I’m feeling a little backed into a corner, Sheldon.
Interesting. Can you see how a grown man, an accomplished scientist, who invests in a store that sells picture books about flying men in colourful underwear might be wasting both his financial and intellectual resources?
You know when you bend over, I can see down your shirt?
Most universities have them. When I was an undergrad, I spent three days in one pledging a sorority.
No. They forgot I was there. But it really opened up my pores.
Save you first; come back for Raj only if there’s time.
Sheldon, I’m really impressed you’re willing to try this.
I’m going to the vending machine. Do you want anything?
Do you really need me to transcribe this?
I’m studying one-celled organisms to try and find the neurochemicals that lead to the feeling of shame.
Bernadette is a successful microbiologist. She should be celebrated for her achievements, not her looks. I mean, what kind of message does that send?
I just don’t think a professional woman should have to flaunt her sexuality in order to get ahead.
Maybe it’s different in the world of sales, but it’s already hard enough for women to be taken seriously in science.
Well, I’m really sorry, but I think it’s for the best. You want people focusing on your achievements, not staring at your breasts in some magazine.
Sorry, it’s just we’re, we were talking about them. So, look, I, I wasn’t going to say anything, but since you seem to be okay with the article being canceled, I have a little confession. I’m the reason it was pulled.
I sent the editors of the magazine a pretty scathing e-mail.
I simply pointed out that they would never consider doing an article ranking male scientists on their sexuality, let alone showing them in various stages of undress.
Well, it doesn’t make a difference, because they agreed it was in bad taste, and now you agree, so Amy saves the day.
I disagree. As a female scientist, I think what you do affects all of us.
That has to wait. This weirdo locked the guys up in his basement.
Dr. Lorvis, isn’t there something you want to say?
I meant why are they folded? But whatever. Ooh, what’s this?
No, it was okay. The DJ let me dance one slow song with my mop before he shut down. Whenever I see a bucket of dirty water, I still hear Lady in Red.
Okay, we get it, you had a friend and a date. Stop bragging.
My date would’ve had to clean that up.
Oh, that would be so much fun. We could decorate the roof and make the guys wear tuxedos.
What pressure? All I said was you look handsome. Can you please open the door?
Sheldon, this is silly. I’m not missing another prom. I’m going upstairs now. Good-bye.
Well, you can relax. Just because you think I look pretty doesn’t mean we have to spend the night together.
I’m always hoping. But tonight I just wanted to have a nice time with you. And maybe dance with someone who has arms.
Of course I understand. Sheldon, there’s something else I’ve been wanting to say, but before I do, I just, I want you to know that you don’t have to say it back. I know you’re not ready, and I don’t want you to say it just because social convention dictates…
This is an easy one. You love this guy.
It’s not you. Now think, there’s a car named after him.
How about this, he’s a poor man’s Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon, it’s a routine procedure, I’ve heard you complain about his snoring.
Don’t worry about that. I’m happy to take you to work.
He probably got a new one. Finish your breakfast. Look, there’s an entire section of my dashboard that doesn’t have any syrup on it.
I’m odd all the time, everyone knows that. Just last night I tried to see how many fava beans I could fit in my mouth.
All right. Don’t get upset, but, an earlier appointment opened up for Leonard and he’s getting the surgery right now.
Fine. It’s sweet that you care about him so much.
He wore me down. And I was distracted, he has on extra baby powder today.
Come on, let’s talk about something other than the surgery.
Stubbed his toe on the revolving door on the way in.
Penny has a good point. This is like the man in the supermarket with the goiter on his neck. Whatever you’re thinking, just keep it to yourself.
And I’m sure he knew that before you held a grapefruit up next to it.
Don’t be like that. You two need to talk this out.
Hold on. You’re getting married and you didn’t invite me?
Wow. Hope I can catch the bouquet from here.
Sheldon, when I’m ready to talk, I’ll let you know.
If you must know, I’m going to Howard and Bernadette’s to watch the wedding.
I’m not gonna be alone. I’ll be with my friends.
Maybe because the two of us being there would make them feel awkward.
We were together for so long, I honestly don’t know what I’m feeling.
Sheldon, you being here might not be making things better.
They didn’t invite everybody but you.Bernadette invited me, and Stuart lives here.
It’s because you’re not giving me any space to think.
You know what, Sheldon, you’ve made this really easy. You’re immature, you’re selfish, you just insulted me to my face. I don’t need any more time to think. We’re broken up.
I just hope I did the right thing.
Yeah, well, we both made mistakes, you know. I took the last breadstick, you gushed over my ex-boyfriend like he was Leonard Nimoy and you were my ex-boyfriend.
Well, I was wondering if you’d like to get dinner again sometime.
Why not? He’s actually a very nice guy.
That’s nothing Sheldon hasn’t done before. Dave’s just a big fan of his work. Besides, he said he wouldn’t bring it up again.
Oh, he’s coming here. I’m actually making dinner.
You know what? Good. I tried to get back together with Sheldon, he shot me down. Dave likes me. Maybe intimate is what I need.
When you were married, did your wife cook?
Uh, about five years. I’m actually thinking of moving to a better place now that I don’t need to be so close to, well, you know.
Yeah. Anyway, he doesn’t drive, so, I pretty much had to take him everywhere.
No, it, it’s okay, and we are on a date. I’m, I’m just a little nervous.
You know, I’m just being silly. I, I don’t know what I’m waiting for.
Okay. Good night. Wait. Um, Sheldon, were you actually not gonna spend my birthday with me?
I heard that new Mexican place on Green Street is good.
Why would I get a bikini wax for my birthday?
You shut your damn mouth. You actually heard him say this?
I, I can’t believe it. I, I don’t know what to say.
I do know what to say. Let’s get me waxed.
That’s okay. Come on in. Thank you. Um, I’ll, I’m gonna go put these in water.
So, what’d you have in mind for tonight?
Um, that sounds nice, but I’m not really hungry right now. I thought maybe we could do presents first.
You mean before you give it to me?
Sheldon, I know your present is for us to be intimate tonight.
So, um, should I get under the covers with you?
Well, I’ve been waiting for this for so long, I’ve just built it up in my head. I don’t know what to expect.
What makes a best Best Buy the best Best Buy?
Uh, please tell me what to say next.
Oh. Sheldon, thank you. That’s so romantic. But what about Rajesh? He was okay with you choosing the name?
Okay, I think I know what to say now.
Why don’t you tell me what happened, and in a gentle, loving way, I’ll explain to you why you’re wrong.
Ooh. Gentle and loving, this is gonna be tricky.
Sheldon, when you’re sick, you can be unbearable. That’s why your friends have been known to work late or sneak out to the movies or stay at a neurobiology conference three days after it’s ended.
No, no, not just that. I mean, Detroit is beautiful when it’s sleeting.
Ooh, I just heard something. Might be hail, might be gunfire. Either way, I’m gonna go take pictures. Bye.
Did you refuse to apologize and act like they were stupid for being mad?
Everyone tried to take care of you, and you were nothing but mean to them.
Who else’s side could you have been on?
Sheldon, I understand that you’re upset because you feel left out, but I don’t know why we’re even talking about this. Just apologize to them.
Maybe you could try apologizing because you actually feel bad. It’s called empathy. It’s something you could work on.
Great. Now try it as if this isn’t your first day as a person.
That’s great. And look at you, sitting in Sheldon’s spot. You know, I don’t even get to sit there.
Well, this is so nice. He’s so excited to have you here and…
Well, I, I’m, I’m sure you’ll like me once you get to know me.
I’m curious. Why do you call Sheldon Moon Pie?
Oh, well, you know, now, now that I’m hearing it, it does sound familiar.
I have a relationship and a full-time career, too.
Why not? You, you just said it’s okay for her to work.
Look, I, I get that you’re protective of your grandson, but he’s an adult now. Maybe I understand what he needs better than you do.
The minute you left the room, your precious meemaw started giving me a really hard time. I don’t need this.
Sheldon, will you please tell your grandmother to stay out of this?
Who said I even want to be engaged to him? And if I do, I, I don’t need your hand-me-downs.
Don’t speak to him like he’s a child.
Look, I know you think I’m not right for Sheldon, but trust me, I’m his best shot. You have no idea how much I put up with.
Really? You know what it’s like to have date night ruined because Google changed their font?
Well, if you understand, then why are you giving me such a hard time?
I think what Sheldon means to say is we’ve both grown together. Isn’t that right?
So if he wanted to give me that engagement ring, we would have your blessing?
Okay, and we are live in 22 minutes.
People who are fans of an Internet show about flags? Trust me, they’re around.
Okay, we are live in five, four, three, oh, wait, oh shoot, I already pushed the button. Never mind, we’re live.
Consider tonight’s episode a Valentine’s Day gift for you, our viewers.
Since we’re live, you’ll finally be able to reach out to us with your flag thoughts and flag questions.
No, I just blink a lot, it’s not Morse code for rescue me. Oh, uh, ok, uh, here’s our first call. Hello, and welcome to Fun With Flags. What’s your question?
I, I think it starts with good communication.
Rajesh, it’s perfectly normal to have doubts after breaking up with someone.
Oh. Uh, we-we have another caller. Hi. You’re on Fun with Flags.
Look, I know you both feel bad about being alone, but sometimes the best thing you can do is take a little time for yourself, especially when you just got out of a relationship.
Now? Oh, looks like we just lost Kripke.
I have an idea. Maybe someone in our audience would be interested in meeting Rajesh. Ladies, I can attest that he is a kind, handsome, intelligent…
…spoiled astrophysicist who not only… oh. Well, that was quick. Hi. You’re on Fun with Flags.
No, hold on, Rajesh. You know, you’re not being very sympathetic. You know first hand that breakups are hard.
Interesting, and when would you use the singular?
I wouldn’t make too much out of Howard not reacting the way you expected him to.
Hey, let’s go do something to get your mind off this.
Are you hungry? How about that sushi place you love?
Maybe you should get a new doctor. What, he said you can’t laugh either?
Think about all the fun things you get to do when you have a baby.
Oh, and I just found a new travel cup for Sheldon. It only lets out three at a time. So, when did you guys decide to get pregnant?
Me, me, me too. I’m a grown-up and I’ve done it.
I do know what that’s like. I really do.
Would you like to sing karaoke with us.
He used a period instead of a question mark. He’s so wasted.
So Sheldon, there’s something I’ve been wanting to talk about but I know it’s kind of a touchy subject.
Well, your birthday’s coming up, and you’ve never let us celebrate it, and I was hoping maybe this year we could.
Okay, great, I mean, it doesn’t have to be a big party or anything. I was just, where’d he go?
But it’s the one day a year that’s just all about you.
You realize none of those things would happen now?
Well, you made my last birthday so memorable, I wanted to return the favour.
Okay, so how do you feel about party balloons?
Well, I think they just want you to see it for the first time all decorated.
Well, I’m, I’m sure they’ll ask you to give a speech, and that’s when you just tear ’em a new one. Have to say, you, you do look good in that suit.
Maybe later I’ll, uh, get to see you in your birthday suit.
Oh. Penny says everyone’s there. Are you ready?
Well, don’t you think I’m the one who should go in?
Well, I’ve, you know, seen him without pants on.
If I may, I, I’d like to propose a toast. Um, thank you all for coming tonight. I know it’s customary for the birthday boy to receive presents, but I feel like I got the greatest gift the day he was born.
We’ve got someone who couldn’t be here but really wanted to wish you a happy birthday.
So, have you been having any morning sickness?
You don’t need to be pregnant to smell that load of crap.
These things go for five hundred dollars and up.
Are you sure you don’t want to stay here with us?
Well, to be fair, Howard’s idea was based on Sheldon’s math.
You should see the Valentine’s Day card he gave me.
Deaw Aby, could you pleathe dwive be to the twain thtow thubtibe tobowow?
Sheldon, why don’t you get a new computer? You know that one’s out-of-date.
The video is failing, and the sound is cutting out.
The video is failing, and the sound is cutting out.
I got here as quickly as I could.
That lab monkey told me he loved me in sign language.
Look, I’m, I’m sorry for your loss, but I think I have something that might make you feel better. I got you a new computer.
Well, the guy at the store said this one is great.
Knock it off or I’ll start making W-H sounds for words that just have a W.
Or you could just look into my eyes.
Well, you know, as long as you’re happy.
And Rick said you could bring in your old one to recycle it.
Oh, but he said you can get store credit.
Okay. How ’bout we change it to why you’re being weird about this?
Well, I signed one before we slept together. Why not now?
Will you please tell me where we’re going?
I’m driving the car. I need to know.
Do you want me to hold that computer?
I’m sorry. What, what am I looking at?
Okay. Well, I would like to tell you that there is nothing here to be ashamed of. So I’m gonna need a minute.
Okay, why do you have a bin of pine cones?
So, why do you feel you need to save these things?
It’s okay, Sheldon. You know, I’ve saved a lot of weird things, too.
Well, um, did you know I have a microscope slide with a little bit of tissue from the first brain I ever dissected?
That’s me, your emotional outhouse. You know, if you ever decide you want to do something about this, I’m, I’m here for you.
Sheldon, I am not doing Fun With Flags with you.
Sheldon, this has to stop. I know it’s hard. It’s hard for me, too. But I’ve seen and talked to you more in the two days we’ve been broken up than in the last two months that we were together.
And you didn’t do your compulsive knocking ritual so I would open the door.
You mean the night that I went ice-skating, and you stood at the rail googling the symptoms of hypothermia?
Anybody can make a mistake in a weak moment.
Come on, you know Leonard’s not like that.
I don’t know what you were thinking, but take the video down now.
I only watched it because you e-mailed it to me with the subject line this is gonna make you mad.
You know, if you really want to be in nature, why don’t we rent a cabin?
We could all go for the weekend. It’ll be fun.
You know, if that study’s real, Leonard might come back smarter than you.
Have you ever been off the grid before?
Sheldon, all we did was walk in from the car.
She’s trying to think of something she’s never done before. This could take a while.
Okay. My turn. Um, never have I ever completely rocked my girlfriend’s world in bed.
Never have I ever cancelled a dentist appointment.
Never have I ever honked if I liked anything.
Never have I ever put salt on my food without trying it first.
Well, I know how he feels. I never enjoyed our relationship agreement meetings.
Oh, Sheldon, I never thought re-filing a matter in a standing subcommittee could be so fascinating.
Do you guys want to watch with us?
You know, like women, men have a monthly hormone cycle. Dips in testosterone can cause irritability.
Well, I just took your side ’cause sometimes I get annoyed at how close Sheldon and Penny are.
Who’s the only one who can make him take his medicine when he’s sick?
Okay. And did you know she has him add things to the roommate agreement so she can get her way and not fight with you about it?
Who told you to stop making all those Gandhi jokes about him?
Because you were defending Sheldon like you always do.
But you always say that you want to win a Nobel Prize.
Well, it sounds like a nice night. We should go.
Well, I’m going. You couldn’t stop me from getting a massage at the mall, and you’re not stopping me now.
And I shouldn’t have to see my boyfriend riding on a train for children around the mall.
And now you know why I needed the massage.
Oh, I do. It was three years ago.
Hey, Penny, isn’t that your old boyfriend Zack?
It’s true. Even Einstein’s theory of relativity was later applied to the development of nuclear weapons.
So, Claire, we’ve heard so many wonderful things about you.
What are you doing here? You’re not Sheldon.
Hold on. He paid you to get out of spending time with me?
Can you understand why I might be annoyed right now?
You know, just when I think we’re making progress in our relationship, we revert to our old patterns where thoughts and feelings go unexpressed. I mean, if he didn’t want to go shopping with me, why didn’t he just say so?
I’m sorry, I’ve been going on and on.
I called him babe once. He asked me to get a drug test.
Do you realize it took me five years to get a massage from him?
Three minutes. And he used a kitchen timer. I felt like a soft-boiled egg.
Bernadette, I’ll give you five dollars to slam the door.
Oh, was it, uh, Dr. Jenofski? I just saw his TED Talk.
Well, he’s come a long way. Or a short way very slowly, so it feels like a long way.
Oh, sure. I’ll, I’ll talk to Sheldon about it. You know, Bernadette’s husband is a former astronaut.
I know how you feel. She didn’t invite any of us.
Huh. But if I were to, say, wear a purple satin dress with a sweetheart neckline and stand near you, you wouldn’t be able to stop me, right?
Wait, now I’m just some lousy maid of honour?
Oh, well, the usual gang. Penny’s family is coming tomorrow.
I know we’re not making a fuss, but in the spirit of bachelorette parties, I made cookies in the shape of male genitals.
Boy, that was a long night for me.
Fine, I guess. I’ve been focusing on me. I was thinking about changing my wardrobe.
But then I decided I don’t want to go changing who I am just because of some man.
Actually, I was thinking of making one small change.
My mom said pierced ears were for whores, pirates and genies.
I know, but Sheldon had this clause in the Relationship Agreement forbidding cosmetic surgery unless it’s to look like a Klingon.
You’re right. I should probably let all of my Facebook friends know. Penny, I’m no longer in a relationship.
How long do you think you can keep it from him?
That wasn’t so bad. Nice. Boy, if my mom could see me now, she’d lock me in the sin closet.
Actually, the joke was on her. I could still see the TV through the slats.
Well, it’s kind of sad that they don’t know. I mean, they love Leonard.
Uh, well, actually, to be honest, I haven’t told her yet.
I’m feeling a little dizzy from all the blood loss. I don’t know what you’re talking about.
Easy for you to say. You never had to watch 60 Minutes like this.
Oh, maybe later. Your pig dying made me sad. And a little hungry.
You saw that, huh? Hi, Mom. How are you doing? Oh, good. How’s work? That’s nice. I’m fine. Hey, listen, I’ve been meaning to ask, how come Aunt Doe and Aunt Florence never got along?
I don’t know how to help you. You know, feelings are a part of life.
I don’t think that was the point of the movie.
You really should’ve gone on the Internet and checked how long that kind of thing lives before you got one.
Hey, I know Sheldon’s quirky, but he’s also brilliant and insightful. I think calling him a weirdo is a little unfair.
Well, for starters, you might want to rethink some of this artwork. I mean, this woman’s actually on a leash like a dog.
Have you thought about advertising directly to females?
Do you not hear how creepy that sounds?
Stuart, believe it or not, I understand. You know, before I met Sheldon, I was alone for a really long time. I was so desperate for people to like me, when I met these guys, it took everything in my power to hide my insecurity.
I don’t have much experience turning men down. It wasn’t so much fun.
Hi, how are you? I was wondering if you’d like to get a drink after work sometime.
I don’t know. I guess I assumed that I would eventually date other people, but this is happening so fast.
Well, I was hoping the next person I dated would be a little less like Sheldon.
I didn’t know you were interested in dating.
Oh. Okay. Anyway, um, it’s nice to see you. You look good.
I’m not sure how I feel about this.
Uh, excuse me, can I have my phone back?
Okay, I’m starting to feel guilty. Aren’t we being a little mean?
Because it’s new and weird and I’m just trying to figure it all out. And I knew if I told you guys I had been out with a few people that you’d get way too excited about it.
It’s going fine. It’s mostly just been meeting people for coffee.
Well, I don’t have much experience dating, so I decided it would be good for me to, you know, get out there a little.
Okay. But I’m really stepping outside of my comfort zone here.
Well, some people think the sexiest organ is the brain.
Do you have any heels higher than this? He’s pretty tall.
Well, I told you his name and that he’s tall. What more do you need?
Fine. Um, he’s British. All right, that is a juicy one.
Well, I’m having a good time, too. If you don’t mind me asking, why did you and your wife split up?
No. I mean, to be completely honest, I’ve, I’ve only been in one long-term relationship.
That’s a good question. After five years, it was just feeling like more work than it should be.
Um, used to be string theory, now it’s dark matter. But let’s not discuss Sheldon. Let’s get back to you.
I’m trying not to. Do you know him?
Yes. Yep. We were on a date. Very much like this one.
Really? You-you want me to introduce you to my ex-boyfriend?
That’s, um, terrific. Listen, I’m, I’m kind of tired. Can we call it a night?
No problem. I’m really sorry about your car.
Um, listen, you’re a really nice guy, but I just, I don’t think this is working out.
Sheldon, I can tell you want to go, so if you’d be comfortable with it, maybe we could go as friends.
Well it is Thanksgiving in an aquarium cafeteria, so I’m gonna go out on a limb here and say yes. But if you mean between us, I think it’ll be fine.
Did you know they served shellfish and eel at the very first Thanksgiving?
I might go visit my aunt next week.
Sheldon. We’ve known each other a long time. We are perfectly capable of having a conversation without relying on a list off the Internet.
I don’t know. Just ask me whatever comes to mind.
No. It’s okay. If we’re friends, we should be able to talk about anything.
So, you had some questions about me seeing other people.
Let’s see. I have been on six dates with three different people. It was either for coffee or dinner. One I met at a bookstore and two I met online. I haven’t slept with anyone. The aquarium is 40 minutes away. And there’s a baggie of Cheerios for you in the glove compartment.
You’re just upset ’cause they ran out of Pilgrim hats.
Well, it wouldn’t be a holiday without you being mad at a baby.
It’s a game where you’re given three people and you choose which one you’d kiss, marry, or kill.
Hmm. Well, I wouldn’t fight the eel, because I know it can generate enough current to kill a horse. So I’d eat the eel, fight the shrimp, and befriend the pufferfish, because it would be nice to have company on those days I feel bloated.
Thank you. Okay, your turn. Hmm. Seal, hagfish, SpongeBob SquarePants.
But you can pal around with a hagfish?
Isn’t that gross? I mean, a hagfish can produce enough mucus to fill a bucket in a minute.
Hi, Sheldon. I’m just driving home from my mother’s.
I did. Um, listen, I really enjoyed spending this morning with you.
It was. Uh, listen, I, I was thinking that, um, maybe I’m ready to be your girlfriend again.
