Chandler : So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Chandler : Sounds like a date to me. (CUT TO SAME SET)
Chandler : Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realise I am totally naked.
Chandler : Then I look down, and I realise there's a phone... there.
Chandler : That's right.
Chandler : All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. And it turns out it's my mother, which is very weird, because- she never calls me! (CUT TO SAME SET. Ross HAS NOW ENTERED)
Chandler : Cookie?
Chandler : Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (THE OTHERS STARE AT HIM) Did I say that out loud?
Chandler : And I just want a million dollars! (EXTENDS HIS Hand HOPEFULLY)
Chandler : (RE TV) Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Chandler : Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
Chandler : Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Chandler : I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
Chandler : (DEADPAN) Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Chandler : I have no idea. (Joey CHECKS Ross IS NOT LOOKING and DUMPS IN IN A PLANT POT)
Chandler : All finished!
Chandler : Oh, man.
Chandler : Stay out of my freezer! (CUT TO THE RESTAURANT)
Chandler : That is amazing.
Chandler : Hi, Paul, is it? (Monica and PAUL WALK TO THE DOOR and TALK IN A LOW VOICE SO THE OTHERS CAN'T HEAR. THE OTHERS SHUNT Monica'S TABLE CLOSER TO TO THE DOOR SO THEY CAN)
Chandler : All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
Chandler : 'Look, Gippetto, I'm a real live boy.'
Chandler : You're right, I'm sorry. (BURSTS INTO SONG and DANCES OUT OF THE DOOR) 'Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..' (EXIT Joey and Chandler)
Chandler : And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
Chandler : Oh, how well you know me...
Chandler : Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
Chandler : Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Chandler : You got waaaay too much free time.
Chandler : Happy birthday, pal!
Chandler : Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty".
Chandler : Eleven days before Hallowe'en.. all the good costumes are gone?
Chandler : (TRYING TO STOP Ross LEAVING) C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy, (PRETENDING TO PUNCH HIM IN THE STOMACH) huh? huh? huh?
Chandler : (STOPS) I have no idea.
Chandler : You got it. (Rachel RUNS UP CLUTCHING AN ENVELOPE)
Chandler : (LOOKING) Oh, this is not that bad.
Chandler : ...Poulet passes it up to Leech! (PASSES TO Joey)
Chandler : We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
Chandler : Yes, Bunny?
Chandler : (TO Joey) Could've been a peach.
Chandler : What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
Chandler : (TO Ross) See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
Chandler : He's open!
Chandler : Hey, look, we're on that TV thing! (Chandler and Joey HOLD UP THE PUCK and WAVE AT THE TV THING) (AD BREAK) SCENE 5: EMERGENCY ROOM (Chandler and Joey LEADING Ross IN)
Chandler : (TO RECEPTIONIST)'Scuse me.
Chandler : Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. (RECEPTIONIST GIVES HIM A LOOK TO FREEZE HELL)
Chandler : Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? (SHE SLIDES THE GLASS PANEL OVER. Chandler TALKS THROUGH IT IN A LOUD VOICE)
Chandler : Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other. (TO THE E.R.) Y'know, I feel like I've lost her.. (SHE SLIDES THE PANEL BACK. HE TURNS and IT TAKES HIM BY SURPRISE) Ba-! (CUT TO THE GIRLS ON MON+RACH'S BALCONY)
Chandler : Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Chandler : Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
Chandler : Then what?
Chandler : So in your whole life, you've only been with one- (HE GETS A LOOK TOO) -oh.
Chandler : I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic..
Chandler : No, you kidding? The guy's a freak.. (ENTER Ross OFF CAMERA) Both: Hey, buddy.
Chandler : Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Chandler : You gotta do it, man.
Chandler : Thanks. (THE GUY NODS and LEAVES)
Chandler : Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.
Chandler : Alright. (TO PHONE) Yes, this is Rachel.
Chandler : To the left, to the left- aww! (THEY COLLAPSE)
Chandler : We can? All right, I'm tryin' that.
Chandler : So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
Chandler : Not a one.
Chandler : Oh, right, right, shut up.
Chandler : No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Chandler : Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.
Chandler : Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Chandler : Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
Chandler : It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
Chandler : Yuh-huh.
Chandler : Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear--do you want it to be dirty?
Chandler : Oh, and uh, the fabric softener?
Chandler : There you go. Scene: A fancy restaurant. [ Joey and Monica are there, meeting Angela and Bob, who Monica thinks is Angela's brother.]
Chandler : Where are they? Where are they?
Chandler : It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Chandler : Here we go.
Chandler : Hey, Janice.
Chandler : Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : [covering] What... did you get me there?
Chandler : Bullwinkle socks. That's so sweet.
Chandler : That's great. [The drinks arrive, and Chandler downs his espresso in one gulp.]
Chandler : Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Chandler : That's it?
Chandler : Oh, yeah, that hug looked pretty brutal.
Chandler : Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Chandler : Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, [Chandler flails his hand out and hits Janice in the eye]... boom.
Chandler : Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?
Chandler : Oh, I don't know, a million?
Chandler : I'm fine.
Chandler : I'm not fine. Here she comes.
Chandler : How do you do that?
Chandler : We should always always break up together.
Chandler : I'm free! I'm free!
Chandler : You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
Chandler : (STARING AT A WOMAN ACRoss THE ROOM) Ross, ten o'clock.
Chandler : No, ten o'clock.
Chandler : (SIGHS and GESTURES TO EXPLAIN) There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
Chandler : She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Chandler : Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Chandler : Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Chandler : Thank you, buddy.
Chandler : Y'think?
Chandler : Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Chandler : Here goes. (HE WALKS OVER TO HER BUT JUST STandS THERE)
Chandler : Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... (CLEARS HIS THROAT NOISILY)...hi.
Chandler : Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. (WALKS BACK TO THE OTHERS BUT SHE CAllS HIM BACK)
Chandler : (RUNNING BACK) She said yes!! She said yes!! (TO Joey) Awful play, man. Whoah. (TO All) Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way. (TO Joey) Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. (FISHES A CARD OUT OF HIS POCKET)
Chandler : Hey, kids.
Chandler : Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Chandler : It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army... (FLASHBACK OF Aurora and Chandler ON THEIR DATE IN Central Perk [denoted by italics])
Chandler : Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
Chandler : We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less. Aurora :...All of a sudden we realised we were in Yammon.
Chandler : Oh, I'm sorry, so 'we' is?
Chandler : Who's Rick?
Chandler : Oh, so you're divorced?
Chandler : Oh, I'm sorry, then you're widowed?...Hopefully?
Chandler : So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Chandler : Ethan? There's, there's an Ethan?
Chandler : So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend? Aurora: I suppose mainly sexual.
Chandler : ...Hm.
Chandler : What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Chandler : Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good stuff: all the fun, all the talking, all the sex; and none of the responsibility. I mean, this is every guy's fantasy!
Chandler : Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Chandler : Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Chandler : Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Chandler : Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Chandler : Where's Joey? His mom's on the phone.
Chandler : C'mon, we're roommates! (HE GOES INTO THE BATHROOM, SCREAMS and RUNS OUT) My eyes!! My eyes!!
Chandler : Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Chandler : Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know.. (HE STARTS TO RAID THE FRIDGE)
Chandler : No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door? (HE HAS ARMLOADS OF STUFF)
Chandler : God, I love these fingers...
Chandler : No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Chandler : Oh no nonononononnononono, don't go.. (KISSES HER and PULLS HER BACK DOWN)
Chandler : Don't go.
Chandler : (TO HIMSELF) Too bad, she's leaving.
Chandler : Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
Chandler : What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
Chandler : I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Chandler : Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Chandler : Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
Chandler : You.
Chandler : Nono, just you.
Chandler : Lose the other guys.
Chandler : C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Chandler : ...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
Chandler : I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Chandler : ...The second guy.
Chandler : Sorry, the first guy runs the lips. (SHE LEAVES. Chandler SIGHS and FAllS BACK ON HIS BED) SCENE 7: Rachel and Monica'S (Ross IS TRYING TO COMFORT Chandler. Joey IS ABSENT)
Chandler : (TO Ross) 'Big guy'?
Chandler : Something so sweet and... disturbing about that.
Chandler : Oh, great. This is just... [Chandler sees that there is a gorgeous model inside the vestibule with him. He makes a gesture of quiet exuberance.] Credits Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. [ Monica is on the phone with her mother. Phoebe, Rachel, and Ross are there.]
Chandler : Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
Chandler : She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! [pause] Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Chandler : Jill says vestibule... I'm going with vestibule.
Chandler : Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy. [Chandler strides proudly across the vestibule and Jill stares at him.] Scene: Monica's apartment. [ Joey enters with a menorah, the candles lit.]
Chandler : Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile! [Chandler smiles at her, she smiles back sweetly.]
Chandler : There you go! [He continues to smile like an idiot, and she looks frightened.]
Chandler : You're definitely scaring here.
Chandler : Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. [takes phone] Scene: Monica's apartment. [ The phone rings; it's Chandler.]
Chandler : Hey, it's me.
Chandler : Yeah, I'm fine. [trying to cover up what he is saying] I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
Chandler : I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr!
Chandler : [angry] Put Joey on the phone.
Chandler : I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth JLL GDCR.
Chandler : Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind. Scene: Monica's apartment [ time has passed. The five are sitting around the coffee table talking.]
Chandler : Um, is it sugarless?
Chandler : Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it. Scene: Monica's apartment. [ Phoebe is singing.]
Chandler : You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. [Jill gives him a stick of gum, and a strange look] 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself. Scene: The hallway of Monica's building. [ Phoebe and Rachel are trying to find the cat's owner.]
Chandler : [chewing gum] Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go. [Chandler waits until Jill is looking, then starts to blow a bubble. But instead of blow one, he accidentally spits the gum out of his mouth and hits the wall.]
Chandler : Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth. [Chandler slyly grabs the gum from the wall and slides it back in his mouth.]
Chandler : Good save! We're back on track, and I'm... [grimacing] ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking. [Chandler starts to choke.]
Chandler : [gasping] Yes... thank you. That was... that was....
Chandler : OK.
Chandler : Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
Chandler : Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this? Shelley: Question. You're not dating anybody, are you, because I met somebody who would be perfect for you.
Chandler : Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'... Shelley: Do you want a date Saturday?
Chandler : Yes please. Shelley: Okay. He's cute, he's funny, he's-
Chandler : He's a he? Shelley: Well yeah! ...Oh God. I- just- I thought- Good, Shelley. I'm just gonna go flush myself down the toilet now- [backs out of the room] -okay, goodbye... [Opening credits] [Scene 1: Mon+Rach's. Everyone is there.]
Chandler : ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Chandler : You did?
Chandler : Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
Chandler : You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Chandler : Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Chandler : Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him? All: Yeah! Right!
Chandler : WHAT IS IT?!
Chandler : Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. [Phone rings; Mon gets it]
Chandler : I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?
Chandler : Hey, gorgeous. Shelley: [Sheepish] Hey. Look, I'm sorry about yesterday, I, um-
Chandler : No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake. Shelley: Oh! Okay! Phew!
Chandler : So, uh... what do you think it is about me? Shelley: I dunno, uh... you just have a-a...
Chandler : ...Quality, right, great. Shelley: Y'know, it's a shame, because you and Lowell would've made a great couple.
Chandler : Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with? Shelley: What? He's cute!
Chandler : Well, yeah... 's'no Brian in Payroll. Shelley: Is Brian...?
Chandler : No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him. Shelley: Well, I think Brian's a little out of your league.
Chandler : Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not. [Cut to Nana's]
Chandler : Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it? [They all leave] Scene 8: The cemetary, after the funeral
Chandler : Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
Chandler : You're watching a football game at a funeral?
Chandler : You are a frightening, frightening man. [Rachel steps in a patch of mud]
Chandler : Oh, no- Andrea: Sorry- Hi, I'm Dorothy's daughter.
Chandler : Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is. [They shake hands. Cut to Ross emerging from a hallway, grinning inanely. He is obviously very stoned]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Who are those people?
Chandler : Hey, Lowell. Lowell: Hey, Chandler.
Chandler : So how's it going there in Financial Services? Lowell: It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?
Chandler : Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not. Lowell: I know. That's what I told her.
Chandler : Really. Lowell: Yeah.
Chandler : So- you can tell? Lowell: Pretty much, most of the time. We have a kind of... radar.
Chandler : So you don't think I have a, a quality? Lowell: Speaking for my people, I'd have to say no. By the way, your friend Brian from Payroll, he is.
Chandler : He is ? Lowell: Yup, and waaay out of your league. [Exits]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
Chandler : That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Chandler : Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Chandler : Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
Chandler : Yes, every single one of them.
Chandler : I thought it was $98.50.
Chandler : I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head. [Rachel enters.]
Chandler : All right, I'm nine years old.
Chandler : We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Chandler : Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse. [Scene: The subway. Joey spots a gorgeous woman waiting. He goes up to her.]
Chandler : Tonight, on a very special Blossom. Commercial [Scene: Monica's apartment. Monica is cooking Thanksgiving dinner. Chandler is standing in the doorwar, not wanting to participate in the festivities.]
Chandler : Oh, you must stop shooping.
Chandler : No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment. [Phoebe takes a slice of pumpkin pie and waves it in front of Chandler's face.]
Chandler : Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore. [Chandler leaves.]
Chandler : The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
Chandler : No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Chandler : Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Chandler : Do either of you have the keys?
Chandler : [sarcastic] For an emergency just like this.
Chandler : Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. [They walk in. Smoke fills the apartment.]
Chandler : Now this feels like Thanksgiving. [Time lapse. Everyone is upset with each other. Phoebe is at the window.]
Chandler : Shall I carve?
Chandler : Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
Chandler : I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Chandler : Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Chandler : Might wanna open with the snowman. [Enter Joey] All: Hey, Joey. Hey, buddy.
Chandler : Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this holiday: desperate scramble to find anything with lips just so you can have someone to kiss when the ball drops!! Man, I'm talking loud!
Chandler : It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner. All: Yeah, okay. Alright.
Chandler : Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm. All: Woooo! Yeah!
Chandler : [Quietly, to the others] That guy's going home with a note! David: Noth- I was- I was just saying to my-
Chandler : Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
Chandler : Yeah, 'cause I already asked Janice.
Chandler : I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
Chandler : I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped! [Enter Joey. His shoes have bells on, which jingle as he walks. He is wearing a long coat.]
Chandler : Too many jokes... must mock Joey!
Chandler : Aah, y'killing me! [Marcel knocks over some kitchen tools]
Chandler : Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Chandler : Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie. [Scene 3: Max and David's lab. David is explaining something to Phoebe with the aid of a whiteboard.] David: ...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.
Chandler : Fun Bobby? Your ex-boyfriend Fun Bobby?
Chandler : I happen to know a Fun Bob.
Chandler : That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Chandler : Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
Chandler : With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Chandler : Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon... [Max runs in] Max: Phoebe. Hi.
Chandler : You remember Janice.
Chandler : [Imitating] But you found me! Janice: Here, Ross, take our picture. [Hands him a camera and he starts snapping] Smile! You're on Janice Camera!
Chandler : Kill me. Kill me now. [Someone else knocks on the door. Monica looks through the spyhole]
Chandler : Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we- Janice: Oh, no. Oh, no.
Chandler : I'm sorry you misunderstood... Janice: Oh my God. You listen to me, Chandler, you listen to me. One of these times is just gonna be your last chance with me. [She runs off] [Ross is still taking photos]
Chandler : Oh, will you give me the thing. [Snatches the camera] [David is feeding Phoebe popcorn. Max walks up]
Chandler : [To a woman who he has clearly just met] And then the peacock bit me. [Laughs] Please kiss me at midnight. [She leaves]
Chandler : Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Chandler : And the moment of joy is upon us.
Chandler : Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. [Makes kiss noise]
Chandler : Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Chandler : Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
Chandler : Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend at Bernie's is on Showtime, HBL and Cinemax.
Chandler : Exactly. Weekend at Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Chandler : Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch'.
Chandler : You can say that because she's not your mom.
Chandler : Shhh, busy beaming with pride. Mrs. Bing (TV): ...This is kind of embarrassing, but occasionally after I've been intimate with a man...
Chandler : Now why would she say that's embarrassing? All: Shhh. Mrs. Bing (TV): ...I just get this craving for Kung Pow Chicken.
Chandler : THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!! Jay Leno (TV): Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going? Mrs. Bing (TV): Oh, fine. I'm leaving for New York tomorrow, which I hate- but I get to see my son, who I love... All: Awww!
Chandler : This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone. Jay Leno (TV): Y'know, don't take this wrong, I-I just don't see you a-as a mom, somehow.. I don't mean that, I don't mean that bad... Mrs. Bing (TV): Oh no, I am a fabulous mom! I bought my son his first condoms. [The gang turn to look at Chandler]
Chandler : ...And then he burst into flames. [Scene 3: A montage of Mon+Pheebs' visits to the hospital, with 'My Guy' playing in the background. It starts with Monica reading Coma Guy a newspaper]
Chandler : Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken. Mrs. Bing: Oh, you watched the show! What'd you think?
Chandler : Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
Chandler : I know I am. Mrs. Bing: Who's doing shots?
Chandler : Myyy mother, ladies and gentlemen. [Cut to Mrs. Bing on the telephone] Mrs. Bing: Yeah, any messages for room 226? [Ross emerges from a toilet marked 'Chicas'] Mrs. Bing: You okay there, slugger?
Chandler : What are you guys doing out here?
Chandler : Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. [Goes back inside and shuts the door]
Chandler : Oh my God.
Chandler : I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : [To Joey] You knew about this?
Chandler : I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
Chandler : [To Ross] I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
Chandler : Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
Chandler : I can't believe you did this. [Walks toward the door]
Chandler : I'm still mad at you for not telling me.
Chandler : You gotta let me slam the door! [Leaves; slams the door]
Chandler : What was that?
Chandler : Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? [Goes to the counter]
Chandler : Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Chandler : Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom! [People turn to look]
Chandler : That's very funny. We done now?
Chandler : That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
Chandler : No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. Mrs. Bing: Alright, well, be good, I love you. [Kisses him and goes to leave]
Chandler : You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect. Mrs. Bing: [Reentering] O-kay. Look, it, it was stupid.
Chandler : Really stupid. Mrs. Bing: Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
Chandler : Yeah. No. No... [Cut to Joey listening at the door. Ross walks up]
Chandler : Yeah, okay. Mrs. Bing: Alright. [Kisses him]
Chandler : Nice save. [She walks down the hall]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Yeah, why not. [They shake hands] So I told her.
Chandler : Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse.
Chandler : Pretty good! I told her.
Chandler : No no no no, we're done. OPENING CREDITS [Scene: At girls' apartment; Monica working in kitchen] Monica [on phone]: Stop yelling! All I'm saying is that if you had told me vegetarian lasagna, I would have made vegetarian lasagna. [pauses, listens to person on phone] Well, the meat's only every third layer, maybe you could scrape. [Camera moves to Chandler, Phoebe, Ross and Joey sitting in living room]
Chandler : And, we're done with the yogurt. [sets yogurt down on table]
Chandler : Ah, it's just a weekend, big deal!
Chandler : Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever! [Joey opens door, throws keys on kitchen table, table falls over]
Chandler : You think? [Scene: Carol's apartment. Knock at door]
Chandler : Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?
Chandler : What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
Chandler : Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
Chandler : Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
Chandler : What do you mean, like, buy it together?
Chandler : You think we're ready for something like that?
Chandler : Well, it's a big--it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Chandler : I'm not moving out.
Chandler : Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip
Chandler : It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly
Chandler : Aw, don't do that Phoebe's
Chandler : Hey Phoebe!
Chandler : Fine. [Joey and Chandler walk towards the door]
Chandler : More coffee over here, please!
Chandler : Oooohhh...
Chandler : So what are you gonna do?
Chandler : Oh, yeah, you have to tell her.
Chandler : That's patio furniture!
Chandler : You pick one.
Chandler : Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
Chandler : Not like that, I won't! [pauses] Kip would have liked the birds! [Joey turns and gives Chandler a dirty look] [Scene: girls' apartment. Rachel folding and packing clothes in suitcases. Phoebe enters]
Chandler : So, what do you think?
Chandler : I know!
Chandler : What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Chandler : My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! [Ross and Chandler look off into the distance. Joey, wondering what they are looking at, looks in the same dir ection] [Scene: Paolo's clothes falling down to the street shift zoom to Rachel emptying Paolo's suitcase over the balcony]
Chandler : Wha-
Chandler : What is it?
Chandler : Hey! Joey &
Chandler : We already knew that! [they hug]
Chandler : Shut-out!
Chandler : Yeah--get out!
Chandler : One more game?
Chandler : I'm sorry!
Chandler : Rachel, wait, wait.
Chandler : Can I just say one thing?
Chandler : That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Chandler : Oh, yes, could I have one of those-
Chandler : Okay. Roger: Did I, uh, did I miss something?
Chandler : No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
Chandler : It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Chandler : Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Chandler : Okaaay, [Gestures] rock, hard place, me. Roger: You're so funny! He's really funny! I wouldn't wanna be there when- when the laughter stops.
Chandler : Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that? Roger: Oh, just seems as though that maybe you have intimacy issues. Y'know, that you use your humour as a way of keeping people at a distance.
Chandler : Huh. Roger: I mean hey! I just met you, I don't know you from Adam. ...Only child, right? Parents divorced before you hit puberty.
Chandler : Uh-huh, how did you know that? Roger: It's textbook. [Joey enters with his dad]
Chandler : [Without looking up] What? [Looks up] What?
Chandler : Y'know, I don't see that happening?
Chandler : Well I'm not showing you my 'tat'. [Door buzzer goes]
Chandler : [Sarcastic] Oh, good. Rog is here.
Chandler : Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Chandler : Oh look, it's the woman we ordered.
Chandler : Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know? [Commercial] [Scene 5: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Ronni is talking to Chandler. Joey's dad is not around] Ronni: Now, y'see, most people, when their pets pass on, they want 'em sorta laid out like they're sleeping. But occasionally you get your person who wants them in a pose. Like, chasing their tail, [Demonstrates] or, uh, jumping to catch a frisbee.
Chandler : Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys. Ronni: That's a good one! [Enter Joey's dad] Mr. Tribbiani: Hey, Joe.
Chandler : So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk? Ronni: Look, I uh, I shouldn'ta come. I-I'd better get going, I don't wanna miss the last train. Mr. Tribbiani: I don't want you taking that thing. Ronni: Oh, where'm I gonna stay, here?
Chandler : C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by 'No thanks, it's late'.
Chandler : Hey, Kicky. What're you doing?
Chandler : Well, you're gonna.
Chandler : Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Chandler : Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
Chandler : No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say- 'No thanks, I'm married'.
Chandler : Yeah. I really do.
Chandler : Get off! [Scene 7: Monica and Rachel's, morning. Someone knocks on the door and Monica gets it] Ronni: Hi.
Chandler : [Comes out of his room] What? What?
Chandler : Sorry, my- my thing was in there with me. [Scene 8: Central Perk. Phoebe enters] All: Hey, Pheebs.
Chandler : Basically we just feel that he's...
Chandler : Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
Chandler : If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom. [Enter Phoebe]
Chandler : Any contact?
Chandler : Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian--I don't think we need a third...
Chandler : I think it's winning.
Chandler : She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend. [Ross walks over to the woman, egg in hand.]
Chandler : No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg. Opening Credits [Scene: Central Perk. Monica, Rachel, Phoebe, Joey, Chandler are there. Ross is still talking to the beautiful woman.]
Chandler : Oh, uh, listen, about tonight...
Chandler : Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a--
Chandler : Yes! Way to go, man! [Chandler and Ross hug. Something crunches in Ross' shirt pocket.] Still got the egg, huh? [Scene: A restaurant. Joey and Chandler are there, waiting for their dates to show up.]
Chandler : Oh, uh, I... don't... care. [Joey's date shows up] Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Chandler : ...And what did you bring?
Chandler : Janice? [Lorraine leaves. Joey shakes his head as though to say, 'It can't be the same Janice.' Janice enters.]
Chandler : [angrily] Hey, it's Janice. [Scene: The bathroom at the restaurant. Chandler and Joey are talking.]
Chandler : Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
Chandler : Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
Chandler : I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right. [gets up right behind Joey and yells in his ear] Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!! [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. The girls are all there, discussing their bad luck with men.]
Chandler : That's OK.
Chandler : [disgusted] What? What can't you do?
Chandler : Tell me it's "you and me" we.
Chandler : Ok, you can not do this to me.
Chandler : I hope she throws up on you. [Joey leaves with Lorraine. Chandler sits back down with Janice.]
Chandler : So...
Chandler : Oh, what a crappy night!
Chandler : Excuse me. [gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him] How ya doin'?
Chandler : Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
Chandler : You got it. Good woman! [the waiter turns around, it's a man] Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Chandler : That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy. [to Janice] I've always wanted to know... [Scene: Chandler's bedroom. Chandler wakes up, and finds someone else's hand on his chest. He rolls over and is shocked to see Janice there.]
Chandler : No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.
Chandler : Ok, well, this was very special.
Chandler : Janice is gonna go away now.
Chandler : Oh, good, Joey's home now.
Chandler : How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
Chandler : Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush. [Janice enters.]
Chandler : Hi, Just Janice.
Chandler : Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts. [reading the candy] Chan and Jan Forever.
Chandler : Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Chandler : [surprised] It is?
Chandler : Oh no, you see, actually it is.
Chandler : Oh, no I don't.
Chandler : I did, but--
Chandler : Call me! [Scene: The Chinese restaurant. Ross and Carol are talking. Kristin is not there.]
Chandler : Ms. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Chandler : Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. [Chandler tries to hide a rubber chicken from the woman.] [Scene: Central Perk. Everyone is there but Chandler. Phoebe runs in, excitedly.]
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : So, it's a typical day at work. I'm putting in my numbers, and then big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
Chandler : So.... I quit.
Chandler : Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
Chandler : If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Chandler : It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS. [Everyone looks at him, confused.]
Chandler : Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
Chandler : I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Chandler : Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Chandler : Thanks, Phoeb. But I just don't see myself in a big white hat.
Chandler : Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Chandler : Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo. [pause] I added the "a-gogo".
Chandler : Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Chandler : Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Chandler : Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Chandler : Who are you going out with?
Chandler : And he's not speaking metaphorically.
Chandler : Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? [he taps the results and reads them] "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Chandler : Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing... something.
Chandler : Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
Chandler : [tastes it] Well.... it is amouz-ing... [Phone rings. Monica answers it.]
Chandler : You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76. [dead silence] Amouz-bouche? [holds out tray] [Scene: Ross' apartment. Girl, You'll Be A Woman Soon (the original, not that cruddy Urge Overkill version) is playing. Ross and Celia are kissing passionately.]
Chandler : [smiling]....with??
Chandler : It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
Chandler : Again?
Chandler : [on phone] Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor?... Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know?... Well, that's very generous... er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier?... Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection!.... No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday! [slams the phone down] [Scene: Chandler's new window office. He is showing Phoebe around.]
Chandler : Well?
Chandler : Look at this! [he opens the curtain to a view of New York City]
Chandler : Yes indeedy! [they look outside] With a beautiful view of...
Chandler : [walks away from window] OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
Chandler : This is great! [he presses a button on his intercom] Helen, could you come in here for a moment? [An unamused woman walks into the office.]
Chandler : Thank you Helen, that'll be all. [She leaves, obviously perturbed.]
Chandler : Last time I do that, I promise. [Scene: Monica's apartment. Monica is on the phone. Rachel walks in and overhears the conversation.]
Chandler : [on phone] Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! [slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened] Whooooaaaa.... Closing Credits [Scene: Phoebe's massage parlour. She has Steve on the table, and is giving him an extra-painful massage.]
Chandler : This is unbelievable. It's been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you'd be looking like a ham right about now.
Chandler : It's Phoebe! Hi!
Chandler : Wait, wait! Wh-What are you doing here?
Chandler : Can we start over?
Chandler : All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn't look exactly like her sister.
Chandler : They're twins!
Chandler : You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things. Let's not do that anymore.
Chandler : Your sister Ursula.
Chandler : Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh--
Chandler : Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven't talked in like years.
Chandler : Oh, and I've got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in gym.
Chandler : And (buzzing noise) to you too, Helen.
Chandler : Oh, ok. Send her in.
Chandler : Hi, Nina. Come on in.
Chandler : Uh, Yes. Yes. I've just been going over your data here, and little thing, you've been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Chandler : Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.
Chandler : WENUS. Weekly Estimated Net Usage Statistics.
Chandler : It's not just that she's cute, ok. It's just that she's really really cute.
Chandler : So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Chandler : Hey, where you been?
Chandler : Score.
Chandler : Yeah, listen. Before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by, uh--
Chandler : Mr. D, how's it going, sir?? Mr.
Chandler : And? Mr.
Chandler : So what does this mean? Mr.
Chandler : Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very-- Mr.
Chandler : Nina? Nina. Nina. Nina.
Chandler : Yes, yes I am. Listen, the reason that I called you in here today is, uh, please don't hate me.
Chandler : Would you like to have dinner sometime?
Chandler : Well, you still haven't taken down the Christmas lights.
Chandler : I'm just trying to find the right moment, you know?
Chandler : You know, once you're inside, you don't have to knock anymore.
Chandler : Wow, this is serious. I've never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
Chandler : Knit, good woman, knit, knit! (knock)
Chandler : And that's the Chrysler building right there. Mr.
Chandler : Yes, yes she is. Didn't I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, uh, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Fl---, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan, and uh, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly. In fact, he uh, mentioned the word "frenzy". Mr.
Chandler : Oh, no, no. Nina--she is whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo. In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all. Mr.
Chandler : And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself or others. Mr.
Chandler : Well, I guess that's why they call it psychology, sir.
Chandler : You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
Chandler : Uh, sure, Nina. What's up?
Chandler : Oh, well, uh, maybe that's because they're uh, jealous of us.
Chandler : Uh, well, maybe that's, uh, because you're getting a big raise.
Chandler : Sure, why not?
Chandler : Oh, you don't know. Helen, would you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinder's raise?
Chandler : Helen drinks. Will you marry me?
Chandler : Well, I ended up telling her everything.
Chandler : Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little tip: If you're ever in a similar situation, never ever leave your hand on the desk.
Chandler : You're not gonna lose him.
Chandler : What are you crazy? That's a baby!
Chandler : Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
Chandler : Well, only if you order stuff.
Chandler : There it is! So what're you gonna do?
Chandler : And your friend Phoebe?
Chandler : Man if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit. Dr.
Chandler : All right, what have we learned so far?
Chandler : Happy birthday Peehee.
Chandler : Did you see Betty? Mr.
Chandler : Ok, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father. Say your son never feels connected to you as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
Chandler : You know, you'd think I would. What's up with the simian?
Chandler : Ok, who's turn is it?
Chandler : No, no, you got zero points for "idney".
Chandler : Marcel swallowed a Scrabble tile.
Chandler : We think he was trying to spell out "monkey".
Chandler : So, you feel like a dad yet?
Chandler : Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.
Chandler : You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Chandler : Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
Chandler : ...little playthings with yarn?
Chandler : Could you want her more?
Chandler : [sarcastically] Dee, the sarcastic sister from Whats Happening.
Chandler : We're not--we're not saying anything.
Chandler : [to the girls] We were playing poker, alright...
Chandler : And then he did.
Chandler : There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
Chandler : OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
Chandler : [changing subject] OK, so at this point, the dealer--
Chandler : OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson. [holds up two cards] Joey... three... eight. Eight... three. [Joey is unamused] Alright babe, deal the cards. [Time lapse.]
Chandler : Rach, Rach, we gotta settle.
Chandler : The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Chandler : Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
Chandler : Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
Chandler : Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? [mimicking]: When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!
Chandler : Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Chandler : Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary? [The guys all duck under the table.]
Chandler : That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Chandler : Hey, that's... that's 'joincidence' with a 'C'!
Chandler : Couldn't be more out. [throws in cards]
Chandler : Y'know, I've had dates like this.
Chandler : Call.
Chandler : [to Ross]: What do you need, what do you need?
Chandler : Alright, here's ten. [gives it to him]
Chandler : Good luck.
Chandler : [to Ross]: I thought we had them!
Chandler : Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79! [Timer goes off.]
Chandler : Go. [Rachel starts drawing what looks like a bean.]
Chandler : Toootal chick-flick.
Chandler : They're still just friends, right?
Chandler : I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
Chandler : I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
Chandler : I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Chandler : Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used. [Cut to Rachel taking care of Marcel. They are watching a soap opera]
Chandler : Rachel lost Marcel.
Chandler : Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Chandler : Marcel?
Chandler : Marcel?
Chandler : Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we- we were looking for something...
Chandler : Yes have you seen any? Woman #1: No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing radiators?
Chandler : Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Chandler : Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Chandler : Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Chandler : Marcel?! [Cut to Monica and Phoebe searching the basement]
Chandler : Eh. I thought that was an alp.
Chandler : Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
Chandler : I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.
Chandler : I feel violated. And not in a good way.
Chandler : I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Chandler : Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (THE GIRLS MAKE DISGUSTED NOISES) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (TO THE GUYS) I'm right, right?
Chandler : Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat. (CAllS HER, THEN HURRIEDLY HANGS UP) I got her machine.
Chandler : No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
Chandler : Oh, no no no no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase 'Yes indeedy-o'.
Chandler : (BLUFFING) And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
Chandler : Hey Rach!
Chandler : Yes!
Chandler : I have my reasons.
Chandler : (ON PHONE; READING FROM A SCRIPT) Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance. (RATTLES SOME DISHES) Bye bye. (HANGS UP) Oh God!
Chandler : Hey, I've been honing!
Chandler : Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
Chandler : What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that. SCENE 3: Barry'S SURGERY (Rachel and Barry ARE GETTING DRESSED)
Chandler : Can I use your phone?
Chandler : Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Chandler : Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
Chandler : Ah, you obviously saw my personal ad. (He calls)
Chandler : She answered.
Chandler : I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy. (ENTER Rachel)
Chandler : If it helps, I could slide over.
Chandler : Hello? Hello? (Rachel PICKS UP THEIR PHONE.. and THE RINGING STOPS. AS SHE TALKS ON THE PHONE, AN ELABORATE VISUAL GAG IS SPUN OUT WHICH IS TOO DIFFICULT TO DESCRIBE IN WORDS)
Chandler : So how's Mindy?
Chandler : Hell is filled with people like you. (ENTER Joey)
Chandler : ...And boogie!
Chandler : Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
Chandler : Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
Chandler : I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
Chandler : No! (CAllS) Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay. (PUTS DOWN PHONE) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back. (DOES A LITTLE JIG) She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
Chandler : 'S'why I'm dancing... SCENE 6: Central Perk (Rachel IS SERVING COFFEE. ENTER MINDY)
Chandler : Ring dammit, ring!
Chandler : What?!
Chandler : (INVESTIGATING) I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
Chandler : Nngghhh!!!!!!!
Chandler : Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.
Chandler : What are you doing here?
Chandler : ...I'm, I'm okay.
Chandler : That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : ...I dunno.
Chandler : Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Chandler : Well, that's what we said about Joey...
Chandler : How about Joey... Pepponi?
Chandler : Joey... Switzerland? [The waitress brings their coffee]
Chandler : Joe...Joe...Joe...Stalin?
Chandler : Well, it does not ring a bell with me...
Chandler : Might wanna try Joseph. [Joey visibly thinks 'Of course!' and writes it down]
Chandler : Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof. [Scene 3: Mon+Rach's. Mon is there, enter Phoebe and Rachel]
Chandler : She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
Chandler : So what does this mean?
Chandler : I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Chandler : I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Chandler : Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo. [Enter Phoebe, Monica and Rachel]
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Ah. Your own brand of vigilante justice.
Chandler : ...Take off their hats!
Chandler : You're kidding.
Chandler : Y'know, you'd think I would've.
Chandler : -He's in.
Chandler : Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
Chandler : Tell me what?
Chandler : [sarcastically] Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won?t look at me.
Chandler : Wow!
Chandler : More importantly, was I any good?
Chandler : Interesting, cause in my dreams, I?m allways surprisingly inadequate. [Monica pats him on his lap]
Chandler : You?re okay there?
Chandler : I?m sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else?s subconscious. OPENING CREDITS [Time lapse. Chandler is sitting on the table.]
Chandler : Hi Rachel.
Chandler : Pirates again?
Chandler : [sarcasticly] Thanks Joey, that?s a good idea.
Chandler : Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It?s a whole big boob story.
Chandler : Well, you know Phoebs. I don?t know if it?s your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
Chandler : A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
Chandler : When we were?
Chandler : And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Chandler : Can you hear that?
Chandler : See That?ll stop when you pick up the phone.
Chandler : I?m not in a meeting. I?m right... Whoops.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Ah!
Chandler : Well, now, I actually have to get to work.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Bye bye. [The intercom buzzes]
Chandler : Ooh. [leans against the desk] [Scene: Monica and Rachel?s apartment. It?s just them there. Monica is just finishing cleaning the windows.]
Chandler : See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. [Joey and Ross wonder what he means] Me.
Chandler : Why not?
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Noho. Why doesn?t they like me?
Chandler : What are you talking about?
Chandler : I can?t belive it.
Chandler : They do me?
Chandler : I don?t sound like that.
Chandler : Okay, I don?t sound like that. That is so not true. [Joey and Chandler laughs]
Chandler : That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up! [Phoebe, Joey and Ross laughs] [Scene: Monica and Rachel?s apartment. Monica and Ethan are sitting in the couch.]
Chandler : Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
Chandler : Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Chandler : And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym. [Monica stares at Rachel]
Chandler : Tyrannosaurus! [They all cross they?re arms like the "Power Rangers" do]
Chandler : Work people? Nobody told me.
Chandler : You know, I don?t get this. A month aga, these people were my friends. You know, just because I?m in charge doesn?t mean i?m a different person.
Chandler : You think I should?
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : Okay.
Chandler : I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing "Ebony and Ivory".
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Then, I don?t get it.
Chandler : They do?
Chandler : I just wan?t to--
Chandler : But I just wa--
Chandler : Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I?m gonna need them on my desk by nine o?clock.
Chandler : You have to give ?em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who?s the guy with the moustache?
Chandler : Petrie, right, right. Okay, somebody?s gonna be working this weekend. [Scene: Monica and Rachel?s apartment. Ross is watching TV, but turns it off, and Rachel is sleeping on the couch. Ross puts a blanket over her.]
Chandler : Hey Ross, look what I?ve got going here.
Chandler : Yeah, like in a cab--
Chandler : Okay, hating this.
Chandler : Here we go, here we go.
Chandler : Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
Chandler : You have to pick your moments. [Phoebe arrives, guitar in hand.]
Chandler : I used to have that bumper sticker. [Everyone is amused by Chandler's comment.]
Chandler : [to Rachel] You see what I mean. Opening Credits [Scene: Inside the hospital room. Carol is on the bed, Ross and Susan are at her side.]
Chandler : Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.
Chandler : Oh, ok, 'cause we never do that. [Chandler and Monica leave. Cut to Joey, watching the Knicks/Celtics game on television.]
Chandler : You'll get one.
Chandler : All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Chandler : Oh, no, no. I just meant hypothetically.
Chandler : No, no, no.
Chandler : [trapped] Uh, uh.
Chandler : Dear God! This parachute is a knapsack! [throws himself over the back of the chair he was sitting in] [Rachel enters, in a formal dress.]
Chandler : Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
Chandler : No reason. [turns around, makes an 'Oh my God' gesture with his eyes] [Scene: Joey and Lydia in the hospital room. Lydia is on the phone with her mother.]
Chandler : Where have you been?
Chandler : Mazel tov! [Scene: Rachel and Dr. Franzblau have gone to get coffee.] Dr.
Chandler : [to Joey] You are really frightening me. [Carol suddenly screams in pain and grabs Chandler by the shirt.]
Chandler : Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart. [they pull her hand off of him] Uh, that's great. [looking around] Anybody seen a nipple? Dr.
Chandler : [to nurse] Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
Chandler : I know, I still am one of these.
Chandler : And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. [The rest of the group come into the picture.]
Chandler : Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. [walks over to where Joey is seated] [Joey is looking at his check.]
Chandler : Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Chandler : [sigh]... And where's this money coming from? [gives money to Joey]
Chandler : [in a deep voice] Men are here.
Chandler : Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
Chandler : Crazy bitch.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : Uh, let's see... Alvin... Simon... Theodore.... no.
Chandler : Forget about her.
Chandler : Course there, they just call it food.
Chandler : I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice. [Time lapse. Melanie, Joey's girlfriend, is there with Joey, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel. Ross is gone.]
Chandler : [sarcastic] Ooooh. [looks dumbfounded at Joey's stupidity]
Chandler : [pointing out a gift] OK, this one right here is from me.
Chandler : Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die. [Rachel picks up the next gift.]
Chandler : Oh, that's Ross's.
Chandler : Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? [pats his Travel Scrabble game]
Chandler : Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck? [Everyone looks at him. He realizes he just spilled the beans about Ross's crush on Rachel.]
Chandler : [panicked] ahem... um... Crystal duck.
Chandler : [stuttering incoherently] F-hah.... flennin....
Chandler : [rubbing his temples] Oh, no no no no no....
Chandler : No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
Chandler : OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
Chandler : [quickly] H-He's in China!
Chandler : What about the time difference?
Chandler : Yes! [Rachel walks towards door] You're never gonna make it!
Chandler : Well then maybe you shouldn't go.
Chandler : Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! [she leaves] [Scene: Airport. Ross has headphones on, and is listening to a 'How To Speak Chinese' tape. Occasionally, he makes an outburst in Chinese in accordance with the tape. He is getting on the jetway. The flight attendant is there.]
Chandler : Hey, big--
Chandler : [quietly] --spender.
Chandler : So how'd it go?
Chandler : The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Chandler : Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Chandler : I didn't know you had another level.
Chandler : Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?
Chandler : Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
Chandler : Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.
Chandler : Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
Chandler : Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen, 'cause I like to be surprised.
Chandler : Hey, Rache, can I get--
Chandler : Not yet.
Chandler : So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
Chandler : God?
Chandler : Well, maybe it was God, doing me.
Chandler : Well, you owe me one, big guy.
Chandler : He said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself without any outside help whatsoever.
Chandler : You have to really wanna see it.
Chandler : Hi. Anybody know a good tailor?
Chandler : No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
Chandler : You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
Chandler : Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.
Chandler : What stupid thing did you do?
Chandler : People do stupid things when they're upset.
Chandler : Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Chandler : Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
Chandler : At least as long as I have the pants.
Chandler : Yo, paisan. Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man.
Chandler : Joey's tailor...took advantage of me.
Chandler : He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite--
Chandler : Cupping.
Chandler : Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
Chandler : That's ok.
Chandler : You know, it's...something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back.
Chandler : We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?
Chandler : Carol, Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
Chandler : So, uh, how often can you do it?
Chandler : Hey, sweetums.
Chandler : Come on, you're going to Bloomingdales with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Chandler : What did you just do?
Chandler : What did you just do?
Chandler : Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
Chandler : Howdy.
Chandler : Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
Chandler : What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
Chandler : All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
Chandler : You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
Chandler : All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : I broke up with her.
Chandler : They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
Chandler : I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
Chandler : You or me?
Chandler : Maureen Rosilla.
Chandler : Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
Chandler : Ok, Phoebe.
Chandler : Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed. Mr.
Chandler : Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
Chandler : Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
Chandler : April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Chandler : Wow, he looks so normal.
Chandler : Funniest? Heckles?
Chandler : Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
Chandler : Whoa!
Chandler : Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
Chandler : I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Chandler : Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Chandler : Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
Chandler : What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
Chandler : How do you know that? How?
Chandler : You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
Chandler : Yeah, I understand.
Chandler : You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.
Chandler : (on phone) Hi, it's me.
Chandler : Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
Chandler : Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
Chandler : Oh, my, god!
Chandler : Janice, you're--
Chandler : Is it--?
Chandler : Congratulations.
Chandler : You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?
Chandler : Neat. I'm gonna die alone.
Chandler : Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
Chandler : If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y=know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Chandler : Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
Chandler : In a bad way?
Chandler : Whoa! Don't know about that.
Chandler : Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Chandler : I'll take that.
Chandler : Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Chandler : Takin' that with you, huh?
Chandler : Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
Chandler : Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. (phone rings)
Chandler : No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned. Machine Joey's
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Bob here.
Chandler : (on phone) What've you been up to?
Chandler : Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. (to Ross) I love her.
Chandler : I'm back.
Chandler : Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
Chandler : Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.
Chandler : I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
Chandler : Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this. Scene: At Monica and Rachel's
Chandler : Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Chandler : Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.
Chandler : Look guys, I know it's a little steep.
Chandler : But it's Ross.
Chandler : I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.
Chandler : You know, I think I might just.
Chandler : Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
Chandler : We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Chandler : All right.
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
Chandler : Whoever stood you up is a jerk.
Chandler : I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
Chandler : No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today. Scene: At Somplace Nice
Chandler : Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. (to Ross) I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
Chandler : Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
Chandler : I will have the uh, Cajun catfish.
Chandler : Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
Chandler : Whoa, whoa, prom night flashback.
Chandler : You can tell us.
Chandler : We can talk about that.
Chandler : So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
Chandler : No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.
Chandler : Together.
Chandler : So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh? Scene: at Monica and Rachel's
Chandler : Gee, Monica, what's in the bag?
Chandler : By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
Chandler : Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!
Chandler : If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
Chandler : Why did you look at me when you said that?
Chandler : Fine.
Chandler : Yeah?
Chandler : Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
Chandler : Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Chandler : Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign. (phone rings)
Chandler : I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
Chandler : Bob here.
Chandler : So, uh, you met someone, huh?
Chandler : So, uh, how was he?
Chandler : Eh?
Chandler : Well, that makes me feel so good.
Chandler : Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
Chandler : So, let's go.
Chandler : Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.
Chandler : I can't believe the guys missed this.
Chandler : Chandler.
Chandler : Yeah, we really missed you guys.
Chandler : Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.
Chandler : I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
Chandler : I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
Chandler : Yes.
Chandler : No.
Chandler : OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
Chandler : Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
Chandler : Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?
Chandler : Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
Chandler : Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
Chandler : OK, let's do it. [Monica looks at him funny] What?
Chandler : And we're changing. [jogs back in his apartment] [Cut to the city street. Monica and Chandler are jogging. Chandler is lagging behind so he hops in a cab and takes off, leaving Monica behind] [Scene: Back in Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is doing situps.]
Chandler : [weakly] No.
Chandler : One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them. [Scene: Central Perk. Chandler and Joey are sitting on the couch. Rachel is working.]
Chandler : [slowly lifts coffee cup to his mouth] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [slowly sets the cup back down] Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. [Joey intercepts the cup and puts it down for him]. She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore. [Phoebe enters.]
Chandler : Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and smack her with it.
Chandler : So you really OK about all this?
Chandler : No, no, no, no, no, no [opens door to Monica] No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
Chandler : Because it's Sunday. It's God's day.
Chandler : OK, stop.
Chandler : Monica, it's 6:30 in the morning. We're not working out, it's over.
Chandler : OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.
Chandler : Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
Chandler : I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.
Chandler : You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
Chandler : And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.
Chandler : I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.
Chandler : So, you feel like goin' for a run?
Chandler : Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.
Chandler : All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Chandler : [doggedly] Games and stuff.
Chandler : Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
Chandler : Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Chandler : Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Chandler : No, Amish boy.
Chandler : Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Chandler : Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?
Chandler : I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek? [Ross enters with a melancholy look.]
Chandler : [in phone] So, Spock actually hugs his father? [Rachel enters.]
Chandler : Ohhh.
Chandler : [nervous] What? Nothing. [Chandler closes up the laptop computer screen.]
Chandler : No, no, see? See? [the printer starts to run] Hey, it's printing. [to Joey, rattled] Hey, it's printing! [Chandler rips off the sheet of paper from the printer.]
Chandler : Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.
Chandler : [through gritted teeth] Alright. [clears his throat] "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
Chandler : Good luck. [Chandler and Joey leave quickly.]
Chandler : My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.
Chandler : Oh good, I was hoping that would come up.
Chandler : [squirming] All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.
Chandler : All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?
Chandler : What are you doing out there?
Chandler : Look, maybe we should go?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Chandler : And twenty-five it is.
Chandler : Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?
Chandler : Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year. [Ross enters with several bags from shopping.]
Chandler : What's in the bag?
Chandler : Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
Chandler : Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Chandler : Who said anything about Christmas? [Monica and Ross enter.]
Chandler : So whaddya got there Monica?
Chandler : Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Chandler : Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Chandler : Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time. [Phoebe drives up in the cab]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Eeeshk.
Chandler : OK.
Chandler : OK. [reads paper] Brake left, gas right?
Chandler : [grabs for seat belt] Where's my seat belt?
Chandler : [Chandler gets in the back seat] Hey!
Chandler : Oh, so that's what this is for.
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Alright.
Chandler : Alright, we're gettin' closer.
Chandler : Well, so why not go knock?
Chandler : Yeah, and someday when you're ready, you'll make it past the hedges.
Chandler : Oh, that's OK, we'll figure something out.
Chandler : Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!
Chandler : Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone. [Ross and Phoebe hug, Monica and Rachel hug, Chandler is left standing]
Chandler : OK, Phoebs, your turn.
Chandler : And, a lemon lime.
Chandler : And last but not least. [Chandler and Joey give Monica a pack of condoms.]
Chandler : OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs, read yours.
Chandler : Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.
Chandler : I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Guess who's back in show business.
Chandler : No, no, Phoebs. You know why? Cause he's dead.
Chandler : OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.
Chandler : Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
Chandler : Bye..... ridiculously dull Bobby.
Chandler : [turning around] Hey Ross.... bahhhh!
Chandler : [to Phoebe] Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK. [introducing Russ and Ross] Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.
Chandler : You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.
Chandler : Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating?
Chandler : Yeah, it's annoying, isn't it?
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : [not knowing how to react] Oh my... God?
Chandler : So, what're you gonna do?
Chandler : Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
Chandler : Well is she... [reaches into the cookie jar for a cookie, takes his hand out, covered with pasta sauce]
Chandler : It's alright. Is she good-looking?
Chandler : Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Chandler : Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Chandler : Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
Chandler : And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues. [Phoebe and Rachel are at the counter talking.]
Chandler : OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
Chandler : No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
Chandler : Me.
Chandler : It's my game. You want the job or not? [Monica enters from her bedroom.]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant. [Joey enters.]
Chandler : So what'd you do?
Chandler : Oh, hey.
Chandler : Yeah, I'm sorry man.
Chandler : Hey!
Chandler : [singing to the tune of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood] Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
Chandler : Whoa, she's pretty.
Chandler : Oh, ok.
Chandler : Nice!
Chandler : For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something. [Monica and Rachel's]
Chandler : That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.
Chandler : Oh, yeah.
Chandler : That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get.
Chandler : Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
Chandler : Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?
Chandler : Believe me, sometimes that happens. Mrs.
Chandler : You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Chandler : Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet. Mr.
Chandler : Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles.
Chandler : Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon. [knock at the door]
Chandler : Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding. [Wedding music starts, Phoebe noisily unwraps a piece of candy.]
Chandler : Oh, yeah?
Chandler : [to an attractive woman] I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right? [The woman walks away]
Chandler : [to the woman who just rejected him] All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people. [She walks away again.] [at Monica and Rachel's]
Chandler : Isn't Ben in this?
Chandler : Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem. OPENING TITLES [Scene: Central Perk. Chandler, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe are at the couch.] [Joey enters holding a letter]
Chandler : Rhythm?
Chandler : You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion. [Rob (Chris Isaac) enters]
Chandler : Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves. [both laugh hysterically] [door buzzer goes off]
Chandler : Hello.
Chandler : [Joey grabs a frying pan] Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.
Chandler : The one time they're not home.
Chandler : That's how radio stars escape stalkers.
Chandler : Wait, wait, wait. [Opens the top of the dish soap he's holding] [Joey opens the door and sees Erica (Brooke Shields). Joey gets a huge smile and Chandler squeezed the dish soap in the air.]
Chandler : Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? Rachel and
Chandler : Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.
Chandler : Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
Chandler : Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
Chandler : Very informative!
Chandler : That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales.
Chandler : And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard. [throws water in his face]
Chandler : What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre? Security
Chandler : [to guys wering yellow isolation suits] So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid. Director's
Chandler : [to an extra in fatigues] Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Chandler : Ahhhh.
Chandler : Uh, yes, yes it is.
Chandler : Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Chandler : Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Chandler : Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Chandler : Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore. [cut to Monica and Rachel walking through the set]
Chandler : No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
Chandler : OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money. [a voice in the background calls for makeup]
Chandler : Oh uh, o, OK.
Chandler : Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
Chandler : No one was around to hear that? [back to Rachel and Monica]
Chandler : Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.
Chandler : Like, when you're cooking a steak.
Chandler : Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?
Chandler : OK, then, eat me, I'm done.
Chandler : I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Chandler : Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
Chandler : Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.
Chandler : Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
Chandler : You want me to wear your panties?
Chandler : Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell. [Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross is setting up for his time with Marcel. Joey is there.]
Chandler : I'm hangin in. . . and a little out.
Chandler : Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
Chandler : Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa [Susie grabs him under the table] They do have the shrimp.
Chandler : I'm going to the bathroom now. [leaves for the bathroom] [In the bathroom Susie and Chandler are kissing. She backs into a stall.]
Chandler : I can't believe we're doing this.
Chandler : Alrighty. [we see Chandler's pants drop from under the stall door]
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Oh.
Chandler : OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Chandler : Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right?
Chandler : OK. [She turns him facing the toilet and sneaks out of the stall and gathers up his clothes.]
Chandler : Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie.
Chandler : Huh? Where, whaddya mean?
Chandler : What, what's what you mean?
Chandler : That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Chandler : Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back. [Scene: Monica and Van Damme are walking down the street.]
Chandler : Joey?
Chandler : Joey!
Chandler : Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.
Chandler : Not exactly. . . I'm wearin panties.
Chandler : No, no, this is the first time.
Chandler : I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.
Chandler : No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever.
Chandler : No, no, you don't have to see.
Chandler : Alright, one of you give me your underpants.
Chandler : How can you not be wearing any underwear?
Chandler : Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants. [Some guy has entered.]
Chandler : Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you?
Chandler : How long you been waitin' to say that?
Chandler : Hey. Hold on a second. [shoots a goal] Huh?
Chandler : What's this?
Chandler : Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
Chandler : Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.
Chandler : Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an incredibly gaudy gold bracelet] Wow, I, I don't know what to say.
Chandler : I don't know. It's a bracelet.
Chandler : [reads] To my best bud. [puts it back in the case] Thanks best bud.
Chandler : Oh, now? [puts it in his desk drawer] No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion. [sets a chair in front of the drawer]
Chandler : I so am.
Chandler : Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track. OPENING TITLES [Scene: A kitchen somewhere. Monica is interviewing for a job]
Chandler : Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
Chandler : Oh, she's goin' somewhere.
Chandler : Hey, you feelin' better?
Chandler : Ya know, the man's got a point. [gestures with his arm and the bracelet falls off]
Chandler : That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
Chandler : No, I'm alright, thanks.
Chandler : [walks over to the woman] I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.
Chandler : Chandler. [waves his arm around, exposing the bracelet]
Chandler : What? [realizes it was the bracelet] Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Chandler : Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. [Joey walks in behind Chandler]
Chandler : I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. [Joey turns around and walks out without saying anything] That's actually good. [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is talking to a man at the counter. Ross and Phoebe are sitting at the couches.]
Chandler : Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? [Throws a basketball to Joey. Joey doesn't move to catch it and the ball takes out a lamp] OK, that's my bad.
Chandler : Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
Chandler : OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to his room and shuts the door] Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . [notices the bracelet is missing from his wrist] wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. [he starts searching the room, lifting up the couch cushions]
Chandler : I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . . [Joey returns to his room] [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Mr. and Mrs. Geller are watching tennis on TV, Monica is sitting at the table] Mr.
Chandler : I can't believe it.
Chandler : Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay. [sits down at the bar]
Chandler : What am I gonna do, huh? [Joey walks in behind him]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Well this one's for you.
Chandler : No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, [puts bracelet on Joey] it's about you and me and the fact that we're [reading bracelet] best buds.
Chandler : That's what they'll call us. [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Ross are standing in the kitchen. Ross is filling out a check]
Chandler : Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
Chandler : OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
Chandler : Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Chandler : Work on your music? [Ross is sitting on the stairs with a laptop keyboard playing 'Axel-F']
Chandler : Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.
Chandler : Sweet mother of all that is good and pure.
Chandler : Congratulations!
Chandler : Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Chandler : So uh, which one is mine?
Chandler : [sits down] Ohh yes.
Chandler : [reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?
Chandler : Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
Chandler : Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
Chandler : I'll cancel the sodas. [Scene: Dr. Burke's apartment. Monica and Dr. Burke are in the kitchen.]
Chandler : You got a Cheeto on your face man.[Joey removes the Cheeto and eats it] [Ross enters]
Chandler : So how'd it go?
Chandler : Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
Chandler : It's the Miracle Wax.
Chandler : Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice. [Rachel and Ross go out in the hall]
Chandler : Could you get us a couple of beers? [Scene: Dr. Burke's office. Monica is there for her eye appointment.] Dr.
Chandler : She's one of us now. [Rachel and Ross enter]
Chandler : Well maybe he was nervous. [Scene: Museum of Natural History. Ross is fixing a display, Rachel is waiting patiently.]
Chandler : Yeah. [feels the floor] Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time.
Chandler : That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. [Joey finishes his cereal, licks his spoon, and puts it back in the silverware drawer.]
Chandler : Waaa-aaah.
Chandler : The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
Chandler : Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheepish look] You used my toothbrush?
Chandler : Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
Chandler : Because soap is soap. It's self-cleaning.
Chandler : Hey. Monica and
Chandler : Excuse me, you guys are getting tattoos?
Chandler : Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?
Chandler : Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?
Chandler : I know, this is a great apartment.
Chandler : Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously. Joey's
Chandler : [being left behind] Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK. [Scene: Mr. Geller's party. Mr. Geller and a friend are questioning Richard while Ross observes.] Mr.
Chandler : Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.
Chandler : Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
Chandler : Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
Chandler : Well then maybe you should take it.
Chandler : Fine with me.
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Yeah me too.
Chandler : Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. . .
Chandler : So I got ya something. [tosses Joey a bag of plastic spoons]
Chandler : Lick away my man.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place?
Chandler : Well I didn't think that was serious. [grabs the spoons back] Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
Chandler : Well, there you go.
Chandler : Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
Chandler : I did pay for half of it.
Chandler : Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it.
Chandler : Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
Chandler : Stop talkin' to your men. [Joey scores]
Chandler : Congratulations. [Chandler leaves] [Scene: Chandler's apartment. The whole gang is helping Joey pack.]
Chandler : Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . . [Chandler gives him a look] except when we are here.
Chandler : [quietly] Yeah, I remember.
Chandler : So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?
Chandler : Thanks.
Chandler : Yeah, right, yeah, I guess so. [Joey walks to the door. He stops, turns around.]
Chandler : Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Chandler : Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
Chandler : So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy. [Joey's apartment, phone rings]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.
Chandler : Yeah well, I hear the place looks great.
Chandler : Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.
Chandler : Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey.
Chandler : That's right my friend. It's time for...
Chandler : I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant.
Chandler : Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?
Chandler : See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind. [Scene: Central Perk. Joey is sitting between Monica and Phoebe.]
Chandler : But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
Chandler : But...
Chandler : So uhh, how's the palace?
Chandler : Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.
Chandler : Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
Chandler : Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
Chandler : Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I... have it to spare.
Chandler : Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?
Chandler : Morning.
Chandler : Oh it's uh, over there on the table.
Chandler : No, Eddie likes to keep it over there.
Chandler : Oh, ooh.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
Chandler : See ya. [Eddie leaves]
Chandler : Oh, I couldn't be happier.
Chandler : There's another carton right over there.
Chandler : Alright, so what's it about?
Chandler : Well I like both eggs equally.
Chandler : Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs? [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Ross and Monica are fighting over the remote.]
Chandler : Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
Chandler : [stares in disbeliefe] Yeah o-, OK, alright. [oven timer goes off] Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.
Chandler : You don't like that show?
Chandler : Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.
Chandler : Oh o-, OK man. [Joey's place. He's watching Baywatch, lauging. He goes to say something to Chandler in the other chair but no one's there. He goes to call Chandler but decides not to.] [Chandler's. He's playing foosball by himself.] [Joey's. Playing ping pong by himself.] [All by myself is playing. Chandler is sitting in front of a window while it's raining outside. We see Joey through a rainy window. The camera zooms out to show it's just his tabletop water sculpture.] CLOSING CREDITS [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe is performing Smelly Cat.]
Chandler : [reluctantly sings] You're obviously not their favorite pet.
Chandler : God that is good TV. OPENING TITLES [Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler is at the foosball table trying to get Phoebe to play a game with him.]
Chandler : Phoebs, play with meeee.
Chandler : Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Chandler : Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.
Chandler : No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.
Chandler : We don't need to remedy that.
Chandler : That was so lame.
Chandler : So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er? [Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler and Eddie are talking.]
Chandler : What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
Chandler : Well it's not Sean Penn.
Chandler : Hi.
Chandler : Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?
Chandler : Oh, oh, c'mon in.
Chandler : Oh.
Chandler : Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
Chandler : Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...
Chandler : Bit country? C'mon in here you roomie.
Chandler : Bye. [Tilly leaves]
Chandler : So, we gettin' a fish?
Chandler : Eddie, I didn't sleep with your ex-girlfriend.
Chandler : This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
Chandler : Buddy?
Chandler : There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Chandler : Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's shoulder] Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon? [picks up the fruit an tosses it to Eddie, it hits Eddie in the chest and falls] [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Monica and Richard are in Monica's bedroom.]
Chandler : So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.
Chandler : Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.
Chandler : Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.
Chandler : Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.
Chandler : We're worried about you.
Chandler : We came over as soon as we saw.
Chandler : It's gonna be ok. You know that?
Chandler : I'm sorry man.
Chandler : Uhhhaahh.
Chandler : Yeah alright. What're these, raisins?
Chandler : [throws it across the room while Eddie's not looking] Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
Chandler : [looks in the fish bowl to see a fish cracker] Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
Chandler : Ok, good night. [walks towards his room] You big freak of nature. CLOSING CREDITS [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment.] [Ross comes out of Rachel's bedroom in her bathrobe and heads for the bathroom. On his way back, Richard comes out of Monica's bedroom in her bathrobe.]
Chandler : Hey Eddie. Daahh!! What're you doin' here?
Chandler : Why?
Chandler : I can't sleep now.
Chandler : No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.
Chandler : Hannibal Lecter...better roommate than you.
Chandler : I didn't realize that.
Chandler : GET OUT NOW!!
Chandler : Yes please.
Chandler : I want you out.
Chandler : Where did you hear it from before?
Chandler : Ahhhh-gaaaahhh. Eddie what're you still doin' here?
Chandler : Look Eddie, aren't you forgetting anything?
Chandler : Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
Chandler : Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Chandler : Your last roommate's kidney?
Chandler : Daaahhhh!
Chandler : Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.
Chandler : Uuuh. [Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is returning from Monica and Rachel's with his bedding. Eddie is standing at the bar with his dehydrator and loads of fruit.]
Chandler : Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
Chandler : You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!
Chandler : Uh-huh.
Chandler : This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
Chandler : You want some help.
Chandler : [enters] Ding dong, the psycho's gone.
Chandler : Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STandING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Chandler : Our next cocktail party?
Chandler : Eddie, do you remember yesterday?
Chandler : Do you remember talking to me yesterday?
Chandler : So what happened?
Chandler : Oh sweet Moses.
Chandler : May I help you?
Chandler : Well, I'm, I'm sorry...[Eddie forces his head in the door] Ahhh. Have we met?
Chandler : I, I'm sorry, I uh [unchains the door and opens it all the way] I already have a roommate. [Joey turns around in the leather recliner]
Chandler : Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
Chandler : Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.
Chandler : See ya. [shuts the door] Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Chandler : Welcome home man. [they hug and jump around]
Chandler : Absolutely.
Chandler : Ah that's a cantelope. CLOSING CREDITS [Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They are hauling out the porcelain dog from Joey's room. Chandler is holding the dog by the rear in a rather interesting position.]
Chandler : Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
Chandler : I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
Chandler : Huh. [They all turn, sulk, and slowly walk out.] OPENING CREDITS [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Phoebe, Ross, and Rachel are sitting around the table eating breakfast.]
Chandler : Morning.
Chandler : Yeah. Like there's any way I could ever do that. [Janice walks in, holding a bottle a syrup and singing.]
Chandler : Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me?
Chandler : I cannot believe I'm going out with somebody who's getting divorced. I'm such a grown-up.
Chandler : Well, maybe I won't kiss you and then you'll have to stay.
Chandler : Nope. Not this time.
Chandler : I'm not yanking you.
Chandler : Yeah, I know. She makes me happy.
Chandler : [looking directly at Joey without blinking] I'm not breaking up with her. [Joey stares at Chandler in disbelief. Then he blows in Chandler's eyes to force him to blink. Chandler jumps back.] [Scene: Monica and Rachel's apartment. Still eating breakfast. Monica is coming out of bathroom toward kitchen table where Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are sitting.]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : Of
Chandler : You know, you should really go on this show. Alright, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What do you say?
Chandler : No. Janice.
Chandler : You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you have a problem with Janice?
Chandler : Eww, that girl that I hate. Eww, drives me crazy. Eww! Eww! Ohh.
Chandler : Well, there you go.
Chandler : Yeah, well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital "R", capital "T". [Joey gets a confused look on his face.] Don't worry; those are the right letters.
Chandler : I want you to say that you like her.
Chandler : Thanks for trying. [he takes the tickets from Joey's hand and turns to leave] Oh, and by the way, there is no Count Rushmore! [slams the door]
Chandler : Yeah.
Chandler : Girth? Why why why why why why would they do this?
Chandler : We're not gonna talk about girth, are we?
Chandler : Yeah. Okay. You go first.
Chandler : Princess Leia in the gold bikini.
Chandler : Okay. Well, you know, when you're in bed with a woman. And uh, your foolin around with her and you get all these mental images in your brain. Like Elle McPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place.
Chandler : Yeah. And then, all of a sudden, your mom pops in your head. And you're like, "Mom, get out of here." You know, but after that, you can't possibly think of anything else. And you can't stop what you're doing, so it's kind of like, you're, you know, you know. [Ross stares at him, shocked] You don't know.
Chandler : Hey. What are you guys doing together?
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : You still can't stand her, can you?
Chandler : Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
Chandler : I guess that's something.
Chandler : [unimpressed] Okay.
Chandler : Oh god.
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Taste it.
Chandler : Yeah, I know. I did that two minutes ago. [Ross walks in, wearing a tuxedo.]
Chandler : Hey, Mr. Tux.
Chandler : Alright, I took the quiz and it turns out, I do put career before men. [to Joey, sitting in the chair] Get up.
Chandler : You're in my seat.
Chandler : Cause I was sitting there.
Chandler : Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom. You knew I was coming back.
Chandler : The big deal is I was sitting there last. So, it's my seat.
Chandler : [to Ross] Alright, Ross, I just have to do one thing really quickly, it's not a big deal, [to Joey, still in the chair] GET UP! [Monica comes into the apartment carrying a couple bags.]
Chandler : Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called "Get Up."
Chandler : Really?
Chandler : Honey, you did call him back cause it's really old.
Chandler : [to Joey] You know what, okay, fine, don't get up. You just sit right there. I just hope you don't mind, you know, my hand right here. [places his hand directly in front of Joey's face] Oh, look, not touching, can't get mad. Not touching, can't get mad. Not touching, can't get mad. [While Joey is moving around, Chandler is moving his hand around to get in front of Joey's face. Inadvertently, the horseplay gets rough and Joey's hand hits Chandler's arm, sending hummus toward Phoebe, landing on her dress near her left shoulder.]
Chandler : Maybe he's calling to say you're obsessive and crazy.
Chandler : [to Joey] Alright, fine. You know what? We'll both sit in the chair.
Chandler : I am so comfortable.
Chandler : Alright. [Chandler jumps up off Joey]
Chandler : Alright, fine, I'm going. But when I get back, it's Chair City and I'm the guy who's... sitting in the chair! [barges out]
Chandler : Maybe it was his sister's. You know. Maybe it was his daughter's.
Chandler : [to Joey, still sitting in the chair] Alright, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So, in the words of A.A. Milne, "get out of my chair, dillhole."
Chandler : What are you doing?
Chandler : The cushions are the essence of the chair!
Chandler : Ho-ho, he'll be back. [seeing no one around] Ho-ho, there's nobody in the room.
Chandler : [to Ross] We used them as pillows when we went camping.
Chandler : The sheep.
Chandler : He took my essence!
Chandler : Well, then it looks like somebody is going to have to give somebody back his cushions.
Chandler : What? Are you gonna show me my clothes?
Chandler : He's got nothing!
Chandler : What are you supporting?
Chandler : Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place. [Monica dials Michelle's number and switches the phone over to speaker.]
Chandler : [to Phoebe] Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he getting out of the shower, he always pulls a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Chandler : You got a phone in there, right?
Chandler : [coming out of back bedroom] Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that? [Just then, Joey barges in wearing several pairs of pants and shorts, a bunch of shirts, and a lot of ties.]
Chandler : Oh my god, that is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!
Chandler : [choked groaning] Oooohhh.
Chandler : Geez, what a baby.
Chandler : [to Joey] Stop it! Stop it!
Chandler : Excuse me. Hi. Mr. Whitfield: Yes?
Chandler : You're kinda sitting in my seat. Mr. Whitfield: What do you mean, your seat?
Chandler : I meant I was sitting there. Mr. Whitfield: But you got up.
Chandler : But I never left the room. Mr. Whitfield: But you left the chair area.
Chandler : (to Janice) Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
Chandler : What a wank!
Chandler : (leaning in) I'll go.
Chandler : See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig.
Chandler : Knock, knock.
Chandler : Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want.. (enters and sees the bed) Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
Chandler : Okay. (to Monica) It's a racecar.
Chandler : Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Chandler : You told him to play the boxer gay!!
Chandler : You totally screwed him over.
Chandler : Oh my God! Oh my God!
Chandler : Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
Chandler : He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.
Chandler : All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
Chandler : Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it! [Monica's Bedroom, Monica and Phoebe are waxing their legs.]
Chandler : Off?!!
Chandler : Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Chandler : Oh, that's mature.
Chandler : Nothing, nothing.
Chandler : Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
Chandler : (to Joey) He has sex, and we get hit in our heads. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : Uh-oh. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : She was not good. Not good.
Chandler : Uh-oh. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : Yeah, never cheat on Rachel. [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
Chandler : (handing Monica the wax) Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever. [Later, Phoebe is on the phone, they're all still trapped in Monica's bedroom.]
Chandler : Oh great, food with hair on it.
Chandler : Because that would be crazy? [Cut to Living Room]
Chandler : Yeah, come on, it's Ross and Rachel, they've got too.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Are you actually saying these words? [Later, in the living room, Rachel is sitting on the couch, Ross is on the chair.]
Chandler : Let's go. [Cut to Living Room, Rachel is sleeping on the couch, Ross is gone, the rest of them can finally emerge from their cell. They all wave good bye, and start to walk quietly out, as Monica goes and puts a blanket on Rachel. Joey starts walking all hunched over and bobbing his shoulders as he goes.]
Chandler : (to Joey) Is that your new walk?
Chandler : I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will. (No one in the room laughs. He starts to get flustered.) Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend. (Ross looks embarrassed.) And I thought things were going to work out for him..Until the day he over inflated her. (He laughs. Jack looks at Judy and no one in the room laughs.) Ohh, Dear God.. (A cellular phone rings.) Mrs.
Chandler : (Continuing his toast.) And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall. (No reaction from the people.) Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily. (He sits down.)
Chandler : Out loud?
Chandler : So how are you doing?
Chandler : The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Chandler : Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Chandler : Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn't want you?
Chandler : (With the covers pulled up to his chin.) Morning, Ross.
Chandler : Yeah you are!!
Chandler : Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
Chandler : So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
Chandler : Yes...Yes..Uh-huh, You?(Looking over at her. She looks back.) We did you.
Chandler : Oh yea yea, absolutely.
Chandler : I don't want to look. [Scene: The Virgin Atlantic flight to London that Rachel is on.]
Chandler : Hey.
Chandler : (Very defensive.) I'm not seeing Monica.
Chandler : What?
Chandler : Oh my god!
Chandler : No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?! (Joey looks totally confused.) [Scene: The plane. Rachel's telling her story to the passenger on her left. The one on her left is still wearing his headphones.]
Chandler : Oh yea, your right. It's the second one.
Chandler : What we did last night was....
Chandler : Totally crazy stupid. (He nods his head at the people seated.)
Chandler : I'm coming over tonight though, right?
Chandler : Yeah. We don't feel like we can host Thanksgiving this year.
Chandler : Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.
Chandler : No, no! We made this decision together.
Chandler : Don't let yourself get manipulated this way!
Chandler : We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you? OPENING CREDITS [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Rachel and Monica are in there, and Phoebe enters]
Chandler : Why come all the way from Kansas to do that?
Chandler : You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon!
Chandler : Somebody is gonna pick us.
Chandler : I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing. (pause) What, he's my favourite author!
Chandler : (after a long pause) "The Firm"?
Chandler : You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
Chandler : I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Chandler : Tell me more.
Chandler : You obviously haven't tasted my Palmolive potatoes! (Ross and Joey enter)
Chandler : Oh my God!
Chandler : Hmm, the game's at one.
Chandler : Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back.
Chandler : You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up.
Chandler : Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Chandler : Okay. (pause) And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
Chandler : I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day! [Scene: The corridor. Ross and Joey have just arrived.]
Chandler : (peeping) They're out there!
Chandler : (peeping) Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game!
Chandler : (looking through the peephole again) Ross' shirt is torn.
Chandler : Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that... (speaking lower to Monica) what happens to cranberry sauce?
Chandler : (relieved) Oh thank God! [cut to the hall]
Chandler : (looking through the peephole) That's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand.
Chandler : Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it. (Monica looks at Chandler) [cut to the hall] (Rachel comes out of the apartment holding a pot. Joey holds in anticipation and Rachel opens it)
Chandler : HA-HA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts!
Chandler : Please let me stay on this side of the door. [cut to hall]
Chandler : The cranberries...?
Chandler : He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him! (They both look away)
Chandler : The floating heads do make a good point.
Chandler : Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
Chandler : That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling.
Chandler : A little late for that.
Chandler : Uhm, we've got turkey grease.
Chandler : Can you ever feel your ears?
Chandler : (sarcastically) Oh, I left them on my bulldozer... I don't have tools!
Chandler : Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH!
Chandler : Come on guys, PUSH!
Chandler : PUSH! PUSH! PUSH! (The chain breaks loose from the wall, and because Joey was pushing with all his might, he propells into the kitchen, towards the table with all the food. This table has wheels underneath it, and when Joey falls on this table, he rides into the living room, with all the food falling off, until finally Joey also falls off... Joey gets up quickly, a bit agitated, and acting as nothing happened. He is covered in food stains.)
Chandler : My cranberries!
Chandler : Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you! (Monica enters from the spare bedroom.)
Chandler : (to Monica) Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did!
Chandler : What's going on?
Chandler : And?
Chandler : Are you serious? (they hug)
