Joey : C'mon, you're going out with the guy! There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Joey : Instead of...?
Joey : Never had that dream.
Joey : This guy says hello, I wanna kill myself.
Joey : And you never knew she was a lesbian...
Joey : Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is? (Ross GESTURES HIS CONSENT)
Joey : Strip joint! C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones!
Joey : I say push her down the stairs.
Joey : (SITTING BESIDE HER) And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey. Me and Chandler live across the hall. And he's away a lot.
Joey : What, like there's a rule or something? (THE DOOR BUZZER SOUNDS. Chandler GETS IT)
Joey : Who's Paul?
Joey : Wait. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Joey : Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Joey : What's this?
Joey : Done with the bookcase!
Joey : Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Joey : You got screwed. (CUT TO Monica and PAUL EATING IN A RESTAURANT)
Joey : What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavour of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavours out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Joey : Congratulations. And while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelette or something... (Joey and Chandler TASTE THE COFFEE, GRIMACE, and POUR IT INTO A PLANT POT) Although actually I'm really not that hungry... (ENTER Monica FROM HER ROOM)
Joey : Morning, Paul.
Joey : That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
Joey : Yeah, I'm an actor.
Joey : I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
Joey : I will not take this abuse. (WALKS TO DOOR and OPENS IT TO LEAVE)
Joey : (PERCHED ON THE SIDE OF THE SOFA)Of course it was a line!
Joey : (BURSTS OUT LAUGHING AGAIN) I can't believe you didn't know it was a line! (Monica PUSHES HIM OFF THE SOFA. ENTER Rachel WITH SHOPPING)
Joey : I can't believe what I'm hearing here.
Joey : Yeah, right!.......Y'serious?
Joey : (pause)....Are we still talking about sex? Opening Credits
Joey : Yeah, sorry, the swallowing slowed me down.
Joey : Yeah, calm down. You don't see Ross getting all chaotic and twirly every time they come.
Joey : Oh! Yeah!
Joey : Alright, when'd'ya have it on last?
Joey : .....Well, this is still ruined, right? [Scene, Monica and Rachel's, Monica and Ross are pouring wine for their parents.] Mrs.
Joey : Your folks are really that bad, huh?
Joey : What are we supposed to be seeing here?
Joey : Since always. It's like dating language. Y'know, like 'It's not you' means 'It is you'.
Joey : Yeah. Cushions the blow.
Joey : "Warden, in five minutes my pain will be over. But you'll have to live with the knowledge that you sent an honest man to die."
Joey : Thanks! Let's keep going.
Joey : "I just wanna go back to my cell. 'Cause in my cell, I can smoke."
Joey : What?
Joey : Whoah!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : No no no, I am not giving you a cigarette.
Joey : Y'miss it?
Joey : That's ridiculous!
Joey : Y'okay, Phoebe?
Joey : What are you talking about? Keep it!
Joey : So when do we get to meet the guy?
Joey : Let it go, Ross.
Joey : You can come in, but your filter-tipped little buddy has to stay outside! (Chandler sulkilty picks up a garbage can lid and uses it as an umbrella.) (Phoebe enters, walks to the couch, sits down, and begins to read a letter without saying hi.)
Joey : (shouting to Chandler) Chandler! He's here! (Chandler comes in, dripping wet.)
Joey : Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked.
Joey : Alan.
Joey : ...Does the knuckle-cracking bother everybody?
Joey : Well, is it, like, a little annoying, or is it like when Phoebe chews her hair? (Phoebe spits out her hair.)
Joey : Oh, (Imitating Ross) "you do, do you"? (Monica laughs and snorts.)
Joey : Do you have any respect for your body?
Joey : (dragged in by Monica, he has just gotten out of the shower) What's going on?
Joey : Even nicer when everyone gets to wear their underwear..
Joey : Oh, God! (Hurriedly closes his legs.)
Joey : So that's it? It's over? Just like that?
Joey : Okay!
Joey : Probably kill myself!
Joey : Hey, if Little Joey's dead, then I got no reason to live!
Joey : You are? Ross, I'm sorry.. (INTRO) SCENE
Joey : ...Ninety-five, ninety-six, ninety-seven. See, I told you! Less than a hundred steps from our place to here.
Joey : (TO Ross) Hey! Here's the birthday boy! Ross, check it
Joey : We love you, man. (KISSES HIM)
Joey : So?
Joey : What's wrong with the twentieth?
Joey : The hell with hockey, let's all do that!
Joey : C'mon, Ross!
Joey : Oh, you're fine, yeah, for a first job.
Joey : Leech spots Messier in the crease- there's the pass! (KICKS IT TO Ross, BUT Ross IS STARING INTO A SHOP WINDOW)
Joey : What?
Joey : -Peaches?
Joey : Hey, that woman's got an ass like Carol's! (THEY TURN TO STARE AT HIM) What? Thought we were trying to find stuff. (CUT TO Central Perk- Rachel, LESLIE, KIKI and JOANNE TALKING)
Joey : C'mon, sit. Just sit down, sit. (CUT TO THE GIRLS)
Joey : Well, how long do you think it'll be?
Joey : He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that.
Joey : What?
Joey : With Carol? (Ross GIVES HIM A LOOK)
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Whoah, boy, hockey was a big mistake! There was a whole bunch of stuff we could've done tonight! (BALCONY)
Joey : Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman?
Joey : Really?
Joey : Oh, ah- the kid has it.
Joey : Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Joey : No plans, huh?
Joey : Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling.
Joey : My god, Angela. [Angela takes a seat at the counter.]
Joey : No, yeah, no, ok, but not yet. I don't wanna seem too eager. One Mississippi, two Mississippi, three Mississippi. That seems pretty cool. [he walks over to her] Hey, Angela.
Joey : You look good.
Joey : You don't say. [Cut to Ross and Rachel, talking next to one of the tables.]
Joey : Bob? Who the hell's Bob?
Joey : Come on, we were great together. And not just at the fun stuff, but like, talking too.
Joey : What?
Joey : Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
Joey : You know, you and Bob, and me and my girlfriend, uh, uh, Monica.
Joey : Monica, I'm tellin' you, this guy is perfect for you.
Joey : Come on. This guy's great. His name's Bob. He's Angela's... brother. He's smart, he's sophisticated, and he has a real job. Me, I go on three auditions a month and call myself an actor, but Bob is--
Joey : What?
Joey : Eww! Look, I'm asking a favor here. If I do this for her brother, maybe Angela will come back to me.
Joey : [proud] I know, but, I made a huge mistake. I never should have broken up with her. Will you help me? Please?
Joey : Yep.
Joey : Which what?
Joey : No, but he's--
Joey : Oh my god.
Joey : I suddenly had the feeling that I was falling. But I'm not. Commercial Break
Joey : So, you and Angela, huh?
Joey : You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
Joey : Oh, yeah, yeah, listen for it.
Joey : Yeah, but it's not gonna last. She's too much for me in bed. Sexually.
Joey : What?
Joey : Come on, they're close.
Joey : Oh, like you've never gotten a little rambunctious with Ross.
Joey : Well, who's to say what's true? I mean--
Joey : All right, look, I'm not proud of this, ok? Well, maybe I am a little.
Joey : Ow!
Joey : Wait, wait, wait. You want him, I want her. He likes you.
Joey : Yeah. I'm thinking, if we put our heads together, between the two of us, we can break them up. [ Scene changes to later that night. Monica accidentally spilled her drink on Bob's shirt and is wiping it off. Joey is making eyes at Angela.]
Joey : Uh, waiter, one more plate of chicken wings over here.
Joey : Excellent.
Joey : Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (GOES INTO A SONG and DANCE NUMBER) All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang... (INTRO) SCENE
Joey : Whadja think? (PAUSE)
Joey : C'mon, you guys, it wasn't that bad. It was better than that thing I did with the trolls, at least you got to see my head.
Joey : The Estelle Leonard Talent Agency. Wow, an agency left me its card! Maybe they wanna sign me!
Joey : Who's Rick?
Joey : I couldn't do it.
Joey : When I'm with a woman, I need to know that I'm going out with more people than she is.
Joey : Uh huh.. uh huh... oh my God! Okay! Okay, I'll be there! (TO All) That was my agent. (TOSSES and CATCHES PHONE) My agent has just gotten me a job- in the new Al Pacino movie!
Joey : Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! 'I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!'
Joey : 'Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!'
Joey : ...I'm his (MUMBLES)
Joey : ...I'm his butt double. 'Kay? I play Al Pacino's butt. Alright? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
Joey : C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Joey : Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Joey : Here. I need to borrow some moisturizer.
Joey : Whaddya think? Today's the big day!
Joey : Thank you! (GOES OFF TO THE BATHROOM) (ENTER Chandler WITH A PHONE)
Joey : Uh, listen, I just wanna thank you for this great opportunity.
Joey : Me?
Joey : Right. Okay. Losing the robe. (TAKES IT OFF) And the robe is lost.
Joey : Well, I'm- I'm showering.
Joey : Oh. Well, the way I see it, the guy's upset here, y'know? I mean, his wife's dead, his brother's missing... I think his butt would be angry here.
Joey : I was going for quiet desperation. But if you have to ask... SCENE
Joey : Nope.
Joey : I got fired.
Joey : Yeah, they said I acted too much with it. I told everybody about this! Now everybody's gonna go to the theatre, expecting to see me, and-
Joey : My mom will.
Joey : Y'know, I've done nothing but crappy plays for six years. And I finally get my shot, and I blow it!
Joey : Hard to tell, I was naked.
Joey : Yeah? That's so nice! (THEY HUG) (Ross and Chandler LOOK AT EACH OTHER and HUG AS WELL)
Joey : Hi everyone.
Joey : Well, Chandler's old roomate was Jewish, and these are the only candles we have, so... Happy Chanukah, everyone.
Joey : What's up man?
Joey : [to everyone] Oh my God! He's trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre! [on phone] Chandler, listen. [says something intentionally garbled]
Joey : OK... my weirdest place would have to be... the women's room on the second floor of the New York CIty public library.
Joey : We have a winner!
Joey : It's never gonna happen.
Joey : You and Rachel.
Joey : Because you waited too long to make your move, and now you're in the friend zone.
Joey : Ross, you're mayor of the zone.
Joey : Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
Joey : Yeeeeaaaahhh! What's messing you up? The wine? The candles? The moonlight? You've just got to go up to her and say, 'Rachel, I think that...' [Rachel comes into the room behind them]
Joey : Are you going to do it?
Joey : Do you want any help?
Joey : Good luck, man.
Joey : OK. [Ross goes out on the balcony to talk to Rachel] [Monica walks in, starts to go out on the balcony.]
Joey : Hey, where are you going?
Joey : You can't go out there.
Joey : Because of... the reason.
Joey : I, um, can't tell you.
Joey : OK, you've got to promise that you'll never, ever tell Ross that I told you.
Joey : He's planning your birthday party.
Joey : [as Phoebe enters] You'd better act surprised.
Joey : Hey, don't look at me. This is Ross's thing.
Joey : Sorry, that was wax.
Joey : [does a maniacal laugh] Bwah-hah-hah! [Everyone starts to imitate him.]
Joey : Hey Ross. This probably isn't the best time to bring it up, but you have to throw a party for Monica. Closing Credits
Joey : Not me.
Joey : Twice?
Joey : You guys okay?
Joey : Now, see, I don't believe any of that. I think once you're dead, you're dead! You're gone! You're worm food! [Realises his tactlessness] ...So Chandler looks gay, huh?
Joey : [Entering with Chandler] Morning. We ready to go?
Joey : What?
Joey : Check it out, Giants-Cowboys. [He has a pocket TV]
Joey : No, it's the pre-game. I'm gonna watch it at the reception.
Joey : [Hides the TV, but he still has an earphone] Just a, uh... hearing disability. Mr.
Joey : Seventeen-fourteen Giants... three minutes to go in the third. Mr.
Joey : Ooh, look look look look look! I got Monica naked!
Joey : Hey, hey.
Joey : Yes, I am. As of today, I am officially Joey Tribbiani, actor slash model.
Joey : You know those posters for the city free clinic?
Joey : No, but I hear lyme disease is open, so... [crosses fingers]
Joey : Thanks. [Ross comes back to the couch.]
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : [to Monica] We did?
Joey : Uh, hi. We uh, we used to work together.
Joey : Yeah, at Macy's. You were the Obsession girl, right? I was the Aramis guy. [pretends to spray cologne] Aramis? Aramis?
Joey : I gotta tell you. You're the best in the business.
Joey : I'm serious. You're amazing. You know when to spritz, when to lay back.
Joey : Ooh, you smell great tonight. What're you wearing?
Joey : Listen, uh, you wanna go get a drink or something?
Joey : What's wrong?
Joey : Oh. What?
Joey : Wait, wait, wait! [Joey turns around and sees his face on a poster in the subway. The poster
Joey : So I guess you all saw it.
Joey : Set another place for Thanksgiving. My entire family thinks I have VD.
Joey : Chandler, will you just come in already?
Joey : Hey, Monica, I got a question. I don't see any tater tots.
Joey : But my mom always makes them. It's like a tradition. You get a little piece of turkey on your fork, a little cranberry sauce, and a tot! It's bad enough I can't be with my family because of my disease.
Joey : The balloon?
Joey : Wait, wait, we have a copy of your key.
Joey : That tone will not make me go any faster.
Joey : That one will. [Joey leaves to get the copy of the key.]
Joey : Nope, not that one.
Joey : Hey, I got one keyhole and about a zillion keys. You do the math.
Joey : Hey, we all had better plans. This was nobody's first choice.
Joey : You call that delicious? (all shouting)
Joey : I've gotta see this. All right Ugly Naked Guy!
Joey : Oh, I will.
Joey : The bigger half.
Joey : Ahhhhhh, I didn't get the job.
Joey : I dunno. Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager. He's not even jolly, it's all political.
Joey : Ah, I'm gonna be one of his helpers. It's just such a slap in the face, y'know?
Joey : Hey, that guy's going home with more than a note! [Scene
Joey : Hi. Hi, sorry I'm late. [He removes the coat to reveal an elf costume]
Joey : Nice shoes, huh? [He wiggles his foot and the bells tinkle]
Joey : You know more than one Fun Bobby?
Joey : Ooh ooh ooh ooh, there's no room for milk!
Joey : Uh, four.
Joey : Yeah, and I met this really hot single mom at the store. What's an elf to do?
Joey : Sandy! Hi! C'mon in! [She enters, followed by a young boy and a younger girl]...You brought your kids.
Joey : Wow, that's, uh, dirty.
Joey : Hey, kids...
Joey : [Approaching] Hey Fun Bobby! Whoah! Who died? [Monica gestures wildly behind Fun Bobby's back] [Time lapse. Bobby is talking about his grandfather. Everyone else is virtually in tears] Fun
Joey : There y'go, kids.
Joey : You seen Sandy?
Joey : Looks like that no date pact thing worked out.
Joey : Nonono, you can't kiss Ross, that's your brother.
Joey : Alrightalrightalright. [Kisses him. Ross takes a photo] There. [Credits] [Credits
Joey : I can't believe you said woowoo. I don't even say woowoo.
Joey : C'mon, she's your mom!
Joey : Uhhhh.... I'll just pee in the street. [Commercial] [Scene
Joey : Yeah. [Ross drags Joey into the hall and slams the door]
Joey : Right. No big deal.
Joey : In Bizarro World!! You broke the code!
Joey : You don't kiss your friend's mom! Sisters are okay, maybe a hot-lookin' aunt... but not a mom, never a mom! [Chandler opens the door and startles them. He picks up the paper]
Joey : Yeah, well, you don't have your racket.
Joey : Yeah, well you didn't call and leave your grip size.
Joey : Ross, how could you let this happen?
Joey : You don't think my mom's sexy?
Joey : I'll have you know that Gloria Tribbiani was a handsome woman in her day, alright? You think it's easy giving birth to seven children?
Joey : He forgot to leave his grip size!
Joey : So are you gonna tell him?
Joey : How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.
Joey : Uhhhh.... he's not even wearing a jockstrap!
Joey : Uh... y'know, knowledge is a tricky thing.
Joey : Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.
Joey : Me neither, y'know what-
Joey : What are you mad at me for?!
Joey : [Shouting after him] Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! [To Ross] See what happens when you break the code?
Joey : Ah! [Points to door] Huh? [Leaves and slams the door] [Scene
Joey : [To Ross, on the couch] Now, here's a picture of my mother and father on their wedding day. Now you tell me she's not a knockout.
Joey : C'mon! Just try to picture her not pregnant, that's all.
Joey : [Laughing] Mother-Kisser... [Sees Ross's look] I'll shut up.
Joey : Shh. He did it. He told her off, and not just about the kiss, about everything.
Joey : No, no. He said 'When are you gonna grow up and start being a mom?'
Joey : Then she came back with 'The question is, when are you gonna grow up and realise I have a bomb?'
Joey : That makes more sense.
Joey : I dunno, I've been standing here spelling it out for you! [Goes back to the door] I don't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, wait. [Looks through the spyhole]
Joey : Hard to tell, they're so tiny and upside-down. Wait, wait. They're walking away... they're walking away... No, no they're not, they're coming right at us! Run! Run! [Joey runs off down the hall. Ross tries Mon+Rach's apartment, but it is locked so he has to stand in the hall and pretend he wasn't listening. Chandler and his mom come out] Mrs.
Joey : You usually find them on the 'heaving beasts'.
Joey : Ross, did you really read all these baby books?
Joey : Hey Ross, listen, you know that right now, your baby's only this big? [measures about 2 inches with his thumb and index finger] This is your baby. [in baby-like voice] Hi Daddy!
Joey : I love babies, with their little baby shoes, and their little baby toes, and their little baby hands...
Joey : Need a new table.
Joey : That's the rule.
Joey : How'd you get to that?
Joey : You knew about that?
Joey : Ok, ok, How about if we split it?
Joey : Yeah
Joey : Why not?
Joey : Why, are you moving out?
Joey : You'd tell me if you were moving out right
Joey : Aw, I know all about Kip!
Joey : Well, let me ask you something, was Kip a better roommate than me?
Joey : So what's it gonna be? [Monica whispers in Joey's ear. Ross gets up and waves arms frantically in protest]
Joey : Or an uncle... [Phoebe enters] Joey and
Joey : Hey, Chandler, that table place closes at 7, come on.
Joey : Whoa, whoa, store will be open tomorrow!
Joey : Feminist issue. That's where I went!
Joey : Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one? [points to a table]
Joey : So what, like people are gonna come in and think, "Uh-oh, I'm outside again?" Of course! Chandler [gesturing towards another
Joey : I don't know, birds just don't say, "Hello, sit here, eat something"
Joey : All right, how about the ladybugs?
Joey : Fine, you want to get the birds, get the birds!
Joey : Who cares, we'll eat at the sink! Come on, let's play!
Joey : No-no, she kicked our butts. You could be on the Olympic standing-there team.
Joey : Yes, now is when you swoop! You gotta make sure that when Paolo walks out of there, the first guy Rachel sees is you, She's gotta know that you're everything he's not! You're like, like the anti-Paolo!
Joey : Wha- Joey &
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Uh, it's
Joey : Hey you guys. Hey, you all know my dad, right?
Joey : Dad, dad. [Shakes his head] Mr.
Joey : [Snatches the phone] Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? [To his dad] Did you know this isn't Ma? [His dad nods. Cut to later. Joey is chopping mushrooms] Mr.
Joey : Sure. So how long you been... [Goes back to chopping] Mr.
Joey : Since then?! Mr.
Joey : ...I d'know. Mr.
Joey : You're one to talk. [Puts the mushrooms in a saucepan] Mr.
Joey : Oh man. Please tell me one of 'em is Ma. Mr.
Joey : It's like if you woke up one day and found out your dad was leading this double life. He's like actually some spy, working for the CIA. [Considers] That'd be cool.... This blows!
Joey : What's the matter with Rog?
Joey : Night, you guys. [They notice that a woman is sitting by their door]
Joey : Hey. Can, uh, can we help you?
Joey : I'm Joey Tribbiani.
Joey : Dad, Ronni's here. Mr.
Joey : Whoah-ho. Mr.
Joey : No you won't.
Joey : If you go to a hotel you'll be.. doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you. Mr.
Joey : That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
Joey : Now dad, you'll be in my room, Ronni- uh, you can stay in Chandler's room.
Joey : Okay. Now this is just for tonight. Starting tomorrow, you gotta make a change. This has gone on long enough. Mr.
Joey : Well, either you break it off with Ronni- Mr.
Joey : Then you gotta come clean with Ma! This is not right! Mr.
Joey : I don't wanna hear it! Now go to my room! [Scene
Joey : Just trying to get comfortable. I can't sleep in my underwear.
Joey : I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Joey : Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Joey : No.
Joey : You really think so?
Joey : Thanks, Chandler. [Snuggles up to him]
Joey : [Runs out in a towel] What's the matter with you?!
Joey : Ma! What're you doing here? Mrs.
Joey : Oww! Big ring! Mrs.
Joey : Hold on, you-you knew? Mrs.
Joey : So then- how could you- I mean, how could you?!- Mrs.
Joey : Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you? Mrs.
Joey : I'm...happy...for you? Mrs.
Joey : Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want. Mrs.
Joey : Yeah. You're ten times prettier than she is. Mrs.
Joey : With this ring? No contest. [Scene
Joey : Yeah. He's gonna keep cheating on my ma like she wanted, she's gonna keep pretending she doesn't know even though she does, and my little sister Tina can't see her husband any more because he got a restraining order...which has nothing to do with anything except that I found out today.
Joey : Yeah, I guess. It's just- parents, after a certain point, you gotta let go. Even if you know better, you've gotta let them make their own mistakes.
Joey : Clear the tracks for the boobie payback express. Next
Joey : Sorry. Wrong boobies. [He leaves. Cut to Monica entering Chandler and Joey's apartment. She sneaks up to the shower door]
Joey : I'm tellin' you Ross, she wants you.
Joey : You're in!
Joey : Excuse me, could we get an egg over here, still in the shell? Thanks.
Joey : Yeah, you're gonna go up to her and say, "Here's your egg back, I'm returning your egg."
Joey : Think it'll work?
Joey : Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
Joey : No, no, no, don't you dare bail on me. The only reason she's goin' out with me is because I said I could bring a friend for her friend.
Joey : Pathetic mess? I know, but--come on, man, she's needy, she's vulnerable. I'm thinkin', cha-ching! [Rachel throws a roll at Joey. He picks it up and eats it.] Thanks. Look, you have not been out with a woman since Janice. You're doin' this.
Joey : [Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife] How do I look?
Joey : No, no, no, don't! I've been waitin' for like, forever to go out with Lorraine. Just calm down.
Joey : [at the urinal] Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
Joey : Good for you. [jumps suddenly] Uh, quarters or rolls of quarters?
Joey : [to Lorraine] We can't do that.
Joey : Uh, can I talk to you for a second, over there? [Chandler and Joey leave the table.]
Joey : Uh, we might be leaving now.
Joey : She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
Joey : You're right, I'm sorry. You're right.
Joey : I'm outta here. Here's my credit card. Dinner's on me. I'm sorry, Chandler.
Joey : [in disbelief] Whoa.
Joey : I don't know. You dumped her on New Year's.
Joey : [to Chandler] If you don't do it, I will.
Joey : So what're you going to do?
Joey : How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
Joey : [aside to Ross] So.... back to your place...you thinking, maybe... [gestures with hands, back and forth] huh-huh?
Joey : I'm telling you, that monkey is a chick magnet! She's going to take one look at his furry, cute little face and it'll seal the deal.
Joey : [tasting] Mmmm. Good.
Joey : It's creamier.
Joey : I don't know. We're talking about whipped fish, Monica. I'm just happy I'm keeping it down, y'know? [Chandler kicks open the door, angrily. His clothes are askew, he looks beat.]
Joey : Uh-oh.
Joey : [in disbelief] Vulva?
Joey : [sarcastic] Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
Joey : What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Joey : Why not? Come on! Close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
Joey : ....yeah... what else?
Joey : [walks to catch up to him] Alright, look, I'll start, OK?
Joey : Come on. Come on. Alright, ready, look! [in a low voice] Oh... Ross.... you get me so hot. I want your lips on me now.
Joey : Alright, now you say something.
Joey : Come on! You like this woman, right?
Joey : You want to see her again, right?
Joey : Well if you can't talk dirty to me, how're you going to talk dirty to her? Now tell me you want to caress my butt!
Joey : [turning around] Alright, alright. I'm around. Go ahead.
Joey : There you go! Keep going. Keep going!
Joey : Say it... say it!
Joey : Hey Chandler, while you were sleeping that guy from your old job called again.
Joey : And again, and again, and again... [phone rings, he answers] Hello? [hands phone to Chandler] And again.
Joey : What a tool!
Joey : [to Ross] So, er... how did it go with Celia?
Joey : All right, Ross!
Joey : Whoa! And the... [gestures with hands] huh-huh?
Joey : You cuddled.
Joey : Yeah, where the hell is he?
Joey : There's the waitress. Excuse me, Miss. Hello, Miss?
Joey : No, no how come are you working here?
Joey : No no no!
Joey : I'm sayin' I see a difference.
Joey : I don't care. Phoebe's Phoebe. Ursula's--hot!
Joey : Hey Pheebs, guess who we saw today.
Joey : Nope.
Joey : Nope.
Joey : Not from where I was standin'.
Joey : I went back to Riff's. I think Ursula likes me. All I ordered was coffee, and she brought me a tuna melt and four plates of curly fries.
Joey : She is so hot.
Joey : Pheebs? You think it would be ok if I asked out your sister?
Joey : So that if we went out on a date, she'd be there.
Joey : Cool, thanks.
Joey : Hey. (knock)
Joey : Phoebe, could you do me a favor? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.
Joey : Oh, no no no. It's for Ursula. I just figured, you know, size wise.
Joey : Yep. Ice Capades.
Joey : I don't know. I like her, you know. She's different. There's uh, somethin about her that--
Joey : Hey, Phoebe, I asked you and you said it was ok.
Joey : Ok, well maybe now I'm not ok with it not being ok.
Joey : Out.
Joey : Yes.
Joey : Well, not that it's any of your business, but, no, we haven't, ok? You meant sex, right?
Joey : That's nice.
Joey : Tampa Bay's got a terrible team.
Joey : He should take the sack?
Joey : Yeah, Ross. You and the baby just need better blocking. Oh, have either one of you guys ever been to the Rainbow Room? Is it real expensive?
Joey : I'm takin' Ursula tonight. It's her birthday.
Joey : When's that?
Joey : Oh, man. What're the odds of that happening?
Joey : What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.
Joey : Well, if she's my friend, hopefully she'll understand. I mean, wouldn't you guys?
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Your sister stood me up the other night.
Joey : I've been trying for two days. When I call the restaurant, they say she's too busy to talk. I can't believe she's blowin' me off.
Joey : Urs, what're you doing here? I've been trying to call you.
Joey : No, no, no, don't say "listen". I know that "listen". I've said that "listen".
Joey : I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
Joey : You don't drink
Joey : Urs--
Joey : Why? Is it because I'm friends with Phoebe?
Joey : No. No, I, I couldn't do that.
Joey : Then, uh, then I'm sorry.
Joey : I know. I don't know whether it's just 'cause we're breakin' up or what, but you have never looked so beautiful.
Joey : Pheebs?
Joey : We just got the message.
Joey : Oh no, I'm sure the Xerox machine caught a few. Credits
Joey : Shut up!
Joey : Thank you.
Joey : There was chocolate on the three. It looked like an eight, alright?
Joey : Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
Joey : Whoa, whoa, whoa, Monica, what're you doin'? This is a poker game. You can't serve food with more than one syllable. It's gotta be like chips, or dip, or pretz--[look of realization]
Joey : About what?
Joey : Heh... I was bluffing.
Joey : You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
Joey : [pause]...Yeah?
Joey : No, I don't think so, see Ross, because I think you love her.
Joey : Alright now listen, you guys, we talked about it, and if you don't want to play, we completely understand.
Joey : But hey, thanks for teachin' us Cross-Eyed Mary. You guys, we gotta play that at our regular game.
Joey : What?
Joey : Alright, well, I'm gonna order a pizza. [gets up]
Joey : That's fine. I'll just have a Tic-Tac to hold me over.
Joey : Uh... Phoebe? Phoebe?
Joey : Me too. Alright, whattaya got.
Joey : Ahhh, I fold like a cheap hooker who got hit in the stomach by a fat guy with sores on his face. [the girls look at him, confused] Oh, I'm out.
Joey : Look, Rachel, we don't have to do this.
Joey : Check.
Joey : That's OK, Ross, you can ask me. What? [Ross looks at Joey, dumbfounded at his stupidity.]
Joey : Here, I got five, I got five. [Ross takes the money]
Joey : [to
Joey : Oh!
Joey : [triumphantly] The Unbearable Likeness of Being!
Joey : Suck-fest.
Joey : Hey, I don't need violence to enjoy a movie. Just so long as there's a little nudity.
Joey : I meant female nudity. Alright? I don't need to see Lou Grant frolicking. Monica and
Joey : I agree. I'm, like, in disbelief.
Joey : She really said that?
Joey : 'Tonight' tonight?
Joey : How could you lose him?
Joey : Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Joey : Marcel?
Joey : Marcel? [They come to a door and silently agree to try it. A very sweaty woman emerges] Woman
Joey : A monkey.
Joey : Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way? Woman
Joey : Oh. Then, no. [Another sweaty woman comes to the door and speaks to her friend] Woman
Joey : Uh, aren't we kind of in the middle of something here?
Joey : We can't, alright? [To the women] We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out. [The women quickly shut the door]
Joey : Marcel?
Joey : I dunno, I loved high school. Y'know? It was just four years of parties and dating and sex.
Joey : No way! Mr.Salty is a sailor, all right, he's got to be, like, thetoughest snack there is.
Joey : Her answer machine?
Joey : Duh, where've you been?
Joey : Man, we gotta do something about that guy. This morning, I caught him looking into our apartment. It creeps me out! I feel like I can't do stuff!
Joey : Will you grow up? I'm not talking about sexy stuff, but, like, when I'm cooking naked.
Joey : Yeah, toast, oatmeal... nothing that spatters. (A PAUSE AS THEY LOOK AT Chandler)
Joey : Maybe she never got your message.
Joey : He's back! The peeper's back! (ENTER Rachel FROM HER BEDROOM)
Joey : (DUCKING) Get down!
Joey : (INTRIGUED) Yeah?
Joey : ..Naughty!
Joey : Oh, hold up, I'll walk out with you. Now, Rach, when she taught you to kiss, you were at camp, and.. were you wearing any kinda little uniform, or- (EXIT Rachel, SLAMMING DOOR IN HIS FACE) That's fine, yeah... (EXIT Joey)
Joey : (WATCHES THEM FOR A WHILE) Oh my. SCENE
Joey : Hey, you know our phone's not working?
Joey : I tried to call you from the coffee shop, and there was no answer.
Joey : Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
Joey : (TO Monica) Can I use your phone? (ON PHONE) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
Joey : Yeah, is Sidney there? Oh, this is? (TO THE GANG) Sidney's a woman.
Joey : Yeah. Yeah, so what? (TO PHONE) Look, I live across the street, (WALKING TO WINDOW) and I know all about you and your little telescope, and I don't appreciate it, okay? Yeah, I can see you right now! Hello! If I wanna walk around my apartment in my underwear, I shouldn't have to feel like- Thank you, but... that's not really the point... The point is that... mostly free weights, but occasionally..
Joey : (STILL ON PHONE) Yeah, my neighbour... Yeah, the brunette... (TO Monica) She says you looked very pretty the other day in the green dress.
Joey : Yeah, she said you looked like Ingrid Bergman that day.
Joey : Big day. CLOSING CREDITS
Joey : All right, I'll give you this, Mr. Peanut is a better dresser. I mean he's got the monocle, he's got the top hat...
Joey : How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
Joey : No, still too ethnic. My agent thinks I should have a name that's more neutral.
Joey : Plus, y'know, I think it should be Joe. Y'know, Joey makes me sound like I'm, I dunno, this big. [Waitress looks at him funny] Which I'm not.
Joey : Stalin...Stalin...do I know that name? It sounds familiar.
Joey : [Writes it down] Joe Stalin. Y'know, that's pretty good.
Joey : Joseph Stalin. I think you'd remember that!
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Where've you been?
Joey : [To Chandler] Hey! He beat ya.
Joey : I can't believe it, Ross. This sucks!
Joey : Isn't there any way you can keep him?
Joey : How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
Joey : Did you call the cops?
Joey : You know there already is a Joseph Stalin?
Joey : Apparently he was this Russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. You'd think you would've known that!
Joey : Phoebe. Whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?
Joey : He- he- he got in, he- he got in to San Diego.
Joey : We, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing-
Joey : I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.
Joey : Marcel, I'm hungry.
Joey : Hi, uh, I'll be reading for the role of Mercutio. Casting Director
Joey : Exellent dream score.
Joey : I don?t know. What are you wearing? [Chandler, Monica and Phoebe looks at him]
Joey : Hey, hey, Chan. She could work for you.
Joey : What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
Joey : How young is young Ethan? Young?
Joey : Whoa!
Joey : Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn?t mean... [Ross?s beeper goes off]
Joey : All right, relax, relax. Just relax, just relax. Be cool, be cool. [Ross dials a number on his cellular phone]
Joey : Services? Oh, services.
Joey : Hey, hey. How was the first day?
Joey : Oh... Yeah, you do.
Joey : [reaches for hi scones] My scones. Phoebe, Joey &
Joey : All right.
Joey : So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
Joey : What?
Joey : Listen, the next time you talk to him, can you ask him which one the strongest "Power Ranger" is? [Ross and Chandler laughs]
Joey : Stegosaurus!
Joey : What about Andre?
Joey : They?re here allready? [Rachel, Ross and Ross go to the bathroom]
Joey : Uh, moist, yeah.
Joey : All right, all right. [he comes out from their apartment with a huge sandwich in his hand]
Joey : For the ride.
Joey : All rihgt, I?m going. I?m going. [They all go down the stairs, but Ross turns around, looking like his in a coma. The others also turns around to get him.]
Joey : Do we have to know about that?
Joey : I'm gonna be in the waitin' room, handing out cigars.
Joey : [to the screen] Shoot! Shoot! Shoot! Shoot, or just fall down. That's good too. [A young pregnant woman (LYDIA) enters.]
Joey : Oh, yeah.
Joey : Hey, listen, lady....[sees that she's pregnant]...whoa.
Joey : Oh yeah? And who do you like?
Joey : The Celtics? Ha. They couldn't hit a boat if...wait. They suck, alright?
Joey : Wha? Wha..aa? Let me get the father. Hey, we need a father over here! We need a father!
Joey : Oh, oh, oh, sorry.
Joey : Oh, uh, ok. Right this way. All the other pregnant women seem to be goin' in here.
Joey : Tribbiani.
Joey : [takes phone] Hi, yeah, it's me. Oh, no no no, we're just friends. [pause] Yeah, I'm single. [pause] 25. An actor. [pause] Hello?
Joey : Yeah, so, uh, so, uh, what's the deal with this father guy, I mean, if someone was havin' my baby somewhere, I'd wanna know about it, you know?
Joey : Ok, look, maybe I should just go.
Joey : Good luck, and uh, take care, huh? [He leaves, but then returns a moment later.]
Joey : You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
Joey : Oh, it is.
Joey : It is.
Joey : Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
Joey : [panicked] Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?
Joey : Come on, Lydia, you can do it. Push! Push 'em out, push 'em out, harder, harder. Push 'em out, push 'em out, way out! Let's get that ball and really move, hey, hey, ho, ho. Let's-- [notices the nurse looking at him strangely] I was just--yeah, right. Push! Push!
Joey : Oh, just had a baby.
Joey : Relax. You're only at nine centimeters. And the baby's at zero station.
Joey : Ben, Ben, hey Ben. Nothing. I don't think that's his name.
Joey : He doesn't do much, does he?
Joey : Hey, Chan, can you help me out here? I promise I'll pay you back.
Joey : I will, really. I'll pay you back this time.
Joey : Well... I'm helping out down at the NYU Med School with some... research.
Joey : Oh, just, y'know.... science.
Joey : [sigh]... It's a fertility study. [Rachel laughs.]
Joey : Alright, come on you guys, it's not that big a deal. Really... I mean, I just go down there every other day and... make my contribution to the project. Hey, hey, but at the end of two weeks, I get seven hundred dollars.
Joey : We make fire. Cook meat.
Joey : Oh, OK.
Joey : I don't know, she's, uh.... she's pretty great.
Joey : What, you think I'm gonna tell a girl I like that I'm also seeing a cup?
Joey : Well, the tough thing is, she really wants to have sex with me.
Joey : Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : The country?
Joey : Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
Joey : He's right, man. Please. Move on. Go to China. Eat Chinese food.
Joey : Listen, buddy, we're just looking out for you.
Joey : We want you to be happy. And I may only have a couple beers in me, but... I love you, man. [Joey gives Ross a hug]
Joey : Like the three musketeers, only with fruit.
Joey : Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I-- [Monica rolls her eyes.]
Joey : Then you do. Heh, heh.
Joey : What do you mean?
Joey : Not following you.
Joey : [to
Joey : [pats Chandler on the leg] That's good, just keep rubbing your head. That'll turn back time. COMMERCIAL BREAK
Joey : Well, given that he's desperately in love with you, he probably wouldn't mind getting a cup of coffee or something.
Joey : The country.
Joey : He's right, cause if you're just gonna, like, break his heart, that's the kind of thing that can wait.
Joey : Heh, heh. It was nothin'.
Joey : [panicked] Uhhh.. y'know what? Forget about me. Let's, uh... let's give you another turn.
Joey : Sure! Why not?
Joey : How do you mean?
Joey : Shhhh!
Joey : She's still asleep.
Joey : Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
Joey : Well, it's like, last night, I couldn't do the thing that usually makes me great. So I had to do all this other stuff. And the response I got... man, oh man, it was like a ticker tape parade!
Joey : It was amazing! And not just for her... uh-uh. For me, too. It's like, all of a sudden, I'm blind. But all my other senses are heightened, y'know? It's like... I was able to appreciate it on another level.
Joey : I know! Neither did I!
Joey : Seven hundred bucks!
Joey : Man, hell of a two weeks, huh? Y'know what, though? I really feel like I learned something.
Joey : What, are you crazy? When a blind man gets his sight back, does he walk around like this? [Joey closes his eyes and walks around with arms spread.]
Joey : Um, this?
Joey : Hello? Oh, hi. Yeah, hold on a second. Ross, it's Julie.
Joey : Needs some clothes altered?
Joey : Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. All right, when was 1990?
Joey : You know, I think I was sixteen.
Joey : No no no no no, I'm not fallin' for that again.
Joey : Whoa, whoa. And the fact that you dumped him because he hit on Phoebe?
Joey : Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey says hello. He'll know what it means.
Joey : Can we see her?
Joey : How're you doing?
Joey : Ooh, that bad, huh? Look, I can sense when women are depressed and vulnerable. It's one of my gifts.
Joey : You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
Joey : What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
Joey : Look, Rache, Rache, I've been with my share of women. In fact, I've been with like a lot of people's share of women. The point is, I've never felt about anyone the way Ross felt about you.
Joey : Frankie? What're you talking about?
Joey : No way. I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
Joey : That's how they do pants. First they go up one side, they move it over, they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Joey : What? That's not? Oh my god.
Joey : Hey, when the doctor does that hernia test...
Joey : I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants.
Joey : I gotta get one, too.
Joey : Yeah, we know, but there's a baby suckin' on it.
Joey : Uh, does it hurt?
Joey : Chandler?
Joey : Ok, I got one, I got one. If he blows into one, does the other one get bigger? OPENING TITLES
Joey : Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
Joey : Bijan for men? Hey Annabelle.
Joey : Who?
Joey : What's he doin' in my section?
Joey : Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? Hey, how ya doin'?
Joey : Listen, I know you're new, but it's kinda understood that everything from Young Men's to the escalator is my territory.
Joey : Yeah. Bijan for men?
Joey : Bijan for men? Hey, Annabelle, Uh, listen, I was wondering if maybe after work we could go maybe grab a cup of coffee.
Joey : Hey, it's not the first time I lost a girl to a cowboy spraying cologne. Bijan for men?
Joey : What is the big deal?
Joey : Yeah, it's kinda sweet, sorta like, uh--
Joey : Exactly.
Joey : Gimme a box a juice. Well, they switched me over to Hombre.
Joey : Or maybe it's because this guy's doing so good they wanna put more people on it. You should see this guy, Chandler, he goes through two bottles a day.
Joey : I know, but, I was the best, you know? I liked being the best. I don't know. Maybe I should just get outta the game. They need guys up in housewares to serve cheese.
Joey : Yeah I guess you're right.
Joey : I'm gonna do it.
Joey : Mornin'. I said, mornin'.
Joey : Yeah, I'm ready.
Joey : These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
Joey : Hold it hold it. I gotta side with Chandler on this one. When I first moved to the city, I went out a couple of times with this girl, really hot, great kisser, but she had the biggest Adam's apple. It made me nuts.
Joey : You guys are messin' with me, right?
Joey : That was a good one. For a second there, I was like, "whoa."
Joey : "Oh, Chandler, now, now, that's it. There, faster!"
Joey : Such as?
Joey : Check this out. Can I have this?
Joey : Hey, there's me! April 17th. Excessive noise. Italian guy comes homes with a date. Hey Chandler, look, you're in here too.
Joey : Check it out, check it out. Heckles' high school yearbook.
Joey : "Heckles, you crack me up in science class. You're the funniest kid in school.
Joey : That's what it says.
Joey : What?
Joey : So, you were both dorks. Big deal.
Joey : Have you been here all night?
Joey : Chandler, Heckles was a nut case.
Joey : All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
Joey : Chandler, come on, you're gonna find somebody.
Joey : I don't know, I'm just tryin' to help you out.
Joey : Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
Joey : You can come over and watch the Super Bowl. Every year, all right?
Joey : Supposably. Supposably. Did they go to the zoo? Supposably.
Joey : Geez, look how fat she got.
Joey : Hey, uh, you can't recycle yearbooks, can you?
Joey : You want his yearbook?
Joey : Oh, yeah.
Joey : Do we need a cake?
Joey : All right.
Joey : Well I guess I gotta start savin' up for Ross's birthday, so I guess I'll just stay home and eat dust bunnies.
Joey : Yes! Yeah, it's like they're always saying "let's go here, let's go there". Like we can afford to go here and there.
Joey : For Ross.
Joey : Hi.
Joey : If it's not you, this is a horrible story.
Joey : Yeah, someplace nice. (to Phoebe and Rachel) How much do you think I can get for my kidney? (at Central Perk)
Joey : Cool.
Joey : Sorry, sorry.
Joey : What are these, like famous chickens?
Joey : Yeah, I'll have the Thai chicken pizza. But, hey, look, if I get it without the nuts and leeks and stuff, is it cheaper?
Joey : Thank you.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Ok, um, uh, we three feel like, that uh, sometimes you guys don't get that uh, we don't have as much money as you.
Joey : 'Cause it's always somethin', you know, like Monica's new job, or the whole Ross's birthday hoopla.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Thanks.
Joey : Look, it's a nice gesture, it is. But it just feels like--
Joey : Charity.
Joey : Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.
Joey : Me too.
Joey : Fine.
Joey : Come on you guys, one more time.
Joey : Nooo.
Joey : Yeah, look, we were just saying, this whole thing is really stupid.
Joey : You partied with Hootie and the Blowfish?
Joey : And we don't work hard?
Joey : And you feel like we hold you back.
Joey : Let me get that. (to Chandler) You got five bucks?
Joey : The guy still won't put out, huh?
Joey : Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
Joey : Maybe he's. . . gay.
Joey : Woah, woah, woah, you have a date?
Joey : But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
Joey : [to Ross] You're getting a cat?
Joey : What?
Joey : Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."
Joey : Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.
Joey : Hey Phoebs.
Joey : I can't find the remote. [Phoebe turns off the TV] Thank you.
Joey : And?
Joey : All right Phoebs, way to go.
Joey : So, so how did it happen?
Joey : And what did he say?
Joey : Wow.
Joey : Let me get this straight. He got you to beg to sleep with him, he got you to say he never has to call you again, and he got you thinking this was a great idea.
Joey : This man is my God.
Joey : Tongue?
Joey : Cool. Opening Credits
Joey : [reading over her shoulder] Wait, here's one. Uh, would you be willing to cook naked?
Joey : No, but if you're willing to cook naked, then you might be willing to dance naked. And then... [rubs his fingers together] [Ross enters, distraught.]
Joey : You got all that from saline solution?
Joey : Hey, Julie, I didn't know you wore lenses.
Joey : Hey, here's a thought, Ross. [reaches for the computer]
Joey : Ross, listen. I got two words for you. Threesome. [Ross gives him an insulted look.]
Joey : Ok, let's start with the cons, 'cause they're more fun. All right, Rachel first.
Joey : You could say that.
Joey : Oh, her ankles are a little chubby.
Joey : [to Ross] Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
Joey : He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Joey : Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her? [Ross and Chandler stare angrily at Joey, who thinks he has come up with a good idea.]
Joey : Hey, cut him some slack. It was Chandler's idea.
Joey : [opens the drapes] Hey, Ross! What are you doin'?
Joey : Oh, yeah, I do. [He opens the window, Ross comes in, soaked.]
Joey : [quietly] I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? [Ross stares blankly at him] Maybe a little longer.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
Joey : You gave him cookies?
Joey : Oh my God.
Joey : Uhhh, I don't think you're gonna like this. [Joey shows them the torn-up newspaper.]
Joey : I can't believe it's Christmas already. Ya know, I mean, one day your eatin' turkey, the next thing ya know, your lords are a-leapin' and you geese are a-layin'.
Joey : Hey. [Ross approaches Rachel at counter.]
Joey : Hey.
Joey : C'mon show us what you bought. . . You know you want to.
Joey : So anyway, I'm trying to get my boss's ex-wife to sleep with me. . .
Joey : Oh, but when Phoebe has a problem, everyone's all ears!
Joey : Yeah, I know exactly what she's goin' through.
Joey : She told us.
Joey : Monica, pigeons learn faster that you. [Ross approaches Rachel, away from everyone else.]
Joey : Phoebe here with the cab yet?
Joey : Well she better get here soon, the outlet stores close at 7.
Joey : Hey, here she comes.
Joey : Hey. [Phoebe runs over the curb. Joey gets in the back seat, Chandler in the front]
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Yeah, big stuff.
Joey : Hey. [Phoebe takes off, Joey and Chandler are thrown back in the seat]
Joey : Sure is.
Joey : Good luck Phoebs.
Joey : How far'd ya get?
Joey : Phoebs, what's goin' on?
Joey : Well, maybe he's, maybe he's this really cool pharmacist guy.
Joey : Phoebs, that's OK. You took a big step today.
Joey : Yeah, and when you do, he'll be lucky to have you.
Joey : Uh, listen Phoebs, I know you're not goin' in there but do you think it'd be alright if I went in and used his bathroom? Oh, that's fine, never mind. Cool, snow, kinda like a blank canvas.
Joey : Really, hey, you mind if I turn the heat down?
Joey : Hey, Monica, the knob was broken so I just turned it off from underneath, I hope that's alright. CLOSING TITLES
Joey : Rach, these are for you.
Joey : No, but with this new car smell, you'll think you do.
Joey : Uh-huh.
Joey : And for Ross, Mr. Sweet-tooth.
Joey : I'm excited! I've never gotten reviewed before.
Joey : Here it is, here it is. [reading from newspaper] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction was Joseph Tribbiani's disturbingly unskilled portrayal of the king.
Joey : Maybe they do. I've been doin' this ten years and I haven't gotten anywhere. There's gotta be a reason.
Joey : No, no, no, it.. it's too hard. It's not worth it. I quit.
Joey : When I was little, I wanted to be a veteranarian, but then I found out you had to put your hands into cows and stuff. [Ross enters, depressed.]
Joey : No, I'm alright man. Really. Fun
Joey : Hey no, seriously, I don't need you to pick me... [Fun Bobby picks Joey up off the ground, bounces him. Joey laughs.] Alright! It still works. Fun
Joey : I just had a glass.
Joey : [realizing what everyone else did a minute ago] Ooooooh.
Joey : Monica, have you ever been with him when he wasn't drinking?
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Yeah, my agent just called me with an audition for Days of Our Lives!
Joey : With a man?
Joey : What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?
Joey : Well, I think it went pretty well. I.. I got a callback for Thursday.
Joey : No.
Joey : OK, uh.... listen, there's something I want to talk to you about. The network casting lady...
Joey : Oh yeah, yeah, she's great, but... I kinda got the feeling that she was sort of... coming on to me. And I definitely would get the part if I would've... you know... if I would have sent the Little General in.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Well, the part's mine if I want it.
Joey : Yeah, if I'm willing to sleep with the casting lady.
Joey : Ten years I've been waiting for a break like this Chandler, ten years! I mean, Days of Our Lives. That's actually on television.
Joey : Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?
Joey : I've never slept with someone for a part.
Joey : Sorry.
Joey : Yeah, she's totally good looking. I mean, if I met her in a bar, or something, I'd be buying her breakfast. [pause] You know, after having slept with her.
Joey : I just... I just don't think that I want it that way though, y'know? I mean, let's say I do make it, alright? I'm always gonna look back and wonder if it was because of my talent or because of.. y'know, the Little General.
Joey : Yeah, but after Denise DeMarco, I had to promote it.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : It was unbelievable! I walked in there and she was all over me.
Joey : Well, I couldn't do it. I told her I didn't want to get the part that way.
Joey : But wait, wait, wait. Then, after I left her office, she caught up with me at the elevator and offered me an even bigger part.
Joey : Soooooo... you are now looking at Dr. Drake Ramore, neurosurgeon, recurring in at least four episodes!
Joey : Alright... I've got to go shower. [leaves] [Phoebe, Ross, Rachel, Chandler exchange money again.] Credits
Joey : It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
Joey : Yes!
Joey : Are you really not going?
Joey : Hey, if she were marrying a guy, she'd be like the worst lesbian ever.
Joey : No, I'm on right after this guy shoots himself.
Joey : Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Joey : It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this.
Joey : There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon. Mrs.
Joey : I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..subcranial hematoma. Perhaps we can discuss this over coffee.
Joey : All right, all right. "Damnit Braverman, it's right there on the chart!"
Joey : I can't believe you're so uptight about your mom comin'.
Joey : Uh, Pheebs, how long do you think this lady'll be with us?
Joey : Pheebs, who's Evelyn Dermer?
Joey : They didn't fight a lot?
Joey : Hey, look who's up.
Joey : I'm sorry, it's the pigs. they're reluctant to get in the blankets!
Joey : It just seems so futile, you know ? All these women, and nothing. I feel like Superman without my powers, you know? I have the cape, and yet I cannot fly.
Joey : [to a wedding guest] How's that pig-in-the-blanket workin' out for you? [the guy nods] I wrapped those bad boys.
Joey : I got one. Which one of us do you think will be the last to get married? [They all look at Chandler]
Joey : Yeah, but then the guy opens his beer and those girls run at him, so, everything seems to work out OK.
Joey : Hey, hey, check it out, guess what I got.
Joey : No, my first fan mail.
Joey : Oh my god, I got my very own stalker. [Ross enters with a suitcase]
Joey : Hey, whaddya wanna do for dinner?
Joey : Ah, the stalker.
Joey : Let's get out of here. [They run out and knock on Monica and Rachel's door]
Joey : OK, we'll just leave, and when we pass her on the stairs, she won't know it's me 'cause we've never met.
Joey : She's comin'. [Both run back in their apartment. There's a knock at the door.]
Joey : Uhh, this is it, this is how we're gonna die. Ready?
Joey : Erica.
Joey : Yeah it is. . . what?
Joey : Yeah, that was a tricky one. In reality, that operation takes like, over 10 hours, but they only showed it for 2 minites.
Joey : No one.
Joey : Good, otherwise my watch would fall off. [laughs hysterically]
Joey : Alright, just one. [she licks his hands rather emphatically] Wow, you're good at that. [Some guy at another table starts choking]
Joey : Uhh, cause, uhh, I'm a neurosurgeon and that was clearly a case of, uh, uh, foodal chokage. Alright, look, I got to tell you something.
Joey : But that's what...
Joey : Hey I- [she cuts him off with a kiss]
Joey : That's it, just hey. Like at the end of a dance, HEY! [she starts nibbling his hand] Hey. He-hey.
Joey : Oh my God, quick turn off the TV.
Joey : Uh, I get Leslie out of the coma and then we make out.
Joey : Hey Erica, c'mon in.
Joey : Right, they uh, they choppered me in. What's up?
Joey : Who?
Joey : It's not what you think, that was...
Joey : Alright look, that's it. I don't think we should see each other anymore, alright. Look, I know I should have told you this a long time ago but I am not Drake Remore, OK. I'm not even a doctor, I'm an actor. I just pretend to be a doctor.
Joey : Somebody wanna help me out here?
Joey : 'Cause it's a television show.
Joey : I'm not Drake.
Joey : Yes, I'm afraid it is. You deserve much better than me Erica. You deserve to be with the real Drake, he's the one you fell in love with. Go to Salem, find him, he's the guy for you.
Joey : Right. Goodbye Erica, good luck in Salem. Take care
Joey : OK, alright, the people who threw the water.
Joey : This is amazing.
Joey : I finally get a part on TV and the monkey's makin' movies.
Joey : Closed set. We know but we're friends with the monkey. [guard lets them in]
Joey : Woah, dude, burn.
Joey : Uh, excuse me. Jerry is the director, which one's he? Director's
Joey : Gotcha. Phoebs, walk with me.
Joey : Well, we're, we're just goin' over here so that we can get away from the horrible flesh eating virus, for the love of God woman, listen to me. Is he lookin', is he lookin'?
Joey : Oh man, she's so smokin, she has got the greatest set of. . . no guys around, huh.
Joey : You're blowin' me off for a monkey?
Joey : Yeah, unless you hook up with a bunch of pigeons. [Chandler enters]
Joey : Oooh.
Joey : Yaaahhh. Ahhh, candles. What'dya thinks gonna happen here tonight? [phone rings]
Joey : Forget about it.
Joey : So, assistant to the director. That's a really exciting job, I mean, you must have a ton of cool responsibilities. Director's
Joey : So what're you guys gonna eat?
Joey : Ma?
Joey : Chandler? What're you still doin' here, I though you guys took off.
Joey : Are you naked in there?
Joey : Huh, you uh, you always wear panties?
Joey : Wow, talk about your bad luck, I mean, the first time you try panties and someone walks off with your clothes.
Joey : Well, let me see.
Joey : Alright, alright. [climbs up in the next stall and looks over at Chandler] Woah, someone's flossing. [Ross enters, sees Joey in the mirror]
Joey : Chandler's wearing panties.
Joey : Can't help you, I'm not wearing any.
Joey : Oh, I'm gettin' heat from the guy in the hot pink thong.
Joey : Hey, hey, and I'm in the movie.
Joey : One of the virus victims called in sick, so Cathy recommended me and boom, I'm dying on the gurney. Oh Ross, Marcel just finished his last scene if you want to go down there and say goodbye.
Joey : Aaaaagggghhhhh.
Joey : Aaaaagggghhhhh.
Joey : Aaaaagggghhhhh. Mommy
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Nice, nice. Hey I got somethin' for you. [hands Chandler an envelope.]
Joey : Eight hundred and twelve bucks.
Joey : Well, I'm makin money now and this is payin' you back for head shots, electric bills, and so many slices of pizza I can't even count. I love ya man.
Joey : Hey, this is a little extra somethin' for uh, ya know, always bein' there for me. [hands Chandler a jewelry box]
Joey : Heh, what d'ya say?
Joey : Isn't it? And it's engraved too, check it out.
Joey : Put it on.
Joey : Oh, no no, that's the beauty part, it goes with everything. [gets the bracelet from the drawer] You put this on, you're good to go. [puts the bracelet on Chandler] Ohhh man, you are so wearin' that bracelet.
Joey : You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?
Joey : If you hated the bracelet so much, Chandler, you should have just said so.
Joey : Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
Joey : You know what the. . . [sees Chandler on his knees, holding the couch cushions]
Joey : Hey.
Joey : How come you have two?
Joey : Get out.
Joey : Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.
Joey : [pulls out a VCR tape] Hey Monica, what's on this video tape?
Joey : What is with your nose?
Joey : Some girl ate Monica.
Joey : Lookin' good Mr. Kotter.
Joey : Alright, no peeking. No peeking, no peeking, no peeking.
Joey : Alright open your eyes. [opens his eyes to see two black leather recliners and a big screen TV]
Joey : Huh? Days of our Lives picked up my option.
Joey : I know.
Joey : Uh-huh.
Joey : Whichever one you want, man. Whichever one you want. [Chandler starts to sit in one of the chairs] Not that one.
Joey : [sits down] Ohh yeah, that's the stuff.
Joey : We dare.
Joey : Woah, hey, yo. [Rachel and Ross move]
Joey : Hey, yo. [they move from out of in front of the TV]
Joey : What if we have to pee?
Joey : Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.
Joey : Hi. Chandler and
Joey : Hey.
Joey : What're you doin' here? Aren't you supposed to be out with Rachel?
Joey : She laughed at you?
Joey : It certainly is a miracle. [Rachel enters]
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Hey, woah, hey, woah.
Joey : No, inside good, outside bad.
Joey : [uses a dentist mirror to see] Naa, she's lyin'. [Monica enters carrying food that's been delivered]
Joey : Is that the fire alarm?
Joey : Man this is weird. You ever realize Captain Crunch's eyebrows are actually on his hat?
Joey : What?
Joey : Yeah, so.
Joey : Well, that was only 'cause I used the red one to unclog the drain.
Joey : Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?
Joey : Alright, well next time you take a shower, think about the last thing I wash and the first thing you wash. OPENING TITLES
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.
Joey : Wow, this is wild. What're you gonna get?
Joey : So where you gettin' it?
Joey : Oh, is today the day you're gonna tell them about you two?
Joey : Can you believe this place?
Joey : Ah, I was just in the bathroom, and there's mirrors on both sides of you. So when you're in there it's like you're peein' with the Rockettes.
Joey : Hey! We were just sayin', great apartment man. Joey's
Joey : Huh? Joey's
Joey : Yeah, can you see me in a place like this? Joey's
Joey : Can we drop this? I am not interested in the guy's apartment.
Joey : Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.
Joey : Alright, you want the truth? I'm thinkin' about it.
Joey : I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
Joey : What're you gettin' so bent out of shape for, huh? It's not like we agreed to live together forever. We're not Bert and Ernie.
Joey : Well that's how I feel.
Joey : Well then maybe I will.
Joey : Great. Then you'll be able to spend more quality time with your real friends, the spoons.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Hey listen, I'm sorry about what happened. . .
Joey : I know. Yeah.
Joey : No, we're alright.
Joey : Plastic spoons. Great.
Joey : These'll go great in my new place. You know, 'till I get real ones.
Joey : Well, I can't use these forever. I mean, let's face it, they're no friend to the environment.
Joey : I'm movin' out like we talked about.
Joey : Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.
Joey : Hey, are you cool with this. I mean, I don't want to leave you high and dry.
Joey : Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?
Joey : Yeah. And uh, I paid for the other half.
Joey : Alright, you're on. I can take two minutes out of my day to kick your ass.
Joey : Woah, woah, woah, woah. Which sister?
Joey : Get out of the corner. Pass it, pass it.
Joey : Yes! And the table is mine.
Joey : Hey, you guys are still gonna come visit me, right?
Joey : Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
Joey : Naa, you keep it, you need the practice.
Joey : So, I guess this is it.
Joey : Listen, uh, I don't know when I'm gonna see you again.
Joey : Right, yeah. OK. Um, take care.
Joey : Huh? So whaddya think? Casa de Joey. Huh? I decorated it myself.
Joey : Art.
Joey : Thanks, yeah. I love this but ya know what, it makes me wanna pee.
Joey : Hey, how come, uhh, Chandler didn't come?
Joey : Right, I go-, I got it.
Joey : Yeah. Uh, oh, OH, the best part, c'mon. [leads them to the bathroom, gestures towards toilet, everyone stares, uncomprehending] Heh?
Joey : No no no, behind it.
Joey : That's right, I have a phone in here.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Hello.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh, that's OK. You uh, you had a thing.
Joey : Ahh, forget about it, I'm havin' a ball. How's the apartment doin'
Joey : Oh, well great.
Joey : Well OK then. [oven timer goes off behind Chandler] Was that the oven timer?
Joey : Oh, can you believe they gave Stephanie skin cancer?
Joey : Naa, you're just sayin' that 'cause you're in love with Yasmine Blepe.
Joey : Hey, hey, they're runnin'
Joey : I did. I thought it'd be great. I figured I'd have like, time alone with my thoughts but, ya know, it turns out I don't have as many thoughts as you'd think.
Joey : You really think he'd take me? I mean, we had a pretty good talk last night but, when I moved out, I hurt him bad.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : You know it's funny you should mention that 'cause I was thinkin'... what's with the boxes?
Joey : Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. [grabs moose hat] It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?
Joey : Wow.
Joey : Oh, now it's a spare room?
Joey : Well I uh, got what I came for. [puts on moose hat] I'll uh, I'll see you guys.
Joey : Yeah, yeah he is. [leaves]
Joey : Eddie.
Joey : Morning. I just uh, came by to pick up my mail. [looks for the mail on the table by the door, it's not there] Where's the mail?
Joey : You don't keep it over here on this table any more?
Joey : Huh.
Joey : No I just uh, thought you liked your eggs with the bread with the hole in the middle, a-la me.
Joey : So how you two gettin' along?
Joey : Great, well, I'm happy for ya. [picks up the orange juice carton and it's empty] Alright that's it. He just comes in here, Mr. Jonny Neweggs, with his, his, his movin' the mail and his, his 'see ya pals'. And now there's no juice. There's no juice for the people who need the juice and want the juice. I need the juice.
Joey : Hey, this isn't about juice anymore, alright man.
Joey : Eggs. Who's eggs do you like better, his or mine, huh?
Joey : Oh come on. Nobody likes two different kinds of eggs equally. You like one better than the other and I wanna know which.
Joey : [sings] It may not be a bed of roses.
Joey : Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
Joey : Phoebs, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out.
Joey : Page 42, page 42, page 42.
Joey : Ooh, I look good.
Joey : Uh, well, kinda yeah. Like, remember last week when Alex was in the accident? Well the line in the script was, 'If we don't get this woman to a hospital, she's going to die.' But I made it, ' If this woman doesn't get to a hospital, she's not gonna live.'
Joey : Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
Joey : I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft? Delivery
Joey : They can't kill me, I'm Francesca's long lost son. Delivery
Joey : No. No way, I'm not signing that. Delivery
Joey : How can they do this to me? Delivery
Joey : I don't feel like talkin.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : I don't know, I was kinda hopin' no one would ever find out.
Joey : Naa, they said that when they found my body, my brain was so smashed in that the only doctor that could have saved me was me. Supposed to be some kind of irony or somethin.
Joey : Phoebe, this was the greatest thing that ever happened to me.
Joey : No, I don't. It's like, ya know, you work your whole life for somethin' and you think that when you get it it's never gonna be as good as you thought it would be. But this so was. Ya know, it changed everything. Like the other day, I got this credit card application, and I was pre- approved. Huh? I've never been pre-approved for anything in my life.
Joey : No, that means nothin to me.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?
Joey : Fine, make fun. I think it's jaunty.
Joey : Hey, I'll be alright. I mean it's not like I'm starting from sqare one. I was Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives. Heh? I mean that's gotta have some kind of cache.
Joey : Chandler gave me word of the day toilet paper. I'm gonna get some coffee. [Phoebe enters]
Joey : Anybody want a croan.
Joey : So, you're not mad at me for getting fired and everything?
Joey : No, can we get back to me?
Joey : Alright. Cab driver number two?
Joey : But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?
Joey : But this is a two line part, it's like takin' a step backwards. I'm not gonna do this.
Joey : I'm sorry. See ya.
Joey : What is it?
Joey : See, this is why I don't date women who read. Uh-oh.
Joey : It's my VISA bill. Envelope one of two. That can't be good.
Joey : Oh my God.
Joey : Look at this, how did I spend so much money?
Joey : Ahh.
Joey : My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Joey : What?
Joey : That's a two line part.
Joey : So what.
Joey : Hey, look, I don't need you getting all judgemental and condescending and pedantic.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Well knock it off, you're supposed to be my friend.
Joey : Well then tell me things like, 'Joey you'll be fine,' and, 'Hang in there,' and, and, 'Somethin' big's fonna come along, I know it.'
Joey : Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.
Joey : Look, I don't wanna hear this right now.
Joey : Well don't just say.
Joey : Ok.
Joey : I don't need to think about it. I was Dr. Drake Remoray. That was huge. Big things are gonna happen, you'll see. Ross, you still there?
Joey : Hey Gunther, let me get a lemonade to go.
Joey : Ah, it's career stuff. I don't know if you heard but they killed off my character on the show.
Joey : I fell down an elevator shaft.
Joey : What?
Joey : All the way to the airport huh? You know that's over 30 miles, that's gonna cost you about so bucks. Casting
Joey : What? Casting
Joey : Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything. Casting
Joey : And, and just so you know, if you wanted to expand this scene like, like have the cab crash or somethin', I could attend to the victims 'cause I have a background in medical acting. Casting
Joey : No no, uh, don't thank me for comin' in. Uh, at least let me finish. Uh, we could take the expressway but uh, this time of day you're better off taking the budge. You were goin' for the word bridge there weren't ya. I'll have a good day. [gets up and leaves]
Joey : Oh hey uh, be careful with that 3-D last supper, Judas is a little loose.
Joey : They're takin all my stuff back. I guess you were right.
Joey : Thanks Ross.
Joey : I went.
Joey : I didn't get it.
Joey : What?
Joey : Huh?
Joey : [movers removing a glass parrot] Oh, not my parrot.
Joey : I can't watch this.
Joey : Uhhh, I was an impulse buyer, near the register.
Joey : Thanks Ross. I really like that bird though...I'll take the dog though.
Joey : Hello.
Joey : I know I would.
Joey : Hey no problem.
Joey : Na, na I'm ok. Oh and uh, just so you know, I'm not movin' back in 'cause I have to. Well, I mean, I do have to. It's just that that place wasn't really, I mean, this is...
Joey : A little foos?
Joey : What happened to the foosball?
Joey : He paid a lot of money for it.
Joey : Well, I had a whole ceramic zoo thing goin' over there but now, without the other ones, it just looks tacky.
Joey : I'm telling you, that girl totally winked at me. The
Joey : Morning. Hey, you made pancakes?
Joey : [grumbling] Good morning.
Joey : [angrily] Kiss her. Kiss her. [Janice and Chandler kiss.]
Joey : Bye-bye, Janice. [Janice leaves] So, when are you dumping her?
Joey : Come on, quit yanking me.
Joey : This is Janice.
Joey : Okay. Alright. You look me in the eye and tell me, without blinking, that you're not breaking up with her. No blinking.
Joey : [barges in] They're not breaking up. Chandler and Janice. They're not breaking up. He didn't blink or anything.
Joey : Cute. This is Janice. You remember Janice?
Joey : There you go. That's the spirit I'm looking for. What can we do? Alright, who's first? Ross?
Joey : We'll call that plan B. Alright.
Joey : Wheel
Joey : Fortune. This guy is so stupid. It's Count Rushmore!
Joey : I say I am there. Cool. Oh. Is Ross going too?
Joey : [in a whiny voice] Janice... [looking up at Chandler and noticing the expression] ...cause I just, feel bad for Ross. You know, we always go together. We're like the three hockey-teers.
Joey : No...yes. God, how do I say this? Oh. You know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair?
Joey : Look, I don't hate Janice. She's just a lot to take. You know?
Joey : Hey, come on, man. Don't look at me like that. She used to drive you nuts before too. Remember?
Joey : Look. What do you want me to say?
Joey : I can't. It's like this chemical thing. You know? Everytime she starts laughing, I just want to pull my arm off, just so I have something to throw at her.
Joey : Yeah, then who's the guy that painted the faces on the mountain?
Joey : I never said hate. I was very careful about that.
Joey : And you got hate from that? You're taking a big leap there.
Joey : But, what does that...?
Joey : Okay. I'm in.
Joey : [dragging Joey toward the door]Does it have to be a whole day?
Joey : [mumbling under breath] Yeah, I know. I sleep in the next room.
Joey : Yeah. We went to a Mets game, we got Chinese food, and you know, I love this woman. [Joey laughs and Janice laughs happily] You have got competition, buddy.
Joey : Sorry, man, I tried. I really did.
Joey : But, hey, you know the good thing is, that we spent the whole day together, and I survived. And what's even more amazing, so did she. It was Bat Day at Shea Stadium.
Joey : Oh, man, that's huge. Now I know I can stand to be around her. Which means, I get to hang out with you. Which is kinda the whole point anyway.
Joey : Oh. Hey Chandler, we stopped by the coffee shop and ran into Ross.
Joey : If it makes you feel any better, I do it too.
Joey : Oh, yeah. I always picture your mom when I'm having sex.
Joey : Alright, I got water, orange juice, and what looks like cider...
Joey : [takes a drink] Yep. It's fat! I drank fat!
Joey : We have a half-hour.
Joey : Relax, Ross. We'll be ready. It only takes us two minutes to get dressed.
Joey : Okay. [they both remain sitting] [Rachel comes from the bathroom, out into the living room area, in her robe.]
Joey : [offering the glass of fat] Hey, Ross...want some cider?
Joey : [to Ross] Glass of fat? OPENING CREDITS
Joey : What's the matter, Ross? What, are you nervous about your speech?
Joey : Am I in it?
Joey : Whoa.
Joey : What?
Joey : How is this your seat?
Joey : But then you left.
Joey : What's the big deal? Sit somewhere else.
Joey : Actually, the last place you were sitting was in there. [points to the bathroom]
Joey : Alright, you can have the chair.
Joey : Would you look at that? [laughs] Look at that! [pulls his hand out from behind his back where his fingers are cRossed] [Monica checks the messages on the answering machine. One beep.] Phoebe (on
Joey : Sorry Phoebe. Sorry Phoebe. Sorry Phoebe.
Joey : Fine with me. [Chandler sits down on top of Joey.]
Joey : Me too. In fact, I think I might be a little too comfortable.
Joey : Monica, how are you gonna do that?
Joey : Wow, what a cool job. [mimicking the answering machine voice] You have two new messages...Please pass the pie. [Phone beeps.] Monica (on
Joey : Hey, you can't say you're breezy. That totally negates the breezy. [Machine beeps and begins second message.] Woman's
Joey : Now she sounded breezy.
Joey : Okay. [Joey gets up, takes the back and seat cushions from the chair, stuffs them under his arm and heads for the door.]
Joey : Well, you said I had to give you the chair. You didn't say anything the cushions.
Joey : That's right. I'm taking the essence. [barges out]
Joey : [barging in, heads toward Chandler] Where's my underwear?
Joey : Cause I'm not wearing any underwear now.
Joey : It's a rented tux. I'm not gonna go commando in another man's fatigues.
Joey : Okay. You hide my clothes. I'm gonna do the exact opposite to you.
Joey : Hey, opposite...is opposite. [barges out]
Joey : Okay, buddy-boy, here it is. You hide my clothes...I'm wearing everything you own.
Joey : Look at me, I'm Chandler... [mimicking Chandler] Could I be wearing anymore clothes? [back to regular voice] Maybe if I wasn't going commando.
Joey : You know, it's hot with all this stuff on. I better not do any lunges. [begin lunging forward and back alternating legs]
Joey : Yeah, Ross. Way to ruin it. I was just going to go get dressed.
Joey : You could drink the fat.
Joey : Yay.
Joey : Let's see what else he'll do.
Joey : Question. Was ah, 'Egg the Gellers!' the war cry of your neighbourhood? (A commercial for the Mattress King, Janice's ex-husband, comes on TV.)
Joey : Booo!!
Joey : (entering) Hey, you guys!
Joey : Guess what?
Joey : I got a gig!
Joey : Well, it's not a part, no. I'm teaching acting for soap operas down at the Learning Extension.
Joey : Yeah, yeah. It's like my chance to give something back to the acting community.
Joey : (glares at him) I know! [Mattress King, Monica and Phoebe are shopping for a new mattress.]
Joey : Good evening. I'm Mr. Tribbiani. And I will be teaching acting for soap operas. Now um, on my first day as (proudly) Dr. Drake Remoray on Days of Our Lives, (looks for a reaction from his students, and gets none.) I learned that one of the most important things in soap opera acting is reacting, this does not mean acting again, it means, you don't have a line, but someone else just did. And it goes like this. (looks all intense for a moment and then gasps, the students cheer him) Thanks, thanks, a lot. Oh, by the way, before I forget to work in soap operas some of you will have to become much more attractive. All right, moving right along. [Monica and Rachel's, Joey is entering, Phoebe is already there waiting for the delievery guy.]
Joey : Hi!
Joey : Oh it was great. Yeah, you get to say stuff like, 'Hey, the bell doesn't dismiss you, I dismiss you.'
Joey : Oh, and guess what, I got an audition for All My Children.
Joey : Yeah, it's this great part, this boxer named Nick. And I'm so, so right for it, y'know, he's just like me. Except he's a boxer, and has an evil twin. (There is a knock on the door.)
Joey : Hey, Monica bought a bed from the Mattress King?
Joey : You want me to lie to Chandler?
Joey : No.
Joey : Hey, you're ah, pretty good at this.
Joey : Ahh! (Joey throws a punch and just lightly taps her on the shoulder, Phoebe counters with a jab to the nose.)
Joey : Hey now! (Phoebe throws another jab, and lands it on Joey's nose, causing it to bleed.)
Joey : Hey!!! Oww!! And I'm bleeding.
Joey : Okay, great.
Joey : Okay.
Joey : All right. I can't see.
Joey : Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' (Does it by raising one eyebrow, and showing off the pretend fishhook.) Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. (looks all confused) And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Joey : Hey-hey.
Joey : Awww, one of my students got an audition. I'm so proud.
Joey : You bet! What's the part?
Joey : Wow! That was good. That was...(points to his pocket) Tweezers?
Joey : Whoa. That was really good.
Joey : Well, I-I might've said supergay.
Joey : Because, Monica, the guy's so good, and I really, really want this part.
Joey : (sadly) There will come a time in each of your careers when you'll have a chance to screw over another soap opera actor. I had such an opportunity in the recent, present. And I'm ashamed to say that I took it, I advised a fellow actor to play a role, homosexually. Yeah, we both auditioned for the part, and uh, as it turned out, they ah, they liked the stupid gay thing and cast him. And now, he's got a two year contract opposite Susan Luchhi, the first lady of daytime television, and me, me I'm stuck here teaching a bunch of people, most of whom are too ugly to even be on TV. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. (he gets a huge round of applause from his students.) Thank you. [Mattress King, Monica is trying to return her bed.]
Joey : All right, Jester man, look we wanna see the king.
Joey : Oh-ho-kay, I'm talking to the king. (starts to go to a back room)
Joey : (Voice Over) Previously on Friends. [A montage of scenes from The One Where Ross and Rachel Take A Break follows.] [Monica and Rachel's, Ross is eating the picnic as Rachel comes home from work.]
Joey : Yeah. We figured when we couldn't find you, you'd gone home to make up with Rachel. Which is probably what you shoulda done. Huh?
Joey : Look, Ross look, I'm on board about this totally honesty thing, I am, just not about stuff that's gonna get you in trouble.
Joey : Yeah, and there won't be a relationship left to rebuild.
Joey : All right, okay, now, we just have to make sure she doesn't find out some other way. (spins the chair around so that Ross is facing him) Did you think about the trail?
Joey : (stomps on the footrest which pops Ross up into a sitting position) The trail from the woman you did it with to the woman you hope never finds out who did it! (slapping his hands with each word) You always have to think about the trail!
Joey : Yeah, I-I think that women just have a lower threshold of pain than men, that's all. I mean, come on, it's just a little wax.
Joey : Okay, fine, so now what, I just pull it off?
Joey : Don't answer that. [Cut to Living Room]
Joey : Awful! Horrible!
Joey : She was nothing compared to you. [Cut to Living Room]
Joey : Ewwwww!
Joey : Y'know what, I don't think we should listen to this anymore. (Goes to open the door)
Joey : Why not?! (to Chandler) I'm hungry.
Joey : Yeah, we'll be fine. [Cut to Living Room]
Joey : Oh man, pizza? I like pizza. (makes like he is trying to send a telepathic message to Rachel) Put olives on the pizza.
Joey : You think I need a new walk?
Joey : Well y'know, I've been walking the same way since high school. Y'know, y'know how some guys they walk into a room and everybody takes notice. I think I need a 'take notice' walk.
Joey : Whoa-ho-ho! (He looks at Chandler, who gives him a 'come on' look.) Yeah, okay.
Joey : Maybe she killed him?
Joey : (lying on a beach towel, recapping what happened in the last episode) Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, and I don?t really know what happened with that. [cut to Phoebe Sr.?s house, from the last episode] Phoebe
Joey : (voice-over) Oh, and then Monica joked that she wouldn?t go out with a guy like Chandler...
Joey : (voice-over) ...and he couldn?t let it go, and... I don?t really know what happened with that either. [cut to a montage of scenes involving Bonnie, Ross, and Rachel from the last episode.]
Joey : (voice-over) Oh-oh! And then Ross?s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss, and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don?t know what happened there either... [cut back to Joey on the beach towel]
Joey : Y'know what, hold on, let me go get Chandler. (gets up and leaves.)
Joey : Whoa, wait, Pheebs, wait a second! Don?t you wanna stay here and talk about it?
Joey : (jumping up in a hole that he is digging, he is shoulder deep) Hey, you guys! Take a look at this! (Chandler and Monica jump up and go over to the hole.) Check this baby out, dug me a hole!
Joey : Oh no! No!! My hole!!
Joey : (climbing out of the hole) What?! What?!! What is it?!
Joey : Yeah, and I?m a little tired from digging the hole.
Joey : Well, there?s really only one thing you can do.
Joey : You?re gonna have to pee on it.
Joey : Don?t blame me, I saw it on The Discovery Channel.
Joey : If you want some privacy you can use my hole.
Joey : Me too.
Joey : No?
Joey : Sure, it?s hard to forget! But that doesn?t mean you have to talk about it! A lot of things happened on that trip that we should never, (to Chandler) ever talk about.
Joey : It?s between us and the sea, Ross! (Ross laughs and has a ?Come on...? look on his face as he looks and Chandler who nods his head in agreement with Joey. Ross is stunned.)
Joey : Nope. (Phoebe enters.)
Joey : NO!!!
Joey : All right. (gets up)
Joey : Well, we have to say something! We have to get it out! It?s eating me alive!! Monica got stung by a jellyfish.
Joey : And I was tired from digging the huge hole!
Joey : I?d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
Joey : That?s right I stepped up! She?s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I?d pee on anyone of you! Only, uhh, I couldn?t. I got the stage fright. I wanted to help, but there was too much pressure. So-so I uh, I turned to Chandler.
Joey : (laughs) That?s ?cause sometimes I just do it through my wall to freak you out.
Joey : How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
Joey : Look, we?re not throwing it out! I built this thing with my own hands!
Joey : All right. But, you?re gonna have to tell them. (He opens the cabinet to reveal the chick and the duck living inside with Christmas lights and a disco ball as decorations.)
Joey : Looks good, uh?
Joey : Hey, the ad alone cost 300 bucks!
Joey : What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.
Joey : Oh. What do you do?
Joey : What? What?s wrong?
Joey : (to Chandler) Dude, Phoebe?s mom has got a huge peni...
Joey : Well, there were a couple of calls last night, but ah, I don?t think any of them are gonna work out.
Joey : Pretty nice?
Joey : (to Peter) Good for you!!
Joey : (looking at the flyer) Yeah-eah! 200 dollar reward, split five ways!!
Joey : Uh, Pheebs, about your mom...
Joey : (pause) How?s that going?
Joey : That?s so sweet. (pause) I?m gonna get some coffee. (gets up and leaves)
Joey : This is the unit for you my friend. Sturdy construction, tons of storage compartments, some big enough to fit a grown man.
Joey : Oh yeah! I got in there myself once. My roommate bet me five bucks that I couldn?t, and then he stuck a board through the handles that locked me in. Yeah. It was funny ?til I started feeling like I was in a coffin.
Joey : Oh yeah? (opens up the center and takes out the stereo) If I can?t, I?ll knock five bucks off the price off the unit.
Joey : Okay. (he gets in the unit and closes the door) See?! I told ya! (The guys takes a hockey stick and slips it through the handles then proceeds to take the stereo and Chandler?s computer and walk out.)
Joey : Sometimes I get in here just to get away from it! Hey, a nickel!!
Joey : (still trapped in the entertainment center) WHAT?!!
Joey : Yeah...
Joey : (getting out) Awww, man! He promised he wouldn?t take the chairs!!
Joey : Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn?t think big enough to fit a grown man!
Joey : I was tryin? to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I?m gonna do?
Joey : (looking through a deck of cards) Aww, man, he took the five of spades!! Oh, no-no-no, here it is!
Joey : Dude, you don?t have to brag! We got nothing here!! CLOSING CREDITS
Joey : Hey!! We are so in luck! Treeger said that we could have all this cool stuff from the basement. Wait right there. (Goes back into the hall)
Joey : (Returning carrying a couple of rusted lawn chairs) Huh?!
Joey : Uh-huh. This and a bunch of bubble wrap. And, some of it is not even popped! (They both sit down at the table and the chick and the duck enter from Joey?s bedroom.)
Joey : Just pickle.
Joey : Yeah-eh-eah! (Rachel glares at him) Oh-oh, sorry, I-I knew what he meant.
Joey : Uhhhh. (He?s not sure) The
Joey : No! No. But ah, try the classifieds, people sell everything in there. The
Joey : Yeah-well-yeah! Yeah-oh-yeah. Come on in.
Joey : He cut off his ear. The
Joey : I?m out. The
Joey : Wow! That?s pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear ?cause he sucked. What else you got in there? The
Joey : In the woods. No wait-wait, that?s the joke answer. The
Joey : Spock?s birth control. The
Joey : Wow! There?s a lot I didn?t know about vomit. (The duck comes to the door of the bathroom, quacking.) (To the duck) In a minute. (The duck goes back into the bathroom.) The
Joey : Twelve hundred dollars? You think I have $1200? I?m home in the middle of the day, and I got patio furniture in my living room. I guess there?s a few things you don?t get from book learnin?. The
Joey : How about zero down and zero a month for a long, long time? The
Joey : You wanna see what I got? (He gets up to empty out his pockets) Okay? I?ve got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey! The
Joey : And a 50. (The salesman stops suddenly) Huh, these must be Chandler?s pants. The
Joey : Oh, I-I think I?m gonna stick with the V, I wanna see how this bad boy turns out.
Joey : Wh-what?s going on?
Joey : No he doesn?t!
Joey : Well, it?s good thing you got out when you did, before she blew up like that Vesuvius.
Joey : Yeah. And speaking of volcanoes, man are they a violent igneous rock formation.
Joey : Oh yeah, lava spewing, hot ash, of course some are dormant.
Joey : Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
Joey : Whoa-whoa, Treeger made you cry?
Joey : I?m gonna go down there and teach that guy a lesson.
Joey : All right that?s it, school is in session! (Exits and slams the door.)
Joey : Hey! You hold on pal! Now you made my friend, Rachel, cry. So now, you?re gonna go up there and apologize to her, unless you want me to call the landlord. Mr.
Joey : Have you heard about a little something called, Not Making Girls Cry. Mr.
Joey : I have actually not heard of that. Mr.
Joey : Why don?t you tell me something I don?t know! (He storms out, and once Treeger closes the door behind him, Joey makes an ?Oops!? have.)
Joey : Well uh, I went down there and told him that no one treats my friends like that and that he?d better come up here and apologize. I?ll see you later. (Starts to leave)
Joey : He said that he wasn?t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he?s gonna do is have you evicted?I?ll see you later.
Joey : Well he made Rachel cry!
Joey : All right! I?ll try! But if I can?t, you can stay with Chandler and I until you get settled.
Joey : All right, all right, all right. (Starts to leave, stops, and turns around) I mean I?ll have to check with him first, but I?ll think he?ll be cool with it. (Monica shoos him out.)
Joey : Please don?t kick Monica and Rachel out, this wasn?t there fault, it was mine. Mr.
Joey : No you can?t do that, where would the chick and the duck live? Mr.
Joey : Noo-no-no, no, those are nicknames. I?m the chick and Chandler is the duck. Mr.
Joey : Come on man, just-just let the girls stay, I?ll do whatever you want. Mr.
Joey : Yeah-yeah, absolutely. Mr.
Joey : What, what is it? Mr.
Joey : That?s not, prison lingo, is it? COMMERCIAL BREAK
Joey : Yeah, there?s this superintendent?s dance, the Super Ball. I don?t know, and he wants to impress Marge, this lady super that he?s a crush on.
Joey : Well, he?s too shy, he doesn?t thing he?s good enough to dance with girls yet.
Joey : Aww, man, now we won?t be bank buddies!
Joey : Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Like-like when I?m doing something exciting and I don?t wanna get too excited, I just ahh, y?know try to thing of other things like ah sandwiches, and ah baseball, and ah Chandler!
Joey : No-no, thank you.
Joey : All right, I?m here, let?s ahh, get this over with. Mr.
Joey : Whoa-whoa, don?t we need to do some kinda preparation first? Like ahh, get really drunk? Mr.
Joey : No, it?s okay, but if I?m Marge, my breasts are coming out my back. Mr.
Joey : Come on man, you?re not a potato. Mr.
Joey : Come on Treeger, don?t say that. You just ahh, you just need more practice. Here, come on, let?s ahh, let?s try it again. Come on. (they start dancing again) Plus, it was, it was probably mostly my fault, anyway. I mean, y?know, I?m not really that comfortable dancing with a?(Treeger throws him) We-he!! Hey! Mr.
Joey : Ah-ha-ha, you guys owe me big time. (He walks into the kitchen and does a little dance step on the way.)
Joey : What?
Joey : No I didn?t.
Joey : No, I?m not! And it wasn?t a hop it was a pademarie.
Joey : All right, well maybe I?m enjoying it a little bit. I mean I?m getting pretty good at it.
Joey : Hey-hey, hold on, this isn?t some kind of like girly dance. All right, it?s like a sport, it?s manly!
Joey : All right. (They both get up and Monica expects Joey to take the lead, but he doesn?t, and they fumble around for a little bit.)
Joey : I don?t know how to lead.
Joey : What?!
Joey : (To Mr. Treeger) So you ah, ready for our last practice? Mr.
Joey : Look, you wanna use our place? Mr.
Joey : We did it!! Mr.
Joey : I know, it was amazing! I mean, we totally nailed it, it was beautiful. Mr.
Joey : Oh well, okay, good luck. Mr.
Joey : Unless you wanna practice the Foxtrot again? Or-or the Tango? Mr.
Joey : Okay. Mr.
Joey : Go get ?em Treeger. Mr.
Joey : (intrigued) Really? Mr.
Joey : No, I?m good. (Treeger leaves, and Joey?s dances off.) CLOSING CREDITS
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Hey, I see you guys already met, huh?
Joey : Didn't I tell ya? Always showin' off.
Joey : Oh, Kath, we should get going. We're going to by hamsters.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Yeah-yeah, I told her about the time you got drunk and fell asleep with your head in the toilet.
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Hey guys. (to Chandler) Listen uh, you wanna get some dinner with me and Kathy tonight?
Joey : It's
Joey : Okay, I see what's going on here.
Joey : Yeah! You don't like Kathy.
Joey : Yeah, you've been avoiding her ever since we started going out. Look, I made an effort to like Janice, now I think it's your turn to make an effort to like Kathy by going out to dinner with us. Right?
Joey : Good, and hey! My treat. (He turns to go into his bedroom then stops.) But that's only because you're not eating anything, right?
Joey : Is she great or what?
Joey : (to Kathy) I'll be right back. (to Chandler) What was that?
Joey : Kathy was being really nice and you just walked away. I thought we had a deal.
Joey : I want you to like her! But if that's too damned difficult for you, then the least you can do is pretend.
Joey : Well then, do it better!
Joey : Well, that's pretty good. But you might wanna tone it down a little.
Joey : (opening the door wearing nothing but a sock, and holding a dart board over the `Little General.') Hey! (Chandler turns down the TV) Now, we're not actually gonna be sleeping in her, but do you mind?
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Why? [Kathy whispers something in Joey's ear]
Joey : You can pee here!
Joey : We've only been going out for a couple of weeks, do you think I gotta get her something?
Joey : Oh, I know...
Joey : (entering the apartment) Hey. Man, it is so hard to shop for girls.
Joey : It's two gifts in one. It's a pen that's also a clock! Huh?
Joey : Why not?
Joey : Sure it is! She needs a pen for work, she's writing, she turns it over.... "Whoa! It's time for my date with Joey!"
Joey : She didn't have a birthday while we were going out.
Joey : (whining and heading toward the door) Look, it's too late, and I got an audition. I can't shop anymore! I...
Joey : Thanks, man. And oh, while you're at it, could you get her a card?
Joey : Or... just get a card that has a poem already in it.
Joey : So, you just left? Her place was really that bad?
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Wow. Thanks. So, uh, what happened?
Joey : All right, so... next time, you take her to your place.
Joey : What kind of smell?
Joey : All right, listen, Ross... you like this girl, right?
Joey : You wanna see her again, right?
Joey : So you're gonna have to do it in the mess!
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : All right! Now you go get that beautiful pig! (Ross hesitates, looks unsure) Oink!
Joey : (entering) Hey! I'm meeting Kathy in ten minutes! I've been looking all over for you!
Joey : Our place, the hall! I...
Joey : (Unimpressed) A book? (Suddenly interested) Is it like a book that's also a safe?
Joey : You got it. Thanks man. Thanks for doing this, I owe you one. (Joey leaves, comes back in.) Oh, hey! There wasn't any change from that twenty, was there?
Joey : Wow. That's almost as much as a new book.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh, man, she loved it! She's over there showing Monica and Rachel right now.
Joey : Hey, listen, I gotta tell ya, I feel kinda bad taking credit for this, because man, am I gonna get a lot of credit for this!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : You know, uh... [Joey moves the pen case out onto the counter.] Chandler got you a gift, too.
Joey : Yeah, he did, look... look, it's right there on the counter! Ha-ho-ho!
Joey : Ah. Hm. (To Kathy) Wanna go to bed?
Joey : Oh, uh... don't forget your coupon. (Tries to strike a sexy pose up against the doorway to his room. Then goes inside).
Joey : (opening bedroom door) Hey, that coupon expires, you know. COMMERCIAL BREAK [ending credits
Joey : Great! All right, so I?ll call you later.
Joey : That would be Casey. We?re going out tonight.
Joey : No, things are fine with Kathy. I?m having a late dinner with her tonight, right after my early dinner with Casey.
Joey : Yeah-yeah. And the craziest thing is that I just ate a whole pizza by myself! (Laughs)
Joey : Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
Joey : What is the big deal? It?s not like we?re exclusive.
Joey : You got all that from the back of her head?
Joey : Who?s Elaine?
Joey : (on the other end at a pay phone) Hey, it?s me. Listen Casey and I were on our way back and had a little car trouble.
Joey : We broke down on the Parkway, so I have to walk back and get some transmission fluid. And hey, listen could you please tell Kathy that I?ll be there as soon as I can.
Joey : ?Cause I only have one quarter, and I think my time is about to?(he stops talking suddenly)
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : Me too, but I guess I do have a couple of more?(his time runs out for real)
Joey : (on phone) Hey dude, it?s me.
Joey : Listen uh, I?m really sorry, it looks like I?m gonna be stuck here for a while. I got the transmission fluid, but when I went to put it in the car, the transmission wasn?t there!
Joey : Yeah, it must?ve fallen out a few blocks back. I just figured we hit a dog.
Joey : Listen uh, could you put Kathy on, I wanna apologize.
Joey : Aww man! I can?t believe I locked myself out again! (He knocks on the door.)
Joey : (rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?
Joey : Why?
Joey : Well, you?re amazing.
Joey : (very excited) A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That?s the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Joey : Oh, you are the best friends anyone has ever had.
Joey : Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I?m gonna do that.
Joey : No-no-no, I think I?m gonna see how things go with Kathy. She?s pretty cool.
Joey : No-no, Kathy.
Joey : No. No, Kathy.
Joey : Y?know what I think? I think somebody?s got a little crush on Casey. How ?bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
Joey : Hey! Samboucha Margarita?
Joey : Well, we only had samboucha, so it is now.
Joey : What?s up?
Joey : You do?
Joey : Well, you?re timing couldn?t be better. She?s not my girlfriend anymore.
Joey : Yeah, she broke up with me.
Joey : Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that?s why I let people watch.
Joey : Well, I?ve been better. But, I?m all right. So you like her huh?
Joey : No-no-no, no it?s uh, it?s okay.
Joey : Yeah. You know why? ?Cause you came to me first.
Joey : But hey, listen just so you know, you might have you?re work cut out for you. ?Cause when I talked to her, I kinda got the feeling that she?s into some other guy. So?
Joey : Who?
Joey : What?
Joey : And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Joey : What?!! That?s even worse!!
Joey : I don?t know! But it?s the same!
Joey : Who cares?! You went behind my back! I would never do that to you!
Joey : Over the line?! You-you?re-you?re so far past the line, that you-you can?t even see the line! The line is a dot to you!
Joey : Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like "Well, kinda.") Well, y?know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there?s a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I?m not gonna eat! You know why?!
Joey : Because it?s all tainted with your betrayal. From now on this apartment is empty for me! And I?m not happy about you either. (The bread maker dings) Oh, and just so you know, I made that bread for you. (Joey walks into his bedroom and slams the door.) Closing Credits
Joey : (answering phone) Hello.
Joey : (answering phone) Hello.
Joey : (answering phone) Stop callin?!!
Joey : All right!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : I?m sending back all this stuff that Chandler bought out of guilt.
Joey : No! I?m putting that in my room.
Joey : Back when you and Rachel were together, if Chandler had kissed her, would you hear him out?
Joey : Five years.
Joey : Hey! Don?t do the crime if you can?t do the time.
Joey : No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don?t know why you?re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there?s a spot open.
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : What?
Joey : All right. But if you weren?t my best friend.
Joey : (entering) Hey Gunther, have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
Joey : (Something in Italian.) (Storms out.)
Joey : My folks.
Joey : I don?t know. I might stay there for a few days while I look for an apartment.
Joey : Yeah, y?know at first I thought we could talk about this y?know, work it out, but uh, seeing you two together I don?t think I?
Joey : Look, it?s not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don?t want to live with some one who doesn?t know what it is to be a friend. So, I?ll see ya. (He starts to leave, but Chandler grabs his bag and stops him.)
Joey : Yeah! You did! And that?s why I?m leaving. (The chick and the duck walk into the living room.)
Joey : When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down!
Joey : Yeah! But if would?ve know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn?t have worried about it so much! See you around!
Joey : We?ve got a box. (Motions to a large wooden box next to him.) Commercial Break
Joey : (coming out of the bathroom) What?s twisted?
Joey : Ewwwww!! Ew! Ew! Ew!
Joey : He?s fine!
Joey : Chandler?
Joey : Hey!
Joey : He?s doin? some thinkin?! [cut to later, Joey, Rachel, Ross, and Tim are watching the football game, and they all cheer loudly.]
Joey : You kissed my girlfriend! (A commercial for sunglasses comes on.)
Joey : That doesn?t sound like thinking to me!
Joey : Y?know I don?t think you should be talking at all in there! I think you?ve got to much thinking to do to be talking and making jokes!
Joey : All right, look! If this is just a big joke to you, then forget about it, all right?! This means something to me! And if it doesn?t mean anything to you, then you should get out of there, otherwise you?re just an idiot in a box!
Joey : So are you gonna start taking this thing seriously?
Joey : That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? (There?s no response from Chandler.) Okay. (Rachel comes back carrying a shoe box.)
Joey : I?ll get it. (It?s Kathy.)
Joey : Hey.
Joey : That?s okay. Chandler?s the one I?m mad at.
Joey : In the box.
Joey : (starting to cry) Open the box!! (Runs over to do so.)
Joey : He can still catch her! Come on, get out of there! (He opens the box) Get out of there!
Joey : Yeah, we?re gonna be fine! Get out!
Joey : Yeah, you did some real good thinkin? in there.
Joey : Now go! ?Cause you can still catch her! And Merry Christmas from you?re secret Santa! (Chandler runs out and closes the door.) (After he?s gone.)
Joey : All right, who got Chandler? ?Cause I uh, need to trade. Closing Credits
Joey : Uhh, that?s not them. I?m gonna go call the police.
Joey : I think I know that girl.
Joey : Oh yeah, I definitely know her. Opening Credits
Joey : Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Joey : Well, why do you call him Gandolf?
Joey : No, I had sex in high school.
Joey : Will you calm down, he?s just a human guy.
Joey : Really?!
Joey : All right, I?ll see you guys. Chandler and
Joey : I have an audition, but I?ll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?
Joey : Okay. (leaves as the phone rings)
Joey : Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you?d be out partying with Gandel-worf.
Joey : So you?ve been sittin? around here all mornin??
Joey : So what if he didn?t come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
Joey : Well, we could do that!
Joey : We?ll do it all, and better! Look, after tonight, Gandolf will want to party with us, dude! Come on!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Yeah!!
Joey : Yeah! All right? Let?s go!
Joey : All right, so we?ll get a little coffee, and get energized, and we?ll head back out.
Joey : So, we?re having fun, right? Chandler and
Joey : We don?t need that wizard guy. We hit a couple of clubs, talked to some strangers, and uh, after this, we?ll head down to the docks and see about that boat thing.
Joey : Are you serious?! Chandler and
Joey : Thank God! I?m exhausted!
Joey : Yeah, but uh, I don?t want to be up too late, so uh, I?ll have a decaf.
Joey : I can?t hear a word you?re saying, my ears are ringing so bad.
Joey : Yeah, I know.
Joey : Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends. Chandler and
Joey : We?re 29, we?re not women.
Joey : Done! I did it! Heh, who?s stupid now? (He smiles and has cookie remains all over his teeth.) Opening Credits
Joey : Well, I know what I?m giving you for Christmas.
Joey : Ohhh!
Joey : Hey, Mon! I?m not doing anything, why don?t you fire me?
Joey : Good enough to get fired.
Joey : Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Joey : Yes!
Joey : What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
Joey : Sure! Where are the seats?
Joey : Now, wait a second! You make food and robots?
Joey : Yeah, lady, I do! I got a problem with that!
Joey : Oh, what are you gonna do? You?re gonna fire me?
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : (checks his watch) Damn! (runs out to work)
Joey : (entering from the dining room) Hey.
Joey : Hey, what happened to your fancy chef?s jacket? (sees there?s a burn spot on it)
Joey : You got it! Oh-oh! (He starts patting the burned spot, which just happens to be over her breast.)
Joey : It?s still a tiny bit on fire there.
Joey : Yeah. Listen uh, I?d prefer it if you didn?t call me Joey. Since I don?t know anyone here, I thought it?d be cool to try out a cool work nickname. A
Joey : (opening an envelope) There?s like-there?s like 300 bucks in this one! The
Joey : No ma?am. The
Joey : I am so-so-so sorry. I was gonna do it! Really! But I was standing there with 327 dollars in one hand and 238 dollars in the other hand, and I was thinking, "Wow! It?s been a long time since I had? (tries to do the math in his head, but can?t) 327 + 238 dollars!"
Joey : And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don?t fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they?ll start listening to all the nice things I?ve been saying about you.
Joey : Well nothing yet, they really hate you and I want to fit in.
Joey : (interrupting) Hey! Chef Geller! Y?know that little speech you made the other day? Well I got a problem with it!
Joey : You bet I do! I just ah, wasn?t listening then, that?s all.
Joey : What are you gonna do? You?re gonna fire me?
Joey : Well I guess I should?ve thought about my wife and kids before I talked back to chef Geller!
Joey : Yep! Looks like it?s gonna be a leeeeean Christmas at the Dragon house this year.
Joey : (leaving) Lean-lean-lean! Closing Credits
Joey : (entering with Ross) Hey! You guys! Check it out, check it out! (He?s wearing a blue blazer) Guess which job I got.
Joey : Oh, ah, tour guide at the museum. Yeah, Ross got it for me.
Joey : No, not really. They give you all the information, it?s uh, it?s like memorizing a script. (Making like a tour guide) "And on your left, you have Tyrannosaurus Rex, a carnivore from the Jurassic period. Chandler, Monica, and
Joey : Yeah but, I can pronounce Jurassic.
Joey : You?re really thinking about having sex with your brother?!
Joey : Huh.
Joey : No, Pheebs, listen, if you decide to do this, we?ll be supportive like crazy.
Joey : Okay, now the Mastodon is from the semi-late Jurassic period. Smart
Joey : Shhh! This is a museum, no talking. Right down here, (Motions to a fossilised dinosaur foot.) we have a large foot. (Sees Ross working in one of the display cases.) Uhh, and over here we have Ross Geller. (Knocks on the glass) Everyone wave ?Hi? to Ross. Ross is one of our most important scientists, look at him, hard at work. (Ross does the old "Putting a cigarette in your ear and pulling it out of your mouth trick.") Okay, moving right along. Come on.
Joey : Uhh, do you mind sitting there. I?m-I?m saving this for my friend Ross. Tour
Joey : Doctor? Wow! I didn?t know he had a nickname. Tour
Joey : Well, how-how come? Tour
Joey : That?s crazy. Tour
Joey : I-I think everybody?s pretending they don?t hear you. Anyway, look, I don?t know about you and your jackets and your separate tables, but Ross is one of my best friends, and if I save him a seat, I?m telling you, he will sit in it! (Ross enters and goes over to the white table) Ross! Ross! Over here, man! I-I saved you seat.
Joey : It?s no big deal. Hey, y?know, you do what you gotta do. Right?
Joey : Whatever.
Joey : Look, Ross, really it?s-it?s no big deal. Y?know you wear a white coat, I wear a blue blazer, if that means we can?t be friends at work, then so be it. Y?know, hey I understand. Y?know? Hey, when I?m in a play and you?re in the audience, I don?t talk to you, right? So it?s y?know, it?s uh, it?s cool. I?ll see you tomorrow. (Leaves)
Joey : (standing up) I will sit with you Dr. Geller. (He goes over to his table and they shake hands.)
Joey : (stands up, and throws his coat on the floor) I?m Joey! I?m an actor! I don?t know squat about dinosaurs! Another Tour
Joey : Yeah, you hang in there Teddy! Older
Joey : It?s the chick! She?s?going through some changes.
Joey : Good luck. (to Monica) And I?m still right!
Joey : She?s mad because I know today?s her laundry day and that means she?s wearing her old lady underpants.
Joey : Yeah, what?s that about?
Joey : Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?
Joey : Six.
Joey : All right, we?ll start with?apples.
Joey : Okay. Uhh, tortilla chips, yogurt.
Joey : Okay, the last thing?
Joey : No-no, not for like another two weeks.
Joey : Serious?
Joey : No! All right, who-who makes up the questions?
Joey : Huh.
Joey : I know. (They all pause and think about it.)
Joey : Animals dressed as humans.
Joey : (to Chandler) The Irish gig guy?!
Joey : It?s All Relative.
Joey : (to Chandler) Nana?
Joey : (answering the question) Althea!
Joey : I took a shot.
Joey : Hey, no way, that rooster?s family!
Joey : What do you have against the duck?! He doesn?t make any noise!
Joey : Look, we are not gonna?
Joey : (shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
Joey : Oooooh!
Joey : Okay.
Joey : Big fat goalie.
Joey : Weekend at Bernie?s.
Joey : Everyday use.
Joey : Guest.
Joey : Uhh, 11!
Joey : YEAH!!! YES!!!
Joey : I call Monica?s room!
Joey : Sure I can, standard shotgun rules, I?m sight of the room and I called it. (Chandler grunts and turns around, sees that he?s in sight of the room, and mouths damn!)
Joey : What?
Joey : Hey?ooh Pheebs, are they in there?
Joey : Oh wow! You can tell this soon.
Joey : What?!
Joey : You can?t just ignore the bet! It?s a bet! You bet and you bet and if you lose, you lose the bet!
Joey : Hey, don?t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Joey : But it is our apartment!
Joey : Did you see the size of the closets?!
Joey : (entering) Hey! (Goes to the fridge.)
Joey : (Holding a turkey leg) There?s gravy?
Joey : I think I left a donut up here.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : (to Ross) That-that is a good trick.
Joey : Chandler, look they?re actors. They?re there to do a job, just ?cause they work together, doesn?t mean they?re gonna get together. I mean just ?cause it happened with Susan Sarandon and Tim Robbins, it doesn?t mean it?s gonna happen with them.
Joey : Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.
Joey : Okay look, look, let me ask you a question, when they were doing it on stage, was it like really hot?
Joey : Well okay, so then you?re fine. The rule is when two actors are actually doing it off-stage all the sexual tension between them is gone. Okay? So as long as it?s hot onstage you got nothing to worry about. It?s when the heat goes away, that?s when you?re in trouble.
Joey : Look, you guys have been to every play I?ve ever been in, have I ever had chemistry on stage?
Joey : Noooo!!
Joey : Hey Mon! Want some pancakes?
Joey : Yep! Grab a plate.
Joey : No-no, stay right there. (Monica stops and Joey flips her a pancake, which flies over her head and lands in the living room.) Gettin? closer.
Joey : Listen also we?re uh, we?re watching the game here Saturday night, if people want to come over.
Joey : Oh yeah, who?s playing?
Joey : All right Pheebs, stick out your plate!
Joey : I don?t know, it smells good. (He goes over and opens the door to reveal Monica holding a plate of cookies and a fan to blow the smell across the hall.)
Joey : (Holding a magazine) Wow! The new Playboy!
Joey : Come here.
Joey : Oh, yeah, totally! That?s such a turn-on!
Joey : Oh-ooh, that?s the turn-on.
Joey : Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin??"
Joey : (to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin?? (Phoebe looks at him, and then giggles and looks away.)
Joey : Well, you gotta give him something that he can?t say no too. Like uh, Knicks tickets! Invite the guy to a Knicks game, you?re guaranteed he?ll say yes!
Joey : Absolutely! And if it doesn?t, can I get the extra ticket? (We hear a noise coming from Monica and Rachel?s apartment.)
Joey : What the heck is that? (They go open the door and reveal Monica being spun around on the floor polisher and getting the cord wrapped around her legs.)
Joey : No! Forget her, man! You don?t need her, you don?t need that!
Joey : Dude, tell me she actually told you this.
Joey : Whoa-whoa, that-that was just a theory! There?s a lot of theories that didn?t pan out. The lone gunman. Communism. Geometry.
Joey : Okay, for next time, what do you say?
Joey : What?s ready?
Joey : I don?t know, it looks the same.
Joey : Oh yeah!
Joey : How?d it go?
Joey : Ohh, Nothing. ?
Joey : I know what it did! Nothing. ?
Joey : Like this. (Shrugs) ?
Joey : Sure! It flushes it. ?
Joey : Hey! (Sees Janice.) Ah!! (Janice screams in surprise.) ?
Joey : And there it is. ?
Joey : So what are you doing bringing her here?! There's people here! ?
Joey : Yeah, try sticking it in the freezer for 20 minutes. (They all look around and then back at Joey.) I'm tellin' ya! ? Une rue. Ross et Emily marchent en revenant d'un rendez-vous. ?
Joey : Hey! What's up? ?
Joey : (to Rachel) I bet I stopped listening before you did. ?
Joey : Dude, you're not even man enough to order the channel that carries the sport. ?
Joey : Hey-hey, what's going on? ?
Joey : Thanks for telling me! ? (Janice runs into the bedroom.) ?
Joey : Ohhhh, good one! And Yemen that actually sounds like a real country. ?
Joey : Nope. (To Ross) Man look at this! Ross, I can't believe you said you'd play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is! ?
Joey : (pointing to the TV) Okay, Ross, look-look-look-look, look right here. That's called a scrum, okay? It's kinda like a huddle. ?
Joey : Ross! (Laughs) They're gonna kill you! ?
Joey : All right, come on look, Ross can take care of himself! It's not like he's...Chandler! ?
Joey : Ross-Ross-Ross-Ross! Stay away from that guy (Points), and that guy (Points). And that one-Dude! They're all huge! ?
Joey : Well, maybe that's because you're closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are. ?
Joey : I totally don't know what you're talking about. ?
Joey : No. ?
Joey : Dude, if you go back out there, you're gonna be Dead Ross! ?
Joey : The Red Ross! Okay. ? Appartement de Monica et Rachel. Monica lit un livre quand Rachel revient. ?
Joey : Yeah, sure. ?
Joey : Uhh, look, your eye's still popping out a little, I'm gonna go get some ice. ?
Joey : Wow, Pheebs! That sounds great!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?
Joey : Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey?s your pal. Joey?s your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they?re hanging out with Joey."
Joey : Oh well, hey, Joey?s loveable too! But the thing about Joey is, if you need him, he?ll be there.
Joey : What do ya say? What do ya say?
Joey : I knew I shouldn?t have mentioned it! That?s what I wanted to name my kid!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : No, but I?m gonna!
Joey : Oh! Oh-oh, you gotta pick Joey! I mean, name one famous person named Chandler.
Joey : Someone you didn?t make up!
Joey : Yeah, that guy really hurt us.
Joey : All right look man, I didn?t want to bring this up, but Chandler, is the stupidest name I ever heard in my life! It?s not even a name; it?s barely even a word. Okay? It?s kinda like chandelier, but it?s not! All right? It?s a stupid, stupid non-name!
Joey : I?m sorry man, I didn?t-I?m-I?m sorry. I?m sorry. (Goes over and comforts him.)
Joey : So I guess it?s Joey then!
Joey : (answering the door.) Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in. (He brings them inside.) [Cut back to Rachel?s date.]
Joey : Dude, I am sorry about what I said!
Joey : It?s not that bad.
Joey : So, you?re just Bing?
Joey : No way are you cool enough to pull of Clint.
Joey : See you later, Gene.
Joey : What?s up with Gene?
Joey : Nah, you?re not tall enough to be a Mark, but you might make a good Barney.
Joey : Ohh! (Realises it was all a trick to get Phoebe to name the baby Chandler.) CLOSING
Joey : Are you kidding? I love that guy! (Starts singing) Morning?s here! Morning is here-
Joey : See, this is a great apartment.
Joey : Uhh, Pheebs, those are uh, those are Santa pants.
Joey : You have Knicks tickets?
Joey : (examining the tickets) Oh my God! Those are almost right on the floor!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : You?re not stupid. You?re meaner than I thought.
Joey : Yeah, you do!
Joey : Come on!
Joey : Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Joey : Oh come-look, when I was a kid my dad?s company gave season tickets to the number one salesman every year, all right? My dad never won! Of course, he wasn?t in the sales division, but still, I never ever, ever forgot that!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : We don?t make enough fun of you already?
Joey : Oh-no, don?t try and talk all normal with that thing in your ear.
Joey : What?
Joey : All right look, Ross, he?s right. Emily?s great, she?s great! But this way too soon, you?re only gonna scare her!
Joey : No! You don?t want to wreck it, you don?t want to go to fast!
Joey : Wait-wait-wait-wait! (To Chandler) Come on! Come on, let?s trade! The timing?s perfect, I just clogged the toilet!
Joey : Yes! Didn?t you ever read Sports Illustrated?! No! I didn?t read yours! But come on, we can go to the game tonight!
Joey : It?s the Knicks!
Joey : Whoa!
Joey : Huh.
Joey : Yeah, the Knicks rule all!
Joey : Done!
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Ooh, we could end up with nothing.
Joey : Ooh, I like that.
Joey : Come on man, you know I?d do it for you! Because, you?re my best friend.
Joey : All right!
Joey : Okay!
Joey : What?s the game?! What?s the game?!
Joey : Uhh, they?re tall.
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Yeah! Okay. (Joey picks a card.) Phoebe, you look, I can?t.
Joey : Okay. Okay. (He looks at the card.) Ace! (Both Joey and Chandler and Monica and Rachel jump up and down for joy.)
Joey : What? Ace is high! Jack, queen, king, ace!
Joey : Okay.
Joey : Uh-huh, not as high as...(picks a card) It worked! King!
Joey : Why?!
Joey : Seriously, good game though. Good game. (He tries to congratulate them, but they pull away.) (To Chandler) What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
Joey : Oh yeah. Hey! Should we give these shirts to the girls? Y?know, kinda like a peace offering.
Joey : Hey, want a beer? (Hands him a beer and sits down in one of the chairs.) (Jumping up.) WHOA!!!!
Joey : I don?t know.
Joey : I don?t want to move again!
Joey : That was one good minute!
Joey : Good night. (They both go back into their old rooms and shut the doors. Of course, Chandler has to close both sections of his door.) [Cut to the girls apartment.]
Joey : Ross has some big thing to tell everyone.
Joey : Yeah! Yeah!
Joey : Monica and Rachel made out. (Giggles like a schoolboy and Monica glares at him.) CLOSING
Joey : Hey! (Singing) Get into gear! The Singing
Joey : (joining in, in his sleep) Joey. Joey. Joey. Joey! Joey!! (Chandler acts disgusted, but is happy that Joey has stopped snoring. However, just as he is about to leave, Joey starts snoring again. So to get him to stop, he slams the door shut, waking Joey.)
Joey : (proudly) Oh, you should here me.
Joey : Look, I told ya, I?m not going to any clinic! I don?t have a problem, you?re the one with the problem! You should go to a "Quit being a baby and leave me alone" clinic!
Joey : Yeah, they do! Quit being a baby and leave me alone! There, you?ve just had your first class!
Joey : Ohhh, yeah!
Joey : I gotta do what I gotta do, you gotta do what you gotta do, you just do it.
Joey : That?s not whipped! Whipped is wh-tcssh!
Joey : You can?t do anything!
Joey : This sucks! I didn?t know I had to stay up all night before I went to this stupid sleep clinic! I?m so tired!
Joey : Yeah, well...
Joey : Yeah, Rach, I think you?re handling that really well.
Joey : I am... (Looks in his date book.) free!
Joey : (still looking in date book) Hey! That?s the day after I stop menstruating! (They all look at him.) This isn?t mine. COMMERCIAL BREAK
Joey : Joey Tribbiani. Sleep Clinic
Joey : (sleepily) Yeah, she is. Wow! (Falls back asleep, loudly) How you doin?? (Chandler wakes him up, again.)
Joey : What?!
Joey : (asleep) So why don?t you give me your number?
Joey : (muffled by the mouth guard) Hey you guys! What?s happening?
Joey : (muffled) Oh, they gave it to me at the sleep clinic, and it?s gonna help me not to snore.
Joey : (takes out the mouth guard) I know I don?t have too! It tastes good. (Puts it back in.)
Joey : I know. Ross is getting married.
Joey : Everybody?s doing stuff!
Joey : (snaps his fingers) We could climb Mt. Everest!
Joey : No-no-no-no-no, I saw an ad for this video, people climb that thing everyday! We could totally do that!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : We?re gonna climb Mt. Everest!
Joey : We could get that Everest video though.
Joey : And while we?re down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! (Chandler?s excited.) Oh, y?know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
Joey : Yeah. Yeah.
Joey : Yeah we are! OPENING
Joey : It's never gonna happen. [cut to later]
Joey : Don?t answer that. [Cut to Living Room]
Joey : Awful! Horrible!
Joey : She was nothing compared to you. [Cut to Living Room]
Joey : Ewwwww!
Joey : (taking apart the invitation) Hey, pretty smart! Tissue paper! You?re at the wedding, you have to cry, "Handkerchief?" "No-no, I got my invitation."
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Don?t worry man, I get to bring a guest. We?ll show him.
Joey : I knew that! (They all look at him) I sooo didn?t know that, but you should see your faces.
Joey : Heyyy. (They all try and hide their invitations.)
Joey : He broke up with Julie. Well, go hug her, for god's sakes.
Joey : Ohhh. [The next clip is from The One Where Ross and Rachel.... You Know.]
Joey : Lookin' good Mr. Cotter. [cut to later]
Joey : It?s better! You can?t go to a museum in your underwear!
Joey : I bet we could get videos of all the sites, get a VCR in our hotel room... we'd never even have to go outside!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Whoa-whoa-whoa! Before you start handing out wedding rings and planning bachelor parties, don't you have to decide who your best man is gonna be?
Joey : What?! He got to do it at your first wedding!
Joey : Come on Ross! Look, I-I don't have any brothers; I'll never get to be a best man!
Joey : (pause) I'll never get to be a best man!
Joey : (impatiently tapping Chandler on the shoulder) What about me?! You-you just said I could!
Joey : I can't believe you're not picking me.
Joey : Yes! (to Chandler) Shame about you man.
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
Joey : (grabs it) Thanks.
Joey : Oh, we're having a big party tomorrow night. Later! (Starts for the door.)
Joey : Nooo, later. (Walks out the door.)
Joey : Oh, it's Ross's bachelor party.
Joey : Are you bachelors?
Joey : Are you strippers?
Joey : Then you're not invited. (Starts for the door again.)
Joey : Oh-whoa, what party?
Joey : Baby shower. Wow! That sounds sooo like something I don't want to do! Later! (Finally, he makes his exit.)
Joey : This is what I've got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Joey : Okay, now uh, in terms of the invite list, I've got you, me, and Chandler and I'm gonna invite Gunther 'cause, well, we've been talking about this pretty loud.
Joey : All right-oh! Listen, I know this is your party, but I'd really like to the number of museum geeks that are gonna be there.
Joey : Okay! We'll need a six-pack of Zima.
Joey : You got it.
Joey : Well, there's gonna be strippers there. He didn't say anything about no strippers.
Joey : Oh, I chose not to hear that.
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : Oh-whoa-wait, Gunther don't-don't forget your shirt. (He gives Gunther his shirt and Gunther leaves.)
Joey : Oh, little party favours, check it out! (It's a shirt that reads, "Ross Geller, Bachelor Bash 1998")
Joey : Oh-oh! (Shows him what's on the back, "Best Man Joey Tribbiani, with a huge picture of him.)
Joey : Oh, hey, don't forget your shirt.
Joey : Okay, hey, museum geeks, party's over. Okay. Wave bye-bye to the nice lady. There you go. Back to your parent's basement. All right. (The museum geeks exit and Joey unlocks his door and lets the chick and the duck out.) Come on boys, come on out! Here you go. All right. The
Joey : Yeah! The
Joey : Oh yeah-yeah. And I got the duck totally trained. Watch this. Stare at the wall. (The duck complies.) Hardly move. (The duck complies.) Be white. (The duck complies.) The
Joey : Oh thanks. Thanks. It was great meetin' ya. And listen if any of my friends gets married, or have a birthday, or a Tuesday... The
Joey : Oh unless you uh, you wanna hang around. The
Joey : Yeah. I'll let you play with my duck.
Joey : Hey, (realises he doesn't know her name.) stripper! (He notices that the ring box is open, so he picks it up, sees it's empty and starts to panic.) COMMERCIAL
Joey : (running and banging on Chandler's door) The stripper stole the ring!! The stripper stole the ring!! Chandler! Chandler, get up! Get up! The stripper stole the ring!
Joey : The ring is gone!
Joey : Dude, this isn't funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything's cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper's gone and the ring is gone!
Joey : Of course!! (Shrugs.)
Joey : Ugh! I don't know what I'm going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don't care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn't an emergency, then what is?
Joey : Hey...
Joey : So uh, hey, that uh, that wedding ring, huh? Man, that's nice!
Joey : I was uh, I was thinking I might want to pick one of those babies up for myself, I might want to get one of those...
Joey : (laughs, softly) Yeah, the stripper stole it.
Joey : Dude, I screwed up, you don't have to turn me in!
Joey : Oh, yeah, well I already did that! They said they're gonna look into it right after they solved all the murders.
Joey : I did that too! They wouldn't give me her real name or her number. They said, "If I bothered them again they'd call the police." I said, "If you talk to the police, you tell them I'm missing a ring!"
Joey : Look Ross, I am so-so sorry. I-I-I...
Joey : Oh, that sounds like fun, but we've got a ring to find!!
Joey : All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won't recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. (to Ross) You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I'll be uh, Mr. Wong.
Joey : There was a ring, in a box, on my nightstand, after you left, it was gone! The
Joey : I don't get it! It was in my room all night! And if she didn't take it, and I didn't take it; and you (Chandler) didn't take it, then who did? (The duck quacks.) Shh! We're trying to think! (Ross and Chandler realise it at the same moment and stare at Joey, who doesn't get it. After a short pause, with the duck still quacking, Joey figures it out and starts pointing at the duck.)
Joey : If anything should happen to him...
Joey : So! Things can go wrong! You don't know! What if he doesn't make it?!
Joey : Yeah, but what if he doesn't? He's such a good duck. (With that we go into a little flashback about the guys' memories of the duck. The first one is Joey playing with him in the bathtub and drying him off. Then it's Chandler sitting on his couch after they moved into the girls apartment, and Chandler reading to him in bed, and him watching Baywatch when all they had was the canoe and the duck was in a bucket of water. Then we see Ross eating some cereal and the duck watching him. He takes a lamp and moves the duck off of the table. Then it's Chandler shooing them out of the bathroom in the girls' apartment, Joey revealing their disco cubby hole in the entertainment-center, then Chandler playing Hide-and-Go-Seek with them, and it's concluded with various scenes with the duck flapping it's wings. And the guys staring into the distance in remembrance of the duck.)
Joey : I'm so worried about him, y'know? The
Joey : H-h-h-how's the duck? The
Joey : Ohh, great! Oh hey, listen Ross, thanks for being so cool about this.
Joey : No, it's not. I mean you-you made me your best man and I totally let you down!
Joey : Yeah, it is! You wouldn't have lost the ring, right? Y'know what, Ross you were right from the start, he (Chandler) should be your best man.
Joey : Now, don't argue with me...
Joey : Really?
Joey : (starting to cry) I gotta go check something over here. (He walks away so that they can't see him cry.)
Joey : It's all London, baby! Here we go. (He takes a picture of a less than enthused Chandler and starts towards the girls' apartment.)
Joey : Yeah, in my third drawer on my dresser. You don't want to lose that. (Chandler glares at him. At first Joey doesn't know why, it takes him a little bit to figure it out.)
Joey : Ohh!! (Runs to his room.)
Joey : Woo-hoo!!
Joey : London baby!
Joey : (louder) London baby!!
Joey : Bye, Pheebs! (They all start out, Rachel gives each one a kiss, and says "bye." In the hall, Joey says...)
Joey : London baby!! (And Rachel slowly closes the door, sadly.)
Joey : Come on! Do something!
Joey : Okay, here! (Gives him the camera.) I wanna be the on camera guy. All right, first stop, Westminster Abbey. (Joey folds out his "pop-up" map of London. All of the major landmarks pop-up like in a pop-up book.)
Joey : It's London, baby! All right, the hotel's here. (Points to the map.) Wait. No, we wanna go... No. I know. (Sets the map down.) I'm gonna have to go into the map. (So Joey literally steps into the map.)
Joey : I got it! (Picks up the map and starts walking.) Here we go.
Joey : Shhh! (Pause) Man, you made me lose it! (He goes into the map again.)
Joey : All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I've ever seen. Hey! (Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.) Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
Joey : Really? To what?
Joey : Man, you are Westminster Crabby. (He starts chasing Chandler towards the Abbey.)
Joey : Hey! The
Joey : Check this out? Huh? (Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on the front of it.) Yeah. That's the stuff. What do you think?
Joey : Well, I like it. Here you go. (He pays for the hat.)
Joey : Oh, I embarrass you?
Joey : Oh yeah? (Puts the hat on.) If you're gonna make me choose between you and the hat? I choose the hat. The
Joey : Thanks.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Oh. (Takes off the hat.) Sorry!
Joey : Me too.
Joey : Noo!! I've had the best day ever! Dude, check this out!
Joey : Sh-shh-shh! (He motions for her to watch something he has taped.) [Cut to the tape Joey made in front of some famous place in London with a rather famous English-type person.]
Joey : (on tape) Okay, so say hi to my friend and tell him that you like the hat.
Joey : (on tape) Oh, Chandler.
Joey : That's Fergie baby!!
Joey : Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I'm in my map and-and...(Ross enters) Hey!
Joey : Wait up! (They both run to the bathroom.)
Joey : Yeah. (Pause) Hey, I hope Ross didn't think that we just went in there because we were uncomfortable being out here!
Joey : (on phone) Hey, Pheebs! It's Joey!
Joey : That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Joey : Kinda, but I've just been having way too much fun.
Joey : No, I don't think so.
Joey : Who's seven?
Joey : Ahh, the babies miss me? (There is a knock on Rachel and Phoebe's door.)
Joey : What? You ordered pizza without me?!
Joey : Two pizzas?!
Joey : Wait, well, where did you get it from?! (Phoebe has already hung up, leaving Joey in the dark. So Joey decides to watch some TV and turns on a rerun of Cheers, with the theme song playing. At first, he's happy, but as the song progresses Joey gets depressed and homesick.)
Joey : What's in it?
Joey : (Looking up at the waiter)That's not food...No, I don't, no...(Taps Chandler on the shoulder.) Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can't even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Joey : (Pointing? at Chandler.) Your different here too. Your mean in England. (Chandler throws his hands up to his head in frustration. They walk away from each other.) [Camera pans to the Geller family table. Ross, Rachel, Jack, and Judy are there.] Mr.
Joey : Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I'm not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. (pointing at everyone.) But not as much as I love America. (Looking at Chandler.) Could we please..go home now? (One of the bridesmaids, Felicity, puts her arm around Joey.)
Joey : (Putting his arm around her.) I'm not going anywhere, sweetheart.
Joey : Hello?
Joey : Hey. I spent the night out. I met this cute bridesmaid. She is so...
Joey : Ahh Pheebs, you know you're still my number one girl.
Joey : Ohh great!!!
Joey : (Confused.) But, he loves Emily?
Joey : Okay.
Joey : Hold on. Hold on. (Picking up a note pad and writing and reading the message aloud.) Rachel coming. Do...Something.
Joey : Right!
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Have you seen Monica?
Joey : (With a confused look on his face.) What?
Joey : Look we've got to find her. Phoebe just called!! Rachel's coming to tell Ross she loves him!!
Joey : I know! That's why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is?
Joey : (Whispering.) Pisst, Monica. Alright, we really need to start looking out for Rachel. I'll cover the front door. You watch that big hole at the back of the building and I got Chandler covering Ross.
Joey : Okay. (They both walk off to watch for Rachel.) (Ross and chandler are standing next to the alter. Ross is practicing for the wedding.)
Joey : Hey, Felicity.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : (In a New York accent.) Fuggetaboutit. (She giggles.) How you doin?
Joey : Oh, yeah. (Back in the chapel. The parents are still fighting over the bill. Ross is refereeing.) Mrs.
Joey : (Smiling.) Ohh great!! (Putting the phone to his ear.) Hello. (He begins to escort her down the aisle.)
Joey : No, but it's okay. She just came in and gave him a hug, that it.
Joey : No.
Joey : Ah, I'm-I'm walking down the aisle...Still walking. (Mrs. Waltham takes her place.) I'm about to pass the bridesmaid I hooked up with last night. (Looking at the bridesmaid.) Hey! (Talking to Phoebe.) I told her "Hey." And now I'm at the front with Ross. It's Phoebe. (He shows Ross the phone.) He looks pretty mad. Uh...I'd better go.
Joey : Well, that went well. Yeah.
Joey : (To the gang) Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
Joey : Hey, what's up? (He has solved the problem of eating the steak, he's eating it with his hands.) (Cut to Monica and Chandler, Monica is running up to him.)
Joey : Well, I figured we're in another country, so it doesn't count.
Joey : (approaching) Ross, hey, the band's ready outside for your first dance with Emily, so...
Joey : You spit on me man! (Wipes his face.)
Joey : Emily is kinda taking a long time, huh?
Joey : Hey, dude, let me in. I got a girl out here!
Joey : No you don't, I just saw you go in there with Monica!
Joey : Look, which one of us is gonna be having sex in there, me or you?
Joey : My Giant? I love that movie!
Joey : Can I ask you something?
Joey : Felicity and I, we're watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I'm never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I'm just wasting my life with this acting thing?
Joey : I mean, the giant is like five years younger than me, y'know, you think I'll ever get there?
Joey : Thanks man.
Joey : But what about how much taller he is than me? (Time lapse, Chandler is finishing his third little bottle of booze.)
Joey : I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now, y'know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man? (Monica returns.)
Joey : Hey, Monica, wow you've been in the bathroom for like a half-hour.
Joey : Had the beef-tips, huh?
Joey : Hi! (They all hug.)
Joey : All right, I'm gonna go say hi the chick and the duck.
Joey : Why would you need to say hi to them, you've been feeding them for four days?
Joey : Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in! (Monica quickly dives under the water as Joey enters. He looks a little shocked at what Chandler's doing.)
Joey : Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
Joey : Okay. (Joey turns to leave but stops at the door.)
Joey : You sure? Some extra crispy? Dirty rice? Beans?
Joey : All right! (Joey leaves and Monica comes up for air.)
Joey : Mornin' Pheebs!
Joey : (interrupting) Was his name Angus? (Monica and Chandler laugh.)
Joey : Oh, he was this cab driver we had in London.
Joey : Yeah-yeah-yeah, and they had that beer! That uh...
Joey : Hey, Ross, Bodington's!
Joey : That was good beer.
Joey : Y'know, I'd walk back to London for another frosty one of those bad boys.
Joey : Later! (Exits.)
Joey : (To Chandler) I bet it was about her a little.
Joey : Say that to him and you're golden. (She just glares at him.)
Joey : Hey, Pheebs!
Joey : (Jumping out of his way) See ya!! (To the girls.) What the hell was that?!
Joey : (Poking his head out.) Havin' some trouble?
Joey : I'll kick that door in if you give me a little sugar. Commercial Break
Joey : (In tremendous pain) All right. Good deal.
Joey : Uh, okay, Pheebs?
Joey : Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
Joey : All right, well, we felt really bad about that so we decided we should all take a little trip together!
Joey : Yeah, all of us! All day!
Joey : Phoebe!
Joey : Mine!
Joey : Nooo, I said we needed a new plan.
Joey : Which, is the new plan!
Joey : Uh, Pheebs, you're leaking?
Joey : Okay, uh Pheebs, quick. Look! This (His video camera) is for the babies to look at someday, so is-is there anything you want to say? Y'know before it all starts?
Joey : I gotta get the before shot! (She shakes her head no.) Opening Credits
Joey : Oh! (In an announcer type voice) And so the miracle of life begins, and aaiiyyyeeee! (He grabs his side and doubles over in pain.)
Joey : Ooh, something hurts!
Joey : Are they? I didn't know I cared that much. (The doctor, Dr. Harad, enters.)
Joey : Oh my!
Joey : Not in my head.
Joey : (in a sexy voice) Yep! There's always room for Jell-O...
Joey : Oh, it's easy. Yeah, I-I can do it with anything. Watch uh, (snaps his fingers and in a sexy voice) Grandma's chicken salad...
Joey : (entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (He's carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies... (Throws the paper away to reveal a copy of Playpen, which is the TV version of Playboy Magazine.) Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff. (Joey opens the magazine and Ross sticks the camera in it.)
Joey : Oh, a couple of nurses asked them out. Maybe they're with them.
Joey : Yeah, I was bummed too.
Joey : I think Saturday-(groans in pain again).
Joey : (entering from the elevator caring gifts for the kids) Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. (He doubles over in pain in front an old man in a wheel chair.) Get up! Get up! Get up! (The old man waves him away.)
Joey : Umm, well, what else could it be? Joey's
Joey : Or? Joey's
Joey : Well, maybe a little. I wish you hadn't seen me throw up.
Joey : (interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option-what's a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!
Joey : Ohh, get these things out of me!
Joey : I want the drugs Ross, I want the drugs! (He starts rocking back and forth, taking Ross with him.)
Joey : Argh!
Joey : Argh!
Joey : Oh my God.
Joey : They're so small! (Both he and Ross look at them with satisfied looks on their faces.)
Joey : Well, we were! But Ross was talking so loud on his phone they threw us out!
Joey : (to Monica and Rachel) He's talking to London!
Joey : Well no, not yet. He's calling everyone on her side of the family hoping that someone will help him get in touch with her.
Joey : Ross! Way to suck up to the family.
Joey : (entering, wearing a tux) Hey!
Joey : Don't worry, I had it dry-cleaned.
Joey : Well, I'm doing this telethon thing on TV and my agent got me a job as co-host!
Joey : A little uh, good deed for PBS and a little TV exposure, now that's the kind of math Joey likes to do!
Joey : Why don't you like PBS, Pheebs?
Joey : I'm sorry Pheebs, I just, y'know, I just wanted to do a good deed. Like-like you did with the babies.
Joey : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
Joey : Well, yeah, it was a really nice thing and all, but it made you feel really good right?
Joey : It made you feel good, so that makes it selfish. Look, there's no unselfish good deeds, sorry.
Joey : Well, may I ask for one example?
Joey : That's because all people are selfish.
Joey : Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
Joey : That he doesn't exist.
Joey : (To the pledge volunteers) How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya! Stage
Joey : That's great. But uh, I'm not really expecting a lot of calls. Stage
Joey : But I'm the host! Stage
Joey : You don't seem to understand. See, I was Dr. Drake Remoray. Stage
Joey : (on phone) Hey Mon!
Joey : See, there was kind of a mix up in my agent's office, but I'm still on TV and that's good exposure.
Joey : Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now? (He waves his hand in front of the woman next to him and you can now see his arm on TV.)
Joey : Hello New York! (The woman bats his hand out of the way.)
Joey : (in a bored voice) PBS telethon.
Joey : What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?
Joey : Now, y'know the bee probably died after he stung ya.
Joey : Hey, excuse me, would you mind switching with me? PBS
Joey : Come on man! You've been here all day! PBS
Joey : (in an unenthusiastic voice) PBS Telethon.
Joey : Hey Pheebs!
Joey : $200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
Joey : And you don't a little good about donating the money?
Joey : A hamster? What, those things are like 10 bucks.
Joey : Monica? What time is it?
Joey : But it's dark out.
Joey : I guess I'll get washed up then. Watch that sunrise. (He goes into the bathroom.)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Doesn't seem like it's going to work, I mean...
Joey : Hi!
Joey : So I'm thinking, basically we pick it up and then we flip it.
Joey : (holding a box) Well, remember when they got in that big fight and broke up and we were all stuck in her with no food or anything? Well, when Ross said Rachel at the wedding, I figured it was gonna happen again, so I hid this in here.
Joey : You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
Joey : Hey, you're back!
Joey : How was your conference?
Joey : Oh, so your weekend was a total bust?
Joey : Hey, you're back too!
Joey : Hey, how was your chef thing?
Joey : (sticking his head out the door) What are you guys woofing about?
Joey : Nooooo!!! Y'know what? Now that I think about it, I constantly find myself without twenties and you always have lots!
Joey : You want my advice?
Joey : You're not gonna like it.
Joey : You got married to fast.
Joey : I told ya.
Joey : Man, if anyone asked me to give up any of you, I couldn't do it. Chandler and
Joey : Hi, Rach.
Joey : I-I-I don't know if this falls under this category, but uh, Ross is right back there. (Points over his shoulder.)
Joey : Hey, you're not Kip!
Joey : Who cares? You're Rachel! (To Chandler) Who's Kip?
Joey : Oh, that poor bastard.
Joey : Hey, Mr. Bing. That uh, hotel you stayed at called. Said someone left an eyelash curler in your room.
Joey : 'Cause I figured you'd hooked up with some girl and she'd left it there.
Joey : Y'know, I-I don't even feel like I know you anymore man! All right, look, I'm just gonna ask you this one time. And whatever you say, I'll believe ya. (Pause.) Were you, or were you not on a gay cruise?!
Joey : (entering) (He clears his throat to get their attention.) Hey, Rach? Sorry to interrupt but umm, Phoebe wanted me to talk to you about a trip or something.
Joey : (shocked) Oh! Ohh! Oh!!
Joey : Oohh!! Ohh! Oh-oh-oh! Oh-oh!! (Chandler pushes him through the door and Monica closes it behind them.) [Cut to Monica's room, Chandler tackles Joey onto her bed and tries to cover his mouth.]
Joey : Ohhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!
Joey : (To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
Joey : How?! When?!
Joey : IN LONDON!!!
Joey : But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone! (They both grab him and stop him.)
Joey : All right! Man, this is unbelievable! I mean, it's great, but...
Joey : Aww, I don't want to see that! [Cut to Phoebe and Rachel.]
Joey : I guess I'm done.
Joey : I think I'm gonna take-off.
Joey : (entering) Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! None of that, not while you're living under my roof!
Joey : Look, just because I know about you two, doesn't mean I like looking at it.
Joey : Well, I'm sorry if I'm not a middle-aged black woman! (Starts for his room.) And I'm also sorry if sometimes I go to the wrong audition! Okay, look, if I have to pretend I don't know about you two, then you two are gonna have to pretend there's nothing to know about. Chandler and
Joey : (from the bedroom) I can hear that!
Joey : I can still hear you! Opening Credits
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Argh-argh!! (Catches the coat.) Ooh, soft. Is this mink?
Joey : Hey, Ross, you're okay with that?
Joey : (after Ross is gone) What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
Joey : No! Everything's gettin' all messed up, y'know? Emily won't let Ross see Rachel, we're not gonna stop seeing Rachel, hence Ross stops seeing us!
Joey : No! But y'know, I'm an actor, I'll act cool.
Joey : I'll take it!
Joey : Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! (He drapes it around his shoulders.) Enh? All right, what do you think?
Joey : What's the matter Ross?
Joey : That's way uptown! That's like three trains away! (Phoebe pinches him.) Which is great! I love to ride that rail!
Joey : Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? (Phoebe pinches him again.) Ow!! He's not even here!!! (Monica and Rachel enter breathless.)
Joey : Uhh, like dark hair, bushy beard?
Joey : Yeah, you fogged Danny.
Joey : Dan just moved in downstairs. Yeah, he just got back from like this four-month trek in the Andes. Nice fella.
Joey : Ohh. Hey, remember when I ran into this thing (The shutters that close off the kitchen.) and it kinda knocked me out a little?
Joey : Uhh, are you saying that you're not entirely happy about this?
Joey : You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Joey : It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally-(The gang enters behind Joey and Phoebe pinches him again.)-Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
Joey : We all hate Emily!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Yes! Yes! Unreasonable!
Joey : I kinda feel like it's my fault. (Monica and Chandler turn and stare at him.)
Joey : Well, I'm keeping so many things to myself these days, something was bound to slip out! (He glares at Chandler.)
Joey : Look, Ross, I feel really bad. I mean, you're going through all this stuff and I just acted like a jerk.
Joey : Look, we were way out of line, we totally support you.
Joey : Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
Joey : Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. (Makes like he's juggling.) Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone...
Joey : (thinks) I'm not sure.
Joey : RACHEL PLEASE!!! JUST HAVE DINNER WITH US!!!
Joey : All right, I-I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You see Rach I'm an actor... [Time lapse, dinner is now finished and Ross is looking out the window.]
Joey : It's almost as if he knew. (The phone rings.)
Joey : Well uh, I don't know about who's here, but I can tell you for damn sure who's not here and that's Rachel!!
Joey : I think it's going okay. Looks like he's smiling.
Joey : You can totally tell! Here look, watch me. (He stands up and turns his back to them so that he is facing the window.) Smile! Frown. Smile! Frown. (The camera cuts to Ross outside hanging up the phone.) Smile! (Ross turns around and sees Joey alternately smiling and frowning and just stares at him for a second and heads back inside.)
Joey : What happened? What happened?
Joey : No, look. (Shows him the magazine.)
Joey : I know, I know, but look at the knobs on her. (Ross enters and his hair is a mess.)
Joey : Why?
Joey : Hey, you can stay with us! We'll take care of ya!
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Okay.
Joey : Ross?
Joey : Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't-I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Joey : Hey, all right!
Joey : (To Chandler) You're fake laughing too, right?
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Nothing.
Joey : (smiles) Kinda.
Joey : Dude, you should've gone out once and a while.
Joey : Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
Joey : Sorry. (Joey starts playing with a toy alligator and has it attack him.)
Joey : Ahhhhhhhhhh... (Notices Ross looking at him and stops. Ross gives him his 'quiet down' maneuver. Okay, this may take a while to explain, so center this on you screen and place your hands about a foot apart with your fingers together and pointing straight up. Now take you fingers and point them at the other hand and making a 90-degree angle with each of your hands and the first knuckle counting up from the wrist. Now take your right hand, no your other right (that was for the dyslexics), and lower it a couple of inches, so that the fingers are pointing at your wrist. Now take your arms and keeping the elbows bent and your hands in front of you spread out your arms, kinda like making a bird's wing. Now hunch your shoulders over and move you hands up and down as if you are trying to tell some one to turn it down. That's Ross 'quiet down' maneuver. Well, there is an accompanying face, but I don't want to try and describe it as well.)
Joey : Hey! Wanna play some foosball? Please?
Joey : No-no, no! We have to move the table into my room, yeah! 'Cause of all the boxes. Come on! (They go into his bedroom.)
Joey : All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this? (Imitates Ross's 'quiet down' maneuver, but does move his hands up and down he just flaps his hands as if he's waving good-bye.)
Joey : No, the quiet down thing!
Joey : Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
Joey : All right, I guess I can hold out a little longer. Let's have a game.
Joey : YES!!
Joey : Um-hmm. Commercial Break
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : You guys got anything to eat? I just went down to Johnos for some chicken and it was closed!
Joey : Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!
Joey : Umm, yum! (There's a knock on the door and Monica answers it.)
Joey : Mine! (He grabs it.)
Joey : Oh that's mine too! (Grabs it and Ross looks at him.) I'm Italian!
Joey : But it's available now! Isn't it?
Joey : Hey, let's go look at it! (They both jump up.)
Joey : Okay!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Somebody was using his head. Hey, let's check out the rest of the place. (They don't move, just look all around them.)
Joey : But hey, Ross, this place is available now!
Joey : Yeah. (He looks at them.)
Joey : Oh, it's perfect!
Joey : He knew we were trying to get rid of him. He knew! (Pause.) You think we could get a bathtub in our kitchen?
Joey : Maybe, maybe we did a good thing, helping Ross get back on his feet!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Yeah! (Pause.)
Joey : I don't know. Maybe pizza?
Joey : Oh! Oh! (The phone rings and Joey answers it.)
Joey : Hello! (Listens.) Oh yeah! (To Chandler) It's the apartment manager; Ross put us down as references. (To the apartment manager.) Ross is the greatest guy you'll ever meet! Yeah, he's very reliable.
Joey : (getting up) Dude, I'm telling ya! I'm fine! (He tries to take a step and falls flat on his face.) (He tries to get up again and starts falling backwards and Chandler catches him.)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : You're kidding!
Joey : But you can't stay with Phoebe, Ross! We're-we're roomies!
Joey : Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there (Points to where the window is but sees that there isn't any space there and points towards his door.) by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!
Joey : Definitely!
Joey : All right!
Joey : I need something sweet.
Joey : Ooh-ooh, I! I am thankful for this beautiful fall we've been having.
Joey : Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs.
Joey : I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
Joey : Oh, come on! I wanna hear it! It wouldn't be Thanksgiving without Chandler bumming us out!
Joey : Man, it must be so cool remembering stuff like that! I don't have any past life memories.
Joey : Hey, it's not like it sounds.
Joey : (muffled) Hello?
Joey : Phoebe?
Joey : Look. (He walks out of the bathroom with his head stuck in a huge turkey.)
Joey : I know! It's stuck!!!
Joey : I put it on to scare Chandler!
Joey : Well then help me get it off! Plus, it smells really bad in here.
Joey : It's Joey.
Joey : I can't! It-it's stuck!
Joey : Sorry! Sorry. (They get into position to pull the turkey off.)
Joey : (pointing) It worked! I scared ya, I knew it! Ha-ha!
Joey : (turning all the way around, and still not facing Chandler) Yeah, you are! (Starts dancing.) I scared you! Present Day
Joey : Hey, I wasn't the only one who looked like an idiot. All right? Remember when Ross tried to say, "Butternut squash?" And it came out, "Squatternut buash?"
Joey : You're a dork. [Cut to the hallway, Chandler is standing in front of his door.]
Joey : Yeah, they're mine.
Joey : I don't know uhh... (Pause as he thinks about it.) Well, I'm Joey. Yeah, I'm disgusting, I take my underwear off in other people's homes.
Joey : (reluctantly taking them) Chandler? A word. (Follows Joey into their apartment and shrugs on his way out.) [Cut to the guy's apartment.]
Joey : That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! (Realizes he still has the underwear in his hand.) Ahh! (Throws them towards Chandler's room.) And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Joey : Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! (To Monica) Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and (He puts his leg on the chair and pulls up his pants leg to reveal that he now has shaved legs.)
Joey : Yeah, it was! All right, listen, I can't...
Joey : Oh-oh, yeah-yeah, I bet all the sex makes it easier!
Joey : All right! But, (To Monica) you do it with me once.
Joey : Didn't think so. Opening Credits
Joey : Hey, Pheebs!
Joey : What's wrong buddy?
Joey : I'm surprised you didn't go home wearing your lunch.
Joey : So you uh, still wondering?
Joey : You're smart. I like that. (He goes to open the door to his apartment, but finds it locked. As he's getting out his keys, Chandler and Monica quickly jump up from making out in the living room and run to Chandler's bedroom. The apartment has about 20 candles burning all over the place. Joey opens the door and ushers Cynthia in.)
Joey : Oh no-no-no-no, wait-wait-wait!!
Joey : Hiya.
Joey : I'm Joey. I mean, I'm disgusting. I make low-budget adult films. (Points at Chandler, angrily.) Commercial Break
Joey : You guys promised you'd be more careful! I mean, come on! The good Joey name is being dragged through the mud here!
Joey : Well, I'm telling everyone about you! That's the only way to explain the underwear and the video camera that doesn't make me look like a pig!
Joey : Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
Joey : Well, get ready to come out of the non-gay closet!
Joey : All right. Hey, but it better make me look really, really good. (Starts for his room.) Oh, and another thing, the video camera? Nice!!
Joey : Oh no-no-no! No-no-no-no-no-no-no!
Joey : No! I am not a pervert! Okay? It's just... I just... Kinda...
Joey : Thank you!
Joey : What?!! (He turns around and stares at Chandler who's silently pleading with Joey to go along with it.) No I'm not!!
Joey : No! No! I am not a sex addict!
Joey : No it isn't! No, it's not. Because you can also explain it with the truth!
Joey : (thinking) I slept with Monica.
Joey : Uh yes, but it was, we just did it once uh, in London.
Joey : Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
Joey : Ahh-oy! That was the underwear I was wearing that night in London. Right Monica?
Joey : No! If anyone's a sex addict here, it's Monica! Yeah. Yeah. She has been trying to get me back in the sack ever since London!
Joey : That makes sense!
Joey : Uhh, Monica?
Joey : But sadly I could not be enticed.
Joey : Well, I think we've all learned something about who's disgusting and who's not. Eh? All right, now, I'm going to get back to my bucket. I'm only eating the skin, so the chicken's up for grabs. (Offers it to everyone.) Ending Credits
Joey : What are you doing?
Joey : Why are you doing this?
Joey : Dude, you just described seven days worth of stuff. You've got to spread it out a little, you know. Haven't you ever been unemployed?
Joey : Hey, don't get religious on me, ok. (Ross looks a little confused.) A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here...sit down. (Ross sits down.) Ready? (Joey flips the foot rest up.) Ahh!! (He reclines the chair fully.) Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Joey : Ohh, no, no. We're not going to just sit. (Joey sits down and hits the speed dial button on the phone.) Shhh. (It begins to ring.)
Joey : (In a high pitched female voice) Hello Mr. Bing...I love you.
Joey : But, I love you.
Joey : And that's Wednesday. (He reclines in his chair.) Ohh. Opening Credits
Joey : So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
Joey : How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.
Joey : She's a woman!
Joey : (Very discouraged) Okay, is there anything else?
Joey : That part was perfect for me! I can't believe I didn't get it!
Joey : Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it? (Ross just stares at him until he figures it out.)
Joey : Wait a second, I could star in it!
Joey : I can't write! Y'know I mean I-I-I'm an actor, I don't have the discipline that takes, y'know? I can't do it.
Joey : Really? You'd-you'd do that for me?!
Joey : Thanks!
Joey : Done!
Joey : It's not.
Joey : (disappointed) Oh.
Joey : Hey, how do you spell suspicious?
Joey : Because I think this character is going to be suspicious about stuff. (Chandler makes it into the bowl.)
Joey : You're driving me crazy with that!
Joey : Don't stop! Move the bowl further away! Ross could make that shot! (Chandler slides the bowl to the far end of the counter. He tries again, but he hits the spoon to hard and the ball goes flying away.)
Joey : Well, you suck! But at least you suck at a man's game now.
Joey : Chandler, I can't be playing games, Ross is gonna be home soon. And I have to write five whole pages if I'm gonna stick to his schedule.
Joey : (jumping up) All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?
Joey : All right, all we need is a little lighter fluid.
Joey : Yeah, I think we said good-bye to that when we invented hammer darts.
Joey : Uh yeah, right here. (He punches his fist through the wall next to the door.)
Joey : Yeah, that's the uh, game we were playing.
Joey : You're right, you're right, I'll get back to work.
Joey : Hey! (He tries to fire a burnt tennis ball into the bowl Chandler is standing by, but Ross grabs the ball away from him.)
Joey : (To Chandler) I didn't finish my five pages.
Joey : Yesterday's pages did not reflect my best work.
Joey : Dude, if you think Fireball's relaxing, you've obviously have never played.
Joey : Come on look guys, don't fight.
Joey : Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
Joey : Oh, y'know the same thing happened to me one time.
Joey : Don't you remember when we were jogging in the park and we saw that really pretty bird and wanted to take a picture-I didn't have my camera!
Joey : Yeah, wow, sorry Rach.
Joey : They're brother and sister!!!
Joey : (entering) Hey guys! I was at the library all morning and I already finished my five pages for today!
Joey : No dude, Ross tore up the tickets!
Joey : Yeah, well, that's fine, but the important thing is that I finished it. And uh, I think it's really good, but y'know it'd really help me is if I could hear it. So would you guys read it for me?
Joey : Okay. (Reading.) "It's a typical New York City apartment. Two guys are hanging out." Ross (Points to him.) (Ross and Chandler start to read Joey's script aloud.)
Joey : Oh no! No-no, keep reading! The good part's coming up. Keep going.
Joey : A handsome man enters. (Playing the part of the handsome man.) Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, (Ross) you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you (Chandler) well you co-created Fireball. The end.
Joey : No-no, this only took five minutes. I spent the rest of the day coming up with new, Ultimate Fireball. (Takes out a bowling ball and a propane torch.) Ha-ha! Ending Credits
Joey : (Reading the scene set up.) Okay, it's a typical New York City apartment. Two girls are just hanging out. (Monica and Rachel begin to read from the script.)
Joey : All right! Here we go! 1999! The year of Joey!
Joey : What's the matter?!
Joey : All right, I'll take care of it.
Joey : Ross! Ross! Ross, listen! Who are you kissing at midnight, huh? Rachel or Phoebe?
Joey : Well you gotta kiss someone, you can't kiss your sister.
Joey : Chandler.
Joey : Dude-dude, who would you rather have kiss your sister, me or Chandler?
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Okay, great!
Joey : Pheebs! Pheebs! Ross wants to kiss you at midnight!
Joey : Rach! Rach! Listen, I'm gonna kiss you at midnight.
Joey : So? Who would you rather have kiss you, me or Chandler?
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : So did that do anything for ya? (Rachel slowly walks away.) Opening Credits
Joey : All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
Joey : Well, y'know those special skills I have listed on my resume? I would love it would be great if one of those was true.
Joey : Really? Who-who have you taught?
Joey : Yeah that'd be great! Thanks Pheebs!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Nice!! Yeah! Is that part of your resolution, your new thing for today?
Joey : You all right Chandler? Is there something funny about that name?
Joey : Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny I'd bet! (Chandler is straining to keep quiet as Phoebe enters.)
Joey : See ya! All right Pheebs, I am ready for my first lesson.
Joey : Umm, okay.
Joey : Hey, Pheebs! Check-check this out. (Holds up his hand in one of Phoebe's chords.)
Joey : Yeah listen so, I thought I was getting better, so on my way home today I stopped by this guitar store and...
Joey : No.
Joey : Yes!
Joey : Yeah! (Chandler bangs the table in frustration.)
Joey : You look like a freak.
Joey : Well, everyone will enjoy my music as well. (Does a chord and Monica starts taking pictures of him and Phoebe. They both start to strike a pose with the excessive amount of pictures that Monica takes.)
Joey : Yes! Yes, I did.
Joey : (thinks) (quietly) G-sharp.
Joey : What?! I didn't touch a guitar!
Joey : No, I'm not questioning it, I'm saying it's stupid! (Notices Monica standing between them and smiling.) What?! (The camera clicks, taking another picture.)
Joey : Your other student, was you!
Joey : (looking in the Yellow Pages) Look, maybe I need to try a real teacher! Right here! Here! Andy Cooper, he teaches guitar and look ooh, there's a nice picture of him with a little kid and THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!!!!!! (Storms out.)
Joey : (answering phone) Hello?
Joey : Uhh, Chandler's not here.
Joey : Okay.
Joey : Nice!
Joey : Oh. That is quite a situation. Uh, do you see any like, powder?
Joey : Good-good, okay, sprinkle some of that on your legs, it'll absorb some of the moisture and then you can get your pants back up.
Joey : Umm, do you see any-oh, Vaseline?
Joey : Yeah, sure, spread some of that on there.
Joey : Ross? You okay?
Joey : Really?! Uhh, what color is it?
Joey : Well, I'm just-if the paste matches the pants, you can make yourself a pair of paste pants and she won't know the difference!
Joey : (To Ross) Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out. (He hangs up the phone and strands Ross in the bathroom.)
Joey : Oh well, you're timing couldn't be better. I am putting out fires all over the place.
Joey : What-what is it, what is it?
Joey : Oh no, no-no-no-no! I don't want to know!
Joey : I don't care, Rach! Look, I am tired of being the guy who knows all the secrets but can't tell anyone!
Joey : And you're not supposed to be gossiping!!
Joey : I'm not listening to you! (Chandler seeing that Joey has his eyes closed sneaks over and picks up the chicken. The chicken starts flapping it's wings in protest as Chandler holds the chicken inches from Joey's face. Joey stops yelling and upon opening his eyes sees the chicken, screams, and falls to the ground in horror.)
Joey : Hey, Pheebs?
Joey : Look, Pheebs, I just, I wanna apologize for, for saying that your method was stupid and-and maybe ask you to be my teacher again. And-and I promise, I won't touch a guitar until you say I'm ready. (After a short pause she hands him her guitar.) You really think I'm ready?
Joey : Wow! Cool! (He takes the guitar, stands up, and goes to play a note. However, while strumming it, he knocks it out of his hands and it bounces off the table and lands on the floor. Phoebe just stares at the guitar.)
Joey : (sitting back down) Was the chord at least right...
Joey : Howdy partner!
Joey : Umm?
Joey : Oh, no! (Starts that screaming thing again. Rachel stops him by pulling his fingers out of his ears.)
Joey : Well, then it wouldn't be a secret. So yeah, that would be okay. Yeah. Yeah!
Joey : Now? You want me to go over there now?
Joey : Do you know something?
Joey : I might know something.
Joey : What's the thing you know?
Joey : I can't tell you what I know.
Joey : Okay, fine. (Silence ensues.)
Joey : You don't know!
Joey : (gasps) YOU KNOW!!!!
Joey : Yeah, I know!!!!
Joey : Too long! Oh my God, Rach, I've been dying to talk to someone about this for so long! Listen, listen, we can't say anything about this to anybody, they're so weird about that! Listen... (Phoebe returns and interrupts them.) Joey and
Joey : Oh, I am going to go for a walk in the rain.
Joey : Rach, I told you everything I knew last night! Look, it's not that big of a deal, so Monica and Chandler are doing it.
Joey : Sorry. Monica and Chandler are making love.
Joey : (thinks) I don't know.
Joey : I don't know.
Joey : (thinks) I don't know.
Joey : Ohh, I know one thing!
Joey : They did it right there on the couch. (He points to where she's sitting and she jumps up quickly.) Opening Credits
Joey : Hey Ross!
Joey : (eyeing the flattened scone) Anybody gonna eat that?
Joey : (entering from his room) All right! Everybody ready to go to the movies?
Joey : Really?
Joey : Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Joey : All right, let's go Pheebs.
Joey : Maybe we should check the trash chute.
Joey : That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there. (Ross enters.)
Joey : (snaps his fingers) He hooked up! He hooked up with someone.
Joey : He hooked up!! Tell us about her! [Suddenly the door opens and Ross's mystery girl enters. I'll give you a hint to who it
Joey : All right, hold on! Hold on. Hold on. This is Ross, okay? He's our friend. He obviously went crazy. He obviously lost his mind.
Joey : Phoebe! Don't put ideas in his head!
Joey : Damnit Phoebe!!
Joey : All right, put your 20 bucks down. First one to find the tasty treat wins. Okay?
Joey : All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket that's over the duck and the laundry basket that's over the chicken.) And they're off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick, stopping it from moving.)
Joey : Judge rules, no violation.
Joey : Yeah! (Neither of them turns around from watching the chick and the duck look for the tasty treat.)
Joey : What?!
Joey : And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
Joey : Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : (entering) Hey Rach! Hey, you mind if I read my comic books in here?
Joey : Oh well, Chandler and Monica are over there and it's kinda hard to concentrate.
Joey : Umm, hi.
Joey : Chandler, if it really hurts that bad you should just tell her.
Joey : Whoa, dude, look out! You almost crushed my hat! (He picks a hat up from the floor. It's one of those magician stovepipe hats.)
Joey : Oh! Yeah, look there's this play all right? And I'm up for the part of this real cool like suave international guy. A real clothes horse. So I figure that everyone at the audition is gonna be wearing this kinda y'know, ultra-hip, high fashion stuff.
Joey : Yeah, like you could find something as sophisticated as this. (Chandler picks up a basket from the table and puts it on his head.)
Joey : Great! Thanks, Rach!
Joey : All right. (Both of them remove their hats as Phoebe enters.)
Joey : Are you all right?
Joey : Pheebs! Sorry!
Joey : Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Joey : All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.
Joey : Really? A purse?
Joey : It looks like a women's purse.
Joey : See look, women, carrying the bag. (He puts it on his shoulder and looks at himself in the mirror and likes what he sees.) But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
Joey : Maybe you need sex. I had sex a couple days ago.
Joey : Well, I ain't gonna say no to that.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Joey : Yeah, but sandwich time is right now. (Removes a sandwich and starts eating.)
Joey : Why would I return it? I love this bag!
Joey : Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? (He's holding the fake credit cards that come with the bag.)
Joey : All right relax, look I'll pay you with the money from the acting job I am definitely gonna get thanks to you.
Joey : U-N-I-sexy? (Smiles provocatively.)
Joey : Hey Pheebs, I'm so sorry.
Joey : Here, I brought you some flowers. (He pulls them out of the bag.)
Joey : (approaches, wearing his glasses) Hey you guys, check it out. Check it out. (Moves his hand towards and away from his face.) It's like it's coming right at me. (Chandler helps out a little bit by pushing on Joey's arm, which causes his hand to slap him in his face.) Commercial Break
Joey : What did you say to him?
Joey : (entering, with bag) Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
Joey : Y'know what? Make fun all you want. This is a great bag! Okay? And it's as handy as it is becoming. Now, just because you don't understand something, doesn't make it wrong. All right? So from now on you guys are gonna have to get used to the fact that Joey, (pats the bag) comes with a bag! (Exits.)
Joey : (reading from the script) Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink. The Casting
Joey : Yeah, sure. (He takes it off and starts reading.) Well, you must be new here. Maybe we should-I'm sorry, can I ask you something? (He stops and asks a question.) The Casting
Joey : Well, first it's not a purse. The Casting
Joey : I mean if-if you're thinking it's a woman's bag, it's not. It's a man's bag! The Casting
Joey : All right look, let me show you the catalog! (Does so.) See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them! The Casting
Joey : Noooo. No-no-no, these babies sell themselves. The Casting
Joey : Yeah but I didn't read anything. The Casting
Joey : Okay! All right, I'll see ya. (As he's walking off stage.) (Patting the bag.) We got it! We got it!
Joey : (dejected) Hi.
Joey : Estelle said I didn't get it. (Sits down next to Rachel on the couch.)
Joey : Yeah, I thought so too but, she said the casting people had some problems with me.
Joey : Well to tell you the truth, they uh, (Pause) they had a problem with the bag!
Joey : Y'know what? It was a stupid play anyway!
Joey : I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? (She's avoiding his eyes.) Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Joey : I can't believe I'm hearing this!
Joey : Hey, yeah! Then we could do that telephone thing! Y'know, you have a can, we have a can and it's connected by a string!
Joey : (entering) Hey guys!
Joey : What? What?
Joey : You mean how they're friends and nothing more? (Glares at Rachel.)
Joey : Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Joey : No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
Joey : I can't take any...
Joey : Noo! I can't take any more secrets! (To Rachel) I've got your secrets. I've got their secrets. I got secrets of my own y'know!
Joey : Oh yeah? Well, you don't know about Hugsy, my bedtime penguin pal. (Joey shies away.)
Joey : Ugh.
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : Well I didn't tell them!
Joey : Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.
Joey : And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Joey : I'm sorry! But hey, it's over now, right? Because you can tell them that you know they know and I can go back to knowing absolutely nothing!
Joey : No! Not unless! Look this must end now!
Joey : I'm listening.
Joey : So he likes to break stuff.
Joey : Yeah, poor cat, never saw that big butt coming.
Joey : No.
Joey : They know you know.
Joey : I couldn't even if I wanted too.
Joey : (looking out the window) Hey-hey, check it out! Check it out! Ugly Naked Guy has a naked friend! (They all run over to the window.)
Joey : (entering the hall) Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?! I wanna sit in my chair!
Joey : Ooh!
Joey : I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.)
Joey : It's not my first time. [Cut to the bathroom.]
Joey : Dude!
Joey : All right! So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
Joey : (panicking) Dude! He's right there!
Joey : Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? (Ross turns and glares at him.) Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister. Opening Credits
Joey : (quickly) I call Godfather!
Joey : Sure, if you cared enough to call it first.
Joey : (to her) Oh, hey Katie! Everyone, this is Katie.
Joey : So, are you ready to go?
Joey : Oh sure, right back there. (Points.)
Joey : I was thinking Chinese food.
Joey : I don't know. I mean I like her a lot, and she's really nice, but...
Joey : (shyly) She keeps punching me. (They all laugh.)
Joey : Hey, it's a lot harder than it looks! Okay? (Quietly) She-she-she's hurting me.
Joey : (sets the coffee down) Y'know, breadstick fangs are always funny.
Joey : Uhh, look Katie, uh listen, we-we need to talk. Okay? Umm, look I like you. I-I really do, I like you a lot. Okay? But sometimes when you, when you playfully punch me like that it-it feels like someone's hitting me with a very tiny but very real bat.
Joey : Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Absolutely.
Joey : No-no.
Joey : Yeah, big! (Monica enters.)
Joey : Uh-oh, shht! The Misses.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Thanks! I've been working out. Hey listen, is it obvious that I'm wearing six sweaters?
Joey : Well look, I'm breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Joey : Hey! Hiya!
Joey : Huh.
Joey : Uhh....
Joey : Nah. (She looks at Rachel and storms out. After she's left Joey hugs Rachel in thanks.)
Joey : What a bad idea!
Joey : She's right y'know.
Joey : Hey Ross, will you pass me that knife?
Joey : Oh, it's okay. You don't have to be so mean about it.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : What are you guys doing up?
Joey : (thinks) Dark red.
Joey : Aww, you guys are so cute!
Joey : All right, I'll see you in the morning. Chandler and
Joey : Aww, me too. Now let's finish this and go to bed. Dream
Joey : Cat. Dream
Joey : I love you too. (They hug.) [Cut back to Joey in bed, he's smiling, enjoying the dream as he wakes up. Suddenly, he realized what he was dreaming about and bolts upright in bed.] Opening Credits
Joey : (entering) Hey, you guys!
Joey : (To Monica) Hey. That uh, that my sweatshirt?
Joey : Well uh, it's just that uh, y'know if-if you're gonna be wearing someone's sweatshirt shouldn't it be your boyfriends--and I'm not him.
Joey : No-no! No! I mean it's gonna be all smelling like Monica!
Joey : No! No, you smell like a meadow. (Pause.) I'm sorry. (Runs to the bathroom.)
Joey : (To Phoebe) Hey! (Sees that Monica's there.) Oh.
Joey : Yeah, I didn't know you guys were going to be here.
Joey : (backing away) What?! Why?!
Joey : Nothing!
Joey : All right! There is something. I kinda had a dream, (pause) but I don't want to talk about it. (Starts for his room.)
Joey : Well, it involved Monica.
Joey : Don't worry, there wasn't any sex in it or anything. I haven't dreamt about her like that since I found out about you two--ish.
Joey : Well, okay. You were my girlfriend and we were doing the crossword puzzle. Y'know like you guys were doing last night. So, that's it. I'm in love with Monica and I'll be moving out.
Joey : It-it doesn't?
Joey : That kinda sounds like your dream dude.
Joey : In the dream I did enjoy the closeness.
Joey : (looks at her) Not really.
Joey : No, I don't think it's just about just getting a girlfriend. Y'know? I mean, yeah, I can get a girlfriend! Yeah, we could sit in the chair and do crosswords, but y'know are we ever going to have y'know the closeness like-like you guys have?
Joey : Friends first? That's interesting.
Joey : No, never done that either.
Joey : (in a sexy voice) How you doin'? (Rachel is stunned.) Commercial Break
Joey : Oh, I'd love too, but I got acting class. But y'know what? I guess I can blow that off, (In a sexy voice) for you. (He starts staring at her longingly.)
Joey : Uh, hey, Rach let me ask you something. Uh, I was just over there talking to Monica and Chandler, boy they are really tight.
Joey : Yeah that's not such a bad situation they got going over there. I'm thinking of getting me one of those.
Joey : Well, the reason I think Monica and Chandler are so great...
Joey : ...is because they were friends first. Y'know? So I asked myself, "Who are my friends?" You and Phoebe, and I saw you first. So...
Joey : I'm saying maybe you and I crank it up a notch.
Joey : I'll treat you real nice. (Pulls out a chair for her.)
Joey : Won't-won't that take longer?
Joey : Yeah. I understand. I understand. (Pause) Man, I wish I saw Phoebe first!
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Yeah, yeah, I met this woman. (Starts for his room.)
Joey : Uhh, well, she's...really good in bed.
Joey : (To Rachel) Well look, hey, it's all your fault!
Joey : Well because you didn't give me advice! No! You gave me a pickup line! As soon as I told her I wanted to y'know, build a foundation and be friends first. I suddenly, through no fault of my own, became irresistible to her! (Pause) And her roommate!
Joey : Closeness-shmoshness! There was three of us for crying out loud!
Joey : (entering) All right! Hey, who wants pizza?!
Joey : (taking a bite) Oh, great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor? (They all throw their pieces back as there is a knock on the door.)
Joey : Oh my God!
Joey : Uhh, just a minute officer!! (He throws his piece back in the box, runs into the living room, looks for a place to hide the pizza, finds one, slides the box under the couch, sits down on the table, and tries to quickly chew the food in his mouth.)
Joey : Nice!
Joey : Boy, that guy's underwear sucks!
Joey : I got this pair marked excess, I gotta tell ya, there was no room for excess anything in there.
Joey : That's right Ross, I can see you in your new apartment! And you can see me! Same as yesterday, (To Monica) same as the day before.
Joey : Nope. Op, wait! There he goes. (We see Ross through the window and he acts like a swimmer that gets attacked by a shark, picture one of the many, many, many Jaws movies they made and you get the idea.)
Joey : (waving) Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. (Notices that a woman is waving back.) Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. (She just stares at him.) (Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Joey : Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. (He turns back to the woman.) Okay, here goes. (Thinks.) How (Holds up his hand like an Indian) you (Points at her) a-doin'? (Does a little twisting motion with both hands and ends up pointing at her, he then winks. She smiles and waves again.) (To Monica) It worked! She's waving me over. (Towards the woman.) Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor...
Joey : Tell me about it, huh? (Realizes that she can see Monica.) Oh no-no-no, I'm not with her, she's just Monica! (He pantomimes that out.) Ewwuck! (He pushes Monica away and makes a disgusted face.)
Joey : This is your place?
Joey : But I counted, you're not supposed to live here! Oh man! (Runs away.)
Joey : Ugh!!
Joey : I ended up at Ross's place. Oh, I musta missed counted or something. (Looks out the window.) Damn! She's not there anymore. Oh, l-l-look, Ross is doing his 'Watching TV' bit. (We see Ross sitting on the couch and flipping through the channels on his remote.)
Joey : Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
Joey : What happened?
Joey : You kissed him?!
Joey : I bet that kiss isn't looking like such a big mistake now, is it?
Joey : Yeah! (Chandler makes a noise) No?
Joey : Oh Rachel look, don't say that, I think you just need a hug from Joey. Come on. Come on. (She hugs him and Joey looks out the window.) She's back! Hot girl's back!
Joey : No, in Ross's building! (He throws Rachel onto the chair and heads to the window.) She's back! She's back! (Pantomimes) Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. (He counts where she is again.) Got it! (Runs out and does a little hot over a chair.)
Joey : Damnit!! Did you move?!
Joey : (Looking around) Uhh do you happen to have a hot girl in there? The Old
Joey : Yeah. Sorry about that. (He walks away and knocks on the next door which is answered by a little girl.) Oh, hey little girl. Uhh, is-is your mommy, or sister, or babysitter by any chance a hot girl? The Little
Joey : Later! (He runs away down the hall and hides behind a corner to a whole other corridor.) Oh man! (Walks down the hallway in desperation.) Hot girl! Hot girl!!
Joey : (entering) Hey guys! (Sees their state of undress) What 'cha been doin'? (Has a silly grin.)
Joey : I don't know. But I can see through your sheet. (He looks out the window.) Yeah, yeah, that's her. But y'know what? Doesn't matter, I'm never gonna get to meet her anyway.
Joey : Because it's impossible to find her apartment! She lives in some like of hot girl parallel universe, or something.
Joey : No. No. No. She lives on the third floor, eighth apartment from the left.
Joey : I did not know that! Thank you Monica. (Starts to leave) I can't believe I almost lost another girl because of counting.
Joey : Dahhhhh!! (Ross has a puzzled look on his face.) No! Noooo!! (Storms off.)
Joey : Okay, pick a card.
Joey : All right now, memorize it. (Pause) You got it?
Joey : (holding up the Queen of Clubs) Is that your card? (He winks and smiles.)
Joey : (reading the card) Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! (Ross gasps) Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! (Ross and Carol stare at him, then Joey realizes what he just said.) I mean, way to go Ben! (Gives Ben the thumbs up, which Ben returns.) Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
Joey : I'm always on the swings! What am I doing wrong?!
Joey : Luck!
Joey : Whoa-whoa, but her birthday isn't like for another month.
Joey : Ross!! We're having a surprise party for Rachel!!
Joey : Done.
Joey : They're gonna do it together.
Joey : What, so I gotta shut it down now?
Joey : Whoa-whoa dad? There's a dad in the commercial?
Joey : Whoa, hey, maybe I'll go down there with ya and see if I can get an audition to play the dad. I mean who better to play Ben's father than his godfather.
Joey : What?! Are you kidding?!
Joey : All right! (As they walk out he motions to Chandler that he is still Ben's godfather.)
Joey : Hey! I'm in, they're gonna let me audition!
Joey : I know! I know! It turns out that one of the casting ladies has actually seen me in a play, so I steered clear of her...
Joey : Oh yeah, yeah! He's done tons of commercials. I've seen him in like Sugar Smacks, Playstation, and that one for the phone company. In fact he was so good in that one, he actually convinced me to switch phone companies. Chandler was mad....
Joey : That's great. Listen, wouldn't it be great though if I got to play Ben's dad?
Joey : I look more like him than you do! (He winks at Carol.)
Joey : (also downtrodden) Yeah, I had to teach Ross my bit because I actually didn't get a callback.
Joey : (Happily) Yeah I did!
Joey : Well, unfortunately, I don't get many callbacks so...
Joey : Who knows? The Casting
Joey : Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Joey : Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Joey : Hey Pheebs! (To the guys) Hey!
Joey : Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
Joey : Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Joey : That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Joey : I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
Joey : What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
Joey : At least I care about his feelings!
Joey : Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn't get it?
Joey : Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
Joey : You just give him a spoon baby!
Joey : Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
Joey : Yeah?! So's yours!
Joey : Hmmm, soup! (Tries again.) Hmm soup! (Tries again, with a little caveman thrown in.) Hmm, soup!
Joey : Oh yeah, no problem.
Joey : (goes over to Ben) Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Joey : (angrily) Ross!
Joey : Hi! The Casting
Joey : Uh-oh. The Casting
Joey : Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup. The Casting
Joey : Oh, what did I say? The Casting
Joey : How's that different? (She looks at him until he gets it.) Oh! Yeah! The Casting
Joey : Hmm, noodle soup. The Casting
Joey : Okay. (They do it again.)
Joey : Hmm, soup. (Pause.) I mean, noodle soup. I mean soup!
Joey : No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! (Eats another spoonful) Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit! (Storms out.)
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Yeah right! (Gets up for a refill to his snow cone.)
Joey : Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup." (Nods his head in disgust.)
Joey : What you do mean?
Joey : Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.
Joey : Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. (Thinks about it.) Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor...
Joey : No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him succeed.
Joey : Thank you! So, did-did he get it?
Joey : Eh, what are you gonna do? Ending Credits
Joey : (entering, with his grandmother) Hey everybody, look who's here! You remember my grandmother!
Joey : Chandler, she doesn't understand a word of English.
Joey : She's my biggest fan. Yeah, she's the only one in the family that's believed in me. (They both start speaking Italian to each other, and since I'm not Italian and don't understand one word, we'll move on to the English portion of the show. Not, that I'm English. Not that there's anything wrong with that, it's just that I'm not. Y'know I think I should shut-up now and move on. Anyhoo, she says something about Joey being fat I think based on this line.)
Joey : Yeah, I uh weighted like 27 pounds when I was born so...
Joey : Wow Pheebs, you speak Italian?
Joey : Okay, see that blind guy right there? I'm gonna bash his head in later. (His grandmother asks him something.)
Joey : Oh umm, my big scene is coming up. Big scene coming up.
Joey : (walking past) True story! (Goes and sits down.)
Joey : Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! (They have two of the cops on the street, then they cut to where they're entering an apartment.) Oh my God.
Joey : (smiling) Okay, everybody just keep smiling. It'll kill my grandmother if she finds out.
Joey : (smiling) Oh, they cut me out of the show.
Joey : (smiling) Not likely.? 'Cause you see that body bag right there
Joey : (smiling) I'm in it. Commercial Break
Joey : (smiling) I don't know. This little, old lady lives for my career. When they dumped me off of Days of Our Lives she almost died.
Joey : (smiling) No, smile! Not that face, smile! Everybody smile! (They all smile.)
Joey : Soon, soon, I'm gonna be on soon. There I am! (Points to the screen, of course it isn't him.) Grandma
Joey : No-no-no, that-that's me, that's me. Grandma
Joey : (To Ross in the kitchen) All right, it's another commercial; I still haven't told her!
Joey : I know, I know! What am I going to do? (Thinks) Ooh!
Joey : (dejected) Yeah, all right. (Thinks of something.) Ooh! (He quickly runs out before anyone can stop him.) Grandma
Joey : (entering) Hey! Is the show still on?
Joey : (says hi to his grandma) Look! Oh! (Pointing out the window.) Is that the Pope?! (Chandler and his grandma turn to look and Joey slips a tape into the VCR.)
Joey : Oh, here I am, here's my big scene! (Joey has made a little home movie that's his big scene. He braces himself against the door to his apartment and while holding a plastic gun and wearing the same sweater says...)
Joey : (on the tape) All right back off! I gotta gun! I'm not afraid to use it! Grandma
Joey : That's right!
Joey : (on the tape) Now, I wanna a suitcase filled with 100,000 dollars. (The duck quacks, to the duck) Choo! Choo! Choo! (To the imaginary cops) Filled with $100,000 in small bills, and if I don't get it...(the duck quacks louder) Choo!! And if I don't get it, (pause, picks up the duck) I'm gonna shoot this duck!
Joey : (on the tape) I'm comin' out! (He opens the door and hops out pointing the gun in all directions and then runs out of view.)
Joey : (to his grandmother) That's uh, scenes from next week's show. Next week's!
Joey : Oh, yeah, good idea. (Ross returns.)
Joey : Ooh, Ross, look! Look! (Points behind Ross.)
Joey : Right over there! Right there! Look-look-look!
Joey : (to the rest of the gang) Somebody help me out here!
Joey : You got to go on a ride along?!
Joey : I want to go on a ride along!
Joey : (returning from a deli) Okay, I got it! This place makes the best sandwich in the world!
Joey : Oh-ho, yeah!
Joey : Yep!
Joey : (dejected) Yeah okay. (To Chandler) Even though my tax dollars paid for this car.
Joey : Yeah, okay. [Time lapse, they're still on the ride along and Joey is just sniffing his sandwich.]
Joey : Did I say you could smell it?!
Joey : Half the taste is in the smell! You-you're sucking up all the tastiness!
Joey : Okay, imagine the best sex you've ever had.
Joey : Are you thinking about Monica?
Joey : Yeah, what's that like?
Joey : Come on man! (To Gary) Listen so uh, are you gonna squeeze the perps shoes a little bit before he lawyers up?
Joey : Oh what? Like your Mr. Cop!
Joey : Yeah, what's up with that Serpico?
Joey : Is everything okay?
Joey : (To Ross) You okay man?
Joey : Hi. Commercial Break
Joey : Yeah, I didn't know that.
Joey : Bye! (They leave as Ross stares in awe at Joey.)
Joey : Cut it out Ross! I hate to have to save your life and kick your ass in the same day!
Joey : Dude! How come you took off?
Joey : Is something wrong?
Joey : Okay.
Joey : That's what this is about! Oh my God, you hate Ross!
Joey : Of course you do! I saved him! You're mad at me! It all adds up! You want Ross out of the picture.
Joey : I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
Joey : Ohh, you're upset because you think I chose Ross over you! No! I...knew...you could take care of yourself. Y'know, I mean Ross, he need help. He's not street like us!
Joey : Well, no, not exactly! All right, look, I, I wasn't trying to save Ross. Okay? My sandwich was next to Ross. All right? I was, I was trying to save my sandwich.
Joey : I know it doesn't make much sense...
Joey : Look Chandler, it was instinct! Okay? I just went for it!
Joey : I know it sounds crazy, but Chandler this is (Goes and picks up the sandwich) the greatest sandwich in the world!
Joey : No! I would never do that! You-you're like my brother!
Joey : Yeah! In fact, to prove how much you mean to me, (He unwraps the sandwich and holds it out for Chandler) here.
Joey : No, eh, oh-oi, easy, it's not a hot dog! (Chandler takes a bite.)
Joey : How good is that?
Joey : See?
Joey : Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!
Joey : Yeah. With a bite! (Takes back the sandwich.) Gee-e-e-eez!
Joey : Yeah, hero sandwiches. (Points at Ross who points back.)
Joey : Hey Ross, is uh, is Staten Island really an island?
Joey : Ohhh. I thought it was like Long Island.
Joey : Hey, what time is it?
Joey : Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Joey : Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
Joey : Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah, my pants are a little loose!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : What the hell is that?!!
Joey : That, is not a cat! {I have to agree with Joey on this one.}
Joey : It's not a cat!
Joey : It's not a cat!
Joey : Uhh, the ball thing.
Joey : Hey Ross, wouldn't it be great if we could go two straight hours without dropping it?!
Joey : Okay! (They throw the ball back and forth once.)
Joey : (catches the ball) Uh-oh.
Joey : I have to pee. And Rachel's in the bathroom! [Cut to Chandler and Joey's, Ross is seen throwing the ball into the bathroom, presumably where Joey is currently using the facilities.]
Joey : Man, I didn't think we were gonna make it!
Joey : Maybe this should be more of a quiet game. {Oh, all right!? Geez, I can't have any fun!}
Joey : Hi!
Joey : I don't know.
Joey : Oh, I don't know.... Yeah, can't do it. (He throws it back to Ross, but it's intercepted by Monica and the guys both scream in horror.)
Joey : Yeah, we haven't dropped it in... (Looks to Ross.)
Joey : Oh, don't worry, it's not a cat.
Joey : That's right baby.
Joey : Oh yeah, that's right!
Joey : Whoa-whoa you guys, it's not a cat!
Joey : I don't know who made you the boss? All right? We (Ross and him) invented this game!
Joey : Did you get your money back?
Joey : Oh hey, here Pheebs. (He throws her the ball.)
Joey : Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
Joey : Uhhh, mine too! Yeah.
Joey : Me too! Me too! Me too! (Yeah, he does the same thing.)
Joey : Yeah, I got too excited! Opening Credits ?
Joey : (entering, depressed) Hey. I just got off the phone with Estelle and guess what. (Pause, then very excitedly) I GOT THE LEAD IN A MOVIE!!!!!!
Joey : It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears... But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Joey : And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! (To Chandler) And you know what that means buddy!
Joey : Road trip! Yeah, we can rent a car! I just have to be there by Tuesday!
Joey : All right! Thanks Pheebs!
Joey : Oh umm, not go.
Joey : I can't decide which route to take to Vegas. Hey, you've traveled a lot right?
Joey : Okay, so-so which route should I take the northern route or the southern route?
Joey : Great! Problem solved!
Joey : Well, back to square one.
Joey : (quickly) Yes!
Joey : Peanut butter!
Joey : A swimmer!
Joey : Monica. Oh... huh, I always thought it would be Rachel.
Joey : Ascot!
Joey : North route!
Joey : Wow! That was incredible! Beard of bees, here I come!
Joey : Hey man, what's up?
Joey : Sure, what do you want to see?
Joey : Oh, I know how we can decide. Phoebe, show him your game!
Joey : I don't know. But hey, I know we can decide. Okay, I'm gonna ask you questions and you answer real quick. Okay?
Joey : What do you like better action or comedy?
Joey : Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel? (Ross pauses and looks at him, Joey motions for him to hurry up.)
Joey : Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot you had that whole Rachel thing.
Joey : Hey! You ready to go?
Joey : Man, I wish Ross was coming with us! Y'know? I'm gonna miss him!
Joey : Uh no, not really. It's an independent film y'know? So we don't have a real big budget. I figured I'd just stay in your room.
Joey : Oh yeah! For every dollar Shutter Speed makes, one penny of it goes right in Joey's pocket.
Joey : Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : You got it!
Joey : Bye-bye!
Joey : Anybody want to say good-bye to me at the car?
Joey : See ya! (Walks out.)
Joey : Man, I'm getting pretty tired. You're might have to take over soon.
Joey : Don't worry, it's out there! (Just then a horn honks and Joey quickly looks at the road.) I think I just need lunch.
Joey : You wanna eat? (Pulls out the twenty) My treat!
Joey : Yeah. Okay. Ross's treat! Where do you wanna eat?
Joey : Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
Joey : Okay, uhh, would you rather be too wet or too dry?
Joey : Do you believe in ghosts, yes or no?
Joey : Is this movie gonna be my big break?
Joey : (shocked) What?!
Joey : Dude you said, "No!"
Joey : You don't think this is going to be a big break for me?
Joey : I don't believe this!
Joey : What are you talking about?! I'm the lead in a movie!
Joey : Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
Joey : Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
Joey : Not if you're gonna be like this!
Joey : Yeah! I don't want you on the trip!
Joey : Fine! (He slams on the brakes, stopping the car on the bridge to the sound of numerous car horns.) Get out!
Joey : Get out!!
Joey : (on a pay phone holding a box) Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
Joey : Let's just say there's a well-dressed pack of dogs in Ohio. Hey Monica listen is-is Phoebe there? I gotta ask her something about the car.
Joey : Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
Joey : Hey-hey! Stanley! Hey-hey! You're leading man is here! Let's get to work.
Joey : Wh-what?! Why?!
Joey : (laughs) You're kidding right?
Joey : What?!
Joey : Uh, hang out?! How long?
Joey : No!
Joey : Yeah. The
Joey : Thanks. (The grip walks away.) (Reading the card.) Congratulations on your big break. (The rest of the crew start to drive away leaving Joey sad, alone, and holding his congratulatory balloons as the song comes up again. La-la-la. See, I've been through the desert on a horse with no name! It felt good to be out of the rain! In the desert you can't remember your name, 'cause there ain't no one for to give you no pain. La-la-la, la, la, la...)
Joey : (on phone from Vegas) Hey Monica, it's Joey!
Joey : Aw, come on! It'll be years before I forget you!
Joey : Uh, well yeah-yeah, I've got all of that going on. Yeah, listen uh, I want you to make sure you tell Chandler that he couldn't have been more wrong! Uh-oh! I gotta go Monica, my uh, my sushi's here! [Cut to Joey hanging up the phone in Vegas. He's wearing a Roman gladiator's uniform and goes over to join a family to pose for a picture. You see, he's apparently taken a job at Caesar's Palace.]
Joey : (to the family) Sorry about that. Thanks for waitin'. The
Joey : Everybody smile! (The picture is taken) Okay, thanks a lot! Enjoy your stay at Caesar's! We hope it's toga-rrific! (The family leaves.) Kill me. Kill me now. Ending Credits ?
Joey : Hey Pheebs! Listen, uh can you do me a favor? I forgot the pin number to my ATM card can, can you get it for me?
Joey : Uh, I scratched it on the ATM machine down on the corner.
Joey : That's it! Thanks Pheebs! [Cut to Monica and Rachel's]
Joey : No! (She nods no to Chandler) Because he didn't believe in my movie! Which is a big mistake because it is real! Real! A Casino
Joey : Uhh, my stunt double. Yeah, and y'know, he's getting a little too familiar for my tastes.
Joey : Uhh Pheebs, I heard that. Can you put him on? [Cut to Phoebe]
Joey : Don't come out here! [Cut to Chandler]
Joey : I got that! I forgive ya! Don't come out here! [Cut to Chandler]
Joey : Well, I'm totally over it Chandler. Friends forever! Don't come out here! A
Joey : Uh, Entertainment Tonight. [Cut to Chandler] Yeah, okay so, good talking to ya and don't come out here. All right. (Hangs up the phone and poses for that picture.) Opening Credits ?
Joey : Hi!
Joey : What-what are you guys doing here? I thought I told you not to come.
Joey : Uhh, because I'm shooting a scene right now. Yeah, I uh, I play a gladiator. Uh, y'know what? Hold-hold on a second. (To no one in particular) Can we cut? Yeah, my-my friends are here, I'm gonna take a little break.
Joey : They uh director. Uhh, her. (Points to an old woman standing behind him. Who glares at him and walks off.) All right, all right, it's not a gladiator movie. I work here.
Joey : Well, the movie got shutdown because they ran out of money, so I'm working here 'til it starts up again, if it ever does.
Joey : Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell ya. (To Chandler) I'm sorry man.
Joey : Yeah, what-what's going on?
Joey : Dawson?!
Joey : Aww, there we go.
Joey : Ooh, so close.
Joey : Whoa! Whoa! Guys! Please! Come on! Come on! This is obviously just a big misunderstanding.
Joey : Hey-hey don't look at me! I just work here! (Walks away.)
Joey : Hey, y'know in Roman times this was more than just a hat.
Joey : Yeah, sure! Sure! They would uh, they would scrub the floors with it! They would use it to get the mud off their shoe. And sometimes underneath the horse would get dirty so they would stick it right...
Joey : All right well, I'll take you someplace nice then. Look! A guy tipped me a hundred bucks today.
Joey : Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
Joey : Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Joey : Chandler! I don't need luck. I have thought this through!
Joey : (to the dealer) Can I change a hundred? (He hands him his chip.) Blackjack
Joey : (betting all 100) Let's ride. Blackjack
Joey : Hit me! (He does so.) Ohh man! (Joey busts and loses all the money, but when the dealer starts to collect the cards Joey notices something.) Wait! (He holds his hand next to the dealer's hand.) [Cut to Chandler's room, Joey is relaying to Chandler his amazing discovery.]
Joey : Chandler! You are not gonna believe this! I have found my identical hand twin!
Joey : My identical hand twin!
Joey : What's it sound like? It's a guy with my identical hands! It was incredible! Chandler, the dealer's hands were exactly like me! It-it was like looking at my hands in a mirror!
Joey : Don't you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Joey : Look, I don't have it all worked out yet, but it's gotta mean big money! Come on! Identical hands!
Joey : This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand (Holds up his left hand) twice? Huh?
Joey : Hey, are you unsupporting me again?
Joey : Pheebs!!
Joey : I found my identical hand twin!
Joey : (entering) Hey-hey-hey you made it!
Joey : All right! Hey-hey!
Joey : Who's your friend? He's hot! (Ross laughs and Rachel smacks him with her purse.)
Joey : No, don't be sorry. I don't need it anymore. I found my identical hand twin!
Joey : My identical hand twin! The person whose hands are exactly like mine! This thing is a gold mine!
Joey : Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
Joey : (entering) Uhh, hey. Where's the other guy? The Woman
Joey : He's kinda tall, dark hair, hand looks exactly like this. (Holds up his hand.) See? The Woman
Joey : Okay! (Walks away, then turns back.) How you doin'? The Woman
Joey : Right! Okay. (Heads for the bathroom.)
Joey : Oh-oh-oh, yeah! (He grabs some towels and takes them to him.) That's right, you take good care of those babies! Joey's Hand
Joey : It's me, Joey! Joey's Hand
Joey : (holds up his hand) Joey! Joey's Hand
Joey : Okay, so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?! Joey's Hand
Joey : Look, you and I have been given a gift. Okay? We have to do something with it. Like-like, hand modeling! Huh? Or-or magic! And you know NASA's gonna wanna talk to us! Joey's Hand
Joey : (stopping him) Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa-whoa! We could have our own show! Y'know we could clap our hands together people will love it! Huh? And-and-and I wrote a song for us! (Singing, to the tune of This Land is Your Land) This hand is your hand! This hand is my hand! Oh wait, that's your hand! No wait, it's my hand! Joey's Hand
Joey : (following him) But you haven't even heard the chorus!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Hi!
Joey : Look-look-look you guys, I need some help! Okay? Someone is going to have to convince my hand twin to cooperate!
Joey : Yeah! I'm fine! Thanks! (He starts to leave, but gets an idea and stops.) Hey Rach, how you doin'?
Joey : Ross, don't let her drink anymore! (Exits)
Joey : (sitting down) Ahhh! (Slides his hands across the table.) Joey's Hand
Joey : No-no, I don't really have any money. Not yet, anyway... (Shakes his hands.) Joey's Hand
Joey : (throws down a small wad of money, and as his hand twin starts to unfold it, Joey once again brings attention to their special gift to the world. {Y'know, looking at it now, they really don't have that similar of hands. Joey's are bigger.}) Ooh-ho-ho! (The dealer stares at him and he stops.)
Joey : Hit me! (He does so.)
Joey : Uhh, Ms. Phalange, may I ask you a question as an impartial person at-at this table? Joey's Hand
Joey : Wouldn't you pay good money to see these identical hands showcased in some type of a uh, entertainment venue? Joey's Hand
Joey : Me?! Oh come on, man! You can't do this! Come on! (Being dragged out by the guard) I'm your hand twin!!
Joey : (entering with Phoebe) Come on Pheebs! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry! Hurry!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Ross and Rachel left us a message saying they were getting married! Isn't that why you guys are here?
Joey : Well! What happened?! Did we miss it?
Joey : Mornin' Pheebs. (Sits down.) Well, my movie has officially been canceled.
Joey : Nah, I'm too depressed to eat. I'll probably eat in like 5 minutes. So I guess I'll just fly home with you guys, what time's your flight?
Joey : I don't need that anymore.
Joey : I don't want to drive all the way back by myself, I get so lonely. (Gets an idea.) Oh-ooh! How about you come with me?
Joey : It'll be great! We-we could talk, and play games! Huh? This could be our chance to like renew our friendship.
Joey : Sure?
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Where is the waitress?! I'm starving!
Joey : Oh, here's where I win all my money back! (Gets up and heads for the buffet table with Chandler in tow.)
Joey : Sure! What's up? (He grabs a plate and proceeds to load it with a huge pile of scrambled eggs. Chandler just stares at him and Joey reluctantly gives him a spoonful.)
Joey : Oh my God! That's huge! (Hugs him.) Wait a minute, why come I wasn't invited? And who was going to be your best man? Don't say, "Ross." Do not say, "Ross."
Joey : Oh! Tell her she's not marriage material.
Joey : Girls say it to me all the time! And believe me, if she's anything like me, she's just gonna be relieved. [Pan to Monica and Phoebe having the same conversation.]
Joey : They let you get married when you're drunk! Most people who get married in Vegas are drunk!
Joey : An annulment? Ross! I don't think surgery's the answer here.
Joey : (wakes up) What?!
Joey : All right. All right.
Joey : Really? I don't...
Joey : (starts singing) I wanna rock and roll all night! (Falls asleep.) [Time lapse, Phoebe is asleep, Joey's driving and having a hard time staying awake.]
Joey : (to himself) Man, this is a long drive! Are my eyes open? No! (He opens his eyes and sees a hitchhiker.) [Time lapse, Phoebe is still asleep only Joey is now passed out next to her and the car's still moving. She wakes up, sees Joey, and screams.]
Joey : Don't you think I asked him that before he got in?!
Joey : Ooh, I'll play! I'll play!
Joey : Come on Pheebs! I can't take this anymore! Let-let me make it up to you. Huh? (Starts singing.) Ground control to Major Tom. Commencing countdown, engines on. Take your protein pills and put your helmet on!
Joey : Pheebs, I am so sorry! I know I promised you a fun road trip with your friend and I didn't deliver. But-but-but now I know that you think being awake is an important part of friendship! So, so, so I will strive to-to stay awake for as long as I know you.
Joey : Well, thank you. So, can we play 20 Questions now? I've got a really good one! I've been thinking about it since Kansas.
Joey : Yes.
Joey : That is incredible! You are the master!
Joey : What are you doing?
Joey : I can fix it. Hold on. (He goes and gets a screwdriver from his apartment) Look out. Look out. (Pries at the door a little bit.)
Joey : I'm not finished.
Joey : (entering) Hey Monica!
Joey : (To Chandler)?Hey man, you feeling any better? (Chandler answers him with some guttural sounds that only he can make and that no human can transcribe.)
Joey : Oh my God! You're pregnant!
Joey : Wow! (Tearing up) Well, uh... Hey! I'm really happy for you guys! Congratulations! (Kisses Monica on the cheek) See you later. (Starts for the door on the verge of tears as Monica stops him.)
Joey : Yeah, I gotta go! I got an acting job. (Turns towards the door, pauses, and turns back.) Like you'd believe that. This sucks!
Joey : (To Monica) Okay! Look-look-look, uh, if you're gonna be moving in with him I feel it's my responsibility to tell you the truth about him! Okay? He's a terrible roommate! Terrible! He uh, forgets to umm... Oh-oh he always, he always umm-Oh, who am I kidding! He's the best roommate ever! (Hugs Chandler.)
Joey : God, it's gonna so weird like when I come home and you're not here. Y'know? No more Joey and Chan's. No more J and C's. "You wanna go over to Joey and Chandler's?" "Can't, its not there."
Joey : Yeah but we won't be able to like get up in the middle of the night and have those long talks about our feelings and the future.
Joey : Hi.
Joey : Hey! I did not cry my eyes out!! Come on! It's like the end of an era! No more J-man and Channie's!!
Joey : So, Ross and Rachel got married, Monica and Chandler almost got married, do you think you and I should hook up?
Joey : Really?! Well, when?
Joey : Wow.
Joey : Great!
Joey : Oh-oh, what about Ross?
Joey : (To Chandler) Dude! What are yo-you trying to kill me?!
Joey : Hey, what is with the secrecy Phoebe? Huh? And what about this Denise, is she cute?
Joey : Hey Rach, listen I was thinkin' uh, I'm gonna have an extra room over at my place...
Joey : Yeah, why don't you move in with me? It'll be great! We could stay up late, watch movies, and you know about Naked Thursday's right?
Joey : Hey! (To Chandler) Dude, some guy just called for you.
Joey : I don't know! How about, "Thanks for taking the message." Jeez! (Exits.)
Joey : Hey, what's up?
Joey : But you're still moving in together, right? Because my ad came out today. (Shows him the paper.)
Joey : Yeah? I just figured y'know, after living with you it'd be an interesting change of pace to have a female roommate, y'know? Someone I can learn from, someone-someone who's different than me. And what's more different than me; a guy who's not 19 than say a girl who is 19? Enh? (Points to his head.) Not just a hat rack my friend!
Joey : (exiting from Chandler's room with the new roommate) Everything on your application looks really good-Ohh! Just one last question umm, are you and your friends gonna be over here all the time like partying and hanging out? The Potential
Joey : Whoa!! Now look, don't be just blurtin' stuff out. I want you to really think about your answers. Okay?
Joey : Oh don't listen to him, he's just some guy who really wants the apartment, but I don't think he's gonna get it.
Joey : That thing was a hazard! (To the potential roommate) I'm very safety conscious.
Joey : Umm, listen, Ross do you really think this moving in with Rachel is a good idea?
Joey : Yeah well, maybe you should go back! Okay? Rachel moves in, and before you know it you're right where you don't want to be! Back together!
Joey : That's not gonna work out! Then she's gonna come home all weepy and you'll be tellin' her, "Oh that's okay. You'll find someone." And then, bamn! She finds you!
Joey : I am telling you Ross, she is definitely gonna fall in love with you again! Now, is that what you want?
Joey : Here she comes. Hold on, I'm gonna make your life much easier.
Joey : Or not. Uh, Rach, why don't you just move in with me? (Rachel sighs.)
Joey : No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no... It's okay, I mean I-look Rach, I know I scared you off with that whole Naked Thursday's thing, but we don't have to do that!
Joey : Thursday's clearly not good for ya, pick a day! Commercial Break ?
Joey : (opening the door to The Potential Roommate) Hi! The Potential
Joey : Come in. Thanks for comin' back, umm, okay there have been a lot of people interested in the room, but I have narrowed it down and you are one of the finalists! The Potential
Joey : Okay now, before I make my final decision I uh, I just want to make sure our personalities match. Okay, so I made up a little test. Now, I'm gonna say a word and then you say the first thing that comes to mind. The Potential
Joey : Okay! Here we go. Pillow. The Potential
Joey : Very good! Okay. G. The Potential
Joey : Excellent! Okay umm, doggy. The Potential
Joey : I can't believe she would say that too you.
Joey : (interrupting him) Uh Ross! Are there uh, are there naked chicks on that piece of paper?
Joey : Well, I've just never seen a guy stare so hard at a piece of paper that didn't have naked chicks on it.
Joey : Oh-ooh-ooh! Y'know what's a good visual aide?
Joey : Why not?!
Joey : Hey! Any good mail?
Joey : Ooh, it's probably a residual check, hey can you open it for me, I'm kinda....
Joey : Hmm that's weird. I don't remember being in a move called benefits lapsed.
Joey : Let me see that!
Joey : (reads it) Oh, I can't believe this! This sucks! When I had insurance I could get hit by a bus or catch on fire, y'know? And it wouldn't matter. Now I gotta be careful?!
Joey : All right well, I guess I gotta go get a job. I'm gonna go see my agent.
Joey : (mocks him, in a whiney voice) ...look both ways before you cross the street. (Turns and walks headlong into the closed door.)
Joey : (entering) Hey Estelle, listen...
Joey : What are you talkin' about? I never left you! You've always been my agent!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Estelle, you gotta get me some work. I-I lost my health insurance.
Joey : Why?
Joey : Bastard!
Joey : (in obvious pain) Hey! So Estelle lined up a bunch of auditions for me tomorrow and I'll have my health insurance back in no time.
Joey : What?!
Joey : Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven't been able to stand up since. But um, I don't think it's anything serious.
Joey : No way! 'Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it's gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.)
Joey : Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s!
Joey : Dude! Hernia operations cost like, a lot probably. Besides it's getting darker and more painful, that means it's healing.
Joey : Thank you, but it would take me forever to pay you that money back and I don't want that hanging over my head. Okay? Besides, as soon as my insurance kicks in I can get all the free operations I want! Yeah, I'm thinking I'll probably start with that laser eye surgery too. (Phoebe enters.)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Look, I'm telling you if I put my hand on my stomach right here (He puts his hand down his pants, like Al Bundy on Married...With Children always used to do.) it doesn't hurt that bad.
Joey : Sure, now I'm scared.
Joey : Yeah, but I don't wanna die!
Joey : (in a gravely, painful voice) Okay. "Hey, Timmy, I've got a surprise for you." Casting Director
Joey : Oh yeah, sure, no problem, I'll just-hold on one second. (He turns around and puts his hand in his pants and groans in relief.) (In a relaxed voice.) "Hey Timmy, I've got a surprise for you!" Casting Director
Joey : So that's why I feed my dog Purina One! Pick up a bag today! (He turns, looks at the bag and realizes he won't be able to pick it up.) Casting Director
Joey : Exactly. Casting Director
Joey : Or, I could just point to it! Huh? Blah, blah, blah, Purina One, point to a bag today. (She just looks at him.) I didn't get it, did I? Casting Director
Joey : Yeah, okay. (Leaves)
Joey : Hi. I'm Joey Tribbiani; I'm here to audition for (Groans) man. Casting Director
Joey : Yes!
Joey : (barely audible through the pain) Thank you.
Joey : Yeah! And hey, thanks for coming with me. And thanks again for helping me take a shower. (Chandler steps away quickly.)
Joey : (to the director) Hiya! The
Joey : Hi Alex! (to the director) And uh, as you can see my hands are not in my pants. (Holds them both up.) The
Joey : "Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex just looks at him and the director motions for him to continue so he tries it again.) "Take could care of your Momma son." (Alex does nothing.) "Come on son! Your Momma's good people!" The
Joey : Ah, just one thing umm, is it all right with you if I, if I scream right up until you say action? The
Joey : Okay. (Starts screaming.) The
Joey : (he stops screaming at action) "Take good care of your Momma son." (Again Alex does nothing.) The
Joey : Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You just take a big, big swing. Now, don't hold back. (He dons his protective helmet (Why, I have no clue.) and Phoebe picks up a wooden baseball bat and starts to swing as Chandler and Monica enter.)
Joey : Hey-hey-hey!
Joey : Oh! Hey, somebody left their keys. (Looks at them) Ooohh, to a Porsche! {Transcriber's
Joey : Na-uh! (To everyone there) Hey did anybody lose their keys?
Joey : There's a lost and found? (Gunther sets the box up on the table.) My shoe! (Grabs it out of the box.)
Joey : Well, I didn't realize until I got home. I wasn't gonna walk all the way back down here with one shoe! Y'know what? I'm gonna go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield. (Goes to do so.)
Joey : Great! Thanks. (Exits.)
Joey : Yeah, it's not mine.
Joey : Yeah, it's (looks up and sees the woman) mine.
Joey : Me too! Yeah. And comfortable. Do uh, do you like leather seats?
Joey : (checks in the window to make sure it has them) It's got 'em!
Joey : (entering) Hey guys!
Joey : Hey babies! Oh, I'm having the best morning. That uh, that Porsche I've got the keys too, still there!
Joey : You should see the treatment I get when I'm with that car! People are friendly; they-they wanna talk, and not just about the car! One guy gave me advice about my equity investments.
Joey : The ones that got me the Porsche! Will you keep up! (Chandler wipes his forehead with a baby wipe, that might have been used. He drops it disgustedly.) But I figured, if-if people keep seeing me just standing there, they're gonna start to think that I don't own it. So I figured I'll wash it. Right? Monica, you got a bucket and some soap I can borrow?
Joey : Yeah, she tops out at 130. Guy
Joey : And that's just in the city. I get her up to 160 when I take her upstate. Guy
Joey : Sure! Guy
Joey : Okay, take it easy. The Porsche
Joey : Really? Oh uh, oh just give me five more minutes with it. The Porsche
Joey : Oh I-I uh, found the keys and now I'm just polishing her up. The Porsche
Joey : Yeah, but it's my wax. The Porsche
Joey : Sure. Here. (He hands them over.) I'll uh, save your parking spot. The Porsche
Joey : Why not? The Porsche
Joey : Yeah, so did I. (The guy gets in and drives off.)
Joey : (entering wearing nothing but Porsche clothes) So the Porsche guy took his car back.
Joey : No. No, I just uh, I just loved the way it feels when everybody thinks I own a Porsche.
Joey : Of course! Only an idiot would wear this stuff if you didn't have the car! Right?
Joey : Oh, I've been there. Yeah, I am gonna go drive my Porsche. (Starts to leave.)
Joey : Come on! What are you doing?! I'm in character! Would you talk to her! (Storms out.)
Joey : Why isn't that valet back with my Porsche?
Joey : (to women passing him) Porsche. (Ross and Rachel approach, they're still yelling at each other.)
Joey : Hi! How are the Gellers?
Joey : Hey! It's Porsche!! (He's right y'know.)
Joey : Hey! Hey! Be careful around my Porsche!
Joey : Hey! How you doin'?
Joey : Right! And when is that due?
Joey : And that's every month?
Joey : Ahhh.
Joey : (looking at it) Oh my God!!
Joey : No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charity...anymore.
Joey : No! Forget it! Okay-I mean thanks, but I'm done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, what's next? Come on.
Joey : This is how much we pay for electric?!!!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : I don't know Ross, not if you're gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
Joey : (quietly) I've got Ben.
Joey : Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.
Joey : Oh that's okay. Hey, actually in a way it's kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours! (Chandler stares at him, dumbfounded, then finally agrees.)
Joey : What, are you crazy? You haven't beaten me once since my injury plagued '97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
Joey : Okay, you're on.
Joey : (scores) Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! That's like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! (Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.) $500 that is a loooot of electricity! (By the way, there's nothing in the fridge.) Whoo-ho-ho! (Notices the sparseness of the fridge.) I gotta buy some food.
Joey : You serious?
Joey : Okay, get ready to owe me!
Joey : Okay, here we go. Ready? [In slow motion, as some haunty demonic music plays in the background, Joey throws the ball in, Chandler quits playing and goes for his Chinese food. Joey smacks the ball really hard, shooting it down the table. Chandler slowly takes a bite, the ball bounces off of the wall, heads back up the table, and scores the goal for Chandler.]
Joey : This sucks man! The last night you're here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Joey : Nah, not my game.
Joey : Well, what's it called?
Joey : I don't know how to play Cups.
Joey : All right.
Joey : A two and a five.
Joey : Really?!
Joey : A four and a nine.
Joey : No. Why?
Joey : Damn! I am good at Cups!
Joey : Well, what did you have?
Joey : Uh, (counts the money) wow, 700.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : What?
Joey : Really?
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Ross and I were helping the girls pack, took a little break, I lost $1,500 to him in Cups!
Joey : The same way you lost. I started out with a King and a Queen, bamn! Ross gets a 2 and a 3. Then I get a Jack and a King, boom! Ross gets a 4 and a 5! Ross was getting the Cup card, the D-Cup, the Sittin' Down Bonus! Meanwhile, I didn't even get half a cup! Nothin'!!
Joey : And he never played before either! Y'know what I think? I think beginner's luck, very important in Cups.
Joey : No, no, no more! I cannot lose another dime! I'm serious this time! In-in fact, look, there's a-I wanna give you something. And let me give it too you know before I pawn it for Cups money. (He rolls the big white dog over) Now, I want you to have the big white dog as a kinda of a, y'know, thank you for being such a great roommate.
Joey : It's him, not it!
Joey : Wait a second, I see what you're trying to do here! You-you're trying to give me money again!
Joey : Over there! (Points to the couch) Before, with the bills! You tried to give some charity, I said "No," you dropped it. Okay? Then we had a nice last night together, we had some fun, we gambled, nobody tried to give anybody any money! Now out of the blue, you start with the charity thing again!
Joey : I will be okay! Look Chandler, you gotta get it out of your head that I can't take care of myself. Okay? Look, I'm not gonna miss you helping me out with money. The only thing that I'm gonna miss...is you. And now the dog.
Joey : Hey everybody! Uh, I'd like you to meet Janine. She's-she's gonna be my new roommate!
Joey : Yeah, she's gonna live with me!
Joey : I didn't know that! Well, what a pretty last name!
Joey : (shocked) From the land down under? I didn't know that either!
Joey : You're a dancer? She-she's a dancer!
Joey : Oh, hey let me. (Opens the door for Janine and after he closes the door behind her gasps ecstatically.)
Joey : Of course I did.
Joey : "When can you move in?"
Joey : Ugh, I cannot wait to ask her out!
Joey : Oh God, yeah.
Joey : (happily) Okay!
Joey : Oh, Oh, you're right! I don't want that. I can't date her!
Joey : Well, that's gonna be tough Mon. I mean it's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
Joey : You a little sad about that sweetheart? [Scene, The
Joey : (jumps out of the box) I Gotcha!!
Joey : Boy, it was so hard not to laugh, I tell ya. Hey, hey, the place looks great!
Joey : (raises his hand) I don't! No, I wanna live with the super-hot Australian dancer.
Joey : Yeah. Well, so far yeah. But it's tough you know? I got all this built up flirting energy and I don't know how to get rid of it. (Gives Chandler the "Joey-love," look.) How you doin? [Scene Joey and Janine's new apartment, Janine is there. Joey walks in to see Janine bent over, stretching.]
Joey : (voice cracking) Ohhhh man
Joey : No-no-no-no-no, it's-it's uh, you just uh, uh reminded me that uh, I need to do my stretches too. (Starts to stretch, groans painfully)
Joey : (jumps up and yells)
Joey : Uh-uh nothing. I-I-I-I didn't want you to touch me cause I'm -I'm all sweaty from the workout. I better hit the shower. (Goes into the bathroom and comes back out quickly) Oh my God!
Joey : (entering) Look, what am I gonna do? I'm not flirting but still, I'm drawing her to me like - like a moth to a flame! (Tries to put his feet on the coffee table...they won't reach and looks around.) What the hell's going on over here?!?!? (Points to Chandler) Monica's gonna kill you! Look I need your help, I have to do something to-to repel this woman! Wait a minute, wait a minute, you guys repel women all the time.
Joey : No-no-no I've seen it happen, you-you get a rapport going with a woman but somehow you manage to kill it. What's your secret?
Joey : This is great, this is great, what else, what else?
Joey : Uh, don't you mean "for whom?"
Joey : Pizza, heh, its not like I never had that before...ba dum bum cheshhh.
Joey : All right, All right, let's just get this out in the open okay? You're hot. I'm lovable. Clearly there's a vibe going on between us. But, we're roommates and it's a huge mistake for us to continue down this road.
Joey : No, no, no, I'm telling ya. Imagine yourself living in a supermarket and you will understand okay? So the question is, what do we do?
Joey : Oh!
Joey : Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Joey : Oh, I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
Joey : What?!?!
Joey : Oh dear God!
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Sure, neighbor come on in.
Joey : Uh, no, she's at dance class.
Joey : Yeah, but, hey look, don't go through her stuff. She gets really mad.(Chandler gives him a look and walks to the door of his old room.)
Joey : (Looking around the room.) It is???
Joey : No.
Joey : No.
Joey : (With Big Eyes.) All right, you're right. I'll talk to her.
Joey : I'm a man.
Joey : (Grunting) Hmm. (Monica opens the front door and comes in.)
Joey : Or maybe, it's because you're hanging around here at
Joey : Hey. Uh, can I talk to you for a second? This, uh, kid in this picture. Do you, uh, know this kid? Is that like a relative or something?
Joey : Yeah, that's what I was afraid of.. Okay, uhh...Look Janine I really want you to feel at home here, but some of this new stuff. It's...too girly.
Joey : Like this. (pointing to the picture) Pictures of cute babies we don't know. We..we can't have that.
Joey : Look I don't know this baby. I don't know if she's a famous artist or not. You know, and I don't want to be a jerk but you're changing too much around here.
Joey : Yeah but it's too much stuff. You know like, you got the candles and the foofy schmoofer thing here and over here you got a picture of a watering can.
Joey : I'm sure it's a famous watering can, okay. But, come on...and what is with the really hot stick in the bathroom?
Joey : Ohh, well, that's ok then. But, okay my towels for instance. I come in to the bathroom here and my towel is not on the floor where keep it. It's up here on some hook..and...smells different.
Joey : Yeah, well, it feels different.
Joey : Alright, I can make my peace with the clean dry towels...Also what is with these chips you bought?
Joey : (Voice cracking) Well that's like summer in a bowl.
Joey : Hey Chandler. Come on in. We're knitting pot holders.
Joey : So what's really neat. If you sear the stems of the flowers first in a frying pan, your arrangement will look fresh much longer.
Joey : Ohh, I love birds. (Monica leaves. Chandler shuts the door.)
Joey : What?
Joey : Hey. Hey look I am still Joey, okay. Flowers they're just, you know, they're nice to look at. And that happens to be a picture by a famous artist. Of a famous baby.
Joey : No I'm not. Why would you say that? That's just mean.
Joey : It's not what you said. It's the way you said it....Oh My God, I'm a women!!!
Joey : Hey, uhh, I need to talk to you.
Joey : I'm sorry but we've got to get rid of all this girlie stuff in here. I, uh, I got to be a man! Okay. The living room has to remain a guy place, okay? That's just the way it has to be.
Joey : Great...Great...and thanks for being so understanding. I mean, I didn't want to make a big deal out of this, you know. (She starts to collect all the girlie stuff up.) You could, uh, put the picture of the famous baby in my room. I mean, if you want to.
Joey : And, uhh, maybe the watering can there.
Joey : And a couple of these little tiny boxes.
Joey : Maybe I could give thanks for you shuttin? up, eh?
Joey : Well maybe I love ya?.
Joey : Yeah! Yeah, why? What?s up?
Joey : Ye-ye, we go to yours!
Joey : How you got three women to marry you, I?ll never know.
Joey : Oh, ooh the food smells great, Mon!
Joey : Yeah, hey hey, Happy Thanksgiving everybody!
Joey : Well, this has been great!
Joey : Uh, some of her friends, yeah.
Joey : (frustrated) Yes, all right? All of her hot dancer friends are gonna be there and they?re gonna be, be drinkin? and dancin, and we really wanna go!
Joey : Yeah, yeah, and the Indians taught the Pilgrims what it meant to be hot in the new world! [Enter Jack and Judy Geller] Mrs.
Joey : Rach, you?re killin? us here, will ya serve the dessert already? Those drunken dancers are waiting!
Joey : Y-sure!
Joey : I know, and only one layer of jam?! What is up with that? [Ross looks up as if saying that Joey was weird. He begins flipping through the pages, only to find that they are sticky. So one page is overlapping another, making two recipes look like one.]
Joey : (turning to Chandler in a scolding tone) Chandler!
Joey : (sad) Oh man! Now she?s gonna start all over! We?re never gonna get to introduce the hot girls to the new world!
Joey : Just let her serve the beef-custard thing?
Joey : (shrugging his shoulders to go along with it) Vomiting stories are funny... [Rachel enters]
Joey : Did-did it make you wanna walk around in your underwear?
Joey : (frustrated) Still not hot enough! [Joey leaves] [Phoebe walks over to talk to Rachel.]
Joey : (to Rachel) Will you hurry up? Did you not hear me before when I told you that all of Janine?s friends are dancers?! And that they?re going to be drinking alot!?
Joey : Well you?re whippin? so slow! Can?t you do it any faster?
Joey : Oh I am! [Chandler and Monica are by the window pressuring Ross to tell his parents the truth.]
Joey : Ross! Can I talk to you for a second?
Joey : Okay, look, I think we have to tell Rachel she messed up her dessert.
Joey : Look, when everyone eats that...that...Banana-Meat thing, they?re all gonna? make fun of her, do you want that?
Joey : (scolding) Dude, they?re not objects. [Ross makes a sorry face.]
Joey : Just kiddin,? I?ll talk to them, you distract Rach. [Joey and Ross go back out into the main area.]
Joey : Oh and (Ross begins to open the door and Joey says some gibberish word to indicate to Ross that he?s not done yet. Ross closes the door again.) Okay, and uh if anyone needs help pretending to like it, I learned something in acting class, try uh, rubbing your stomach (Rubs his stomach) or uh, or saying ?mmm? and uh, oh oh! And smiling (Smiles while pretending to stir a bowl), okay?
Joey : Rachel, there you are! Come on, let?s serve that dessert already!
Joey : (happily) Really?
Joey : I like it.
Joey : What?s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Gooooood. [Rachel and Chandler re-emerge from the balcony.]
Joey : (pounding the table) I wanna gooooooo! Mrs.
Joey : No it isn?t, I ate that. Mrs.
Joey : Hey you guys.
Joey : I had to get out of the apartment. Janine is like stretching all over the place. Y'know, everywhere I look she's like... (He imitates her stretching)
Joey : I like her so much!
Joey : I know. And she's so sweet. I just wanna feed her grapes and brush her hair.
Joey : Totally! I would love to spend New Year's with you.
Joey : Did she just ask me out on a date?
Joey : Oh. Maybe. But hey I know how I can find out. We're going to a New Year's Eve party, right? So at midnight, I can kiss her. And if she kisses me back, great! Y'know? But if she says 'Dude, what the hell are you doing?' I can say 'It wasn't me, it was New Years!'
Joey : OK, listen I've been on sets before, so let me give you a little advice, alright? It's a show, but we're just dancing, OK? It's no big deal. The important thing to remember - stay cool.
Joey : Ross! So when is it gonna air?
Joey : Really?
Joey : What do you mean?
Joey : Uh-huh.
Joey : No-no-no-no-no we came together!
Joey : No-no hey buddy, please let me dance with that girl, I really like her and I think I have a shot.
Joey : Hey-hey dancer girl! Can I go to the bathroom? I just.. (The girl starts dancing really close to him, so he picks her up, twirls her round, and puts her against a platform) Here we go. (He walks away to find Monica and Ross doing a really out of place dance) Looking good Gellers!
Joey : Hey! Tall guy! Hey, listen, I wanted to talk to you about that girl that you're dancing with. Tall
Joey : Yeah, yeah, okay. Uh, look buddy, I came with that girl, and I had this plan to kiss her at the new years countdown - I'm trying to win her over, so I was wondering if.. Tall
Joey : Oh come on man, you can dance with my partner, she's real, uh, mellow! Tall
Joey : Well, I was hoping after tonight that maybe I could you know... Tall
Joey : Alright, alright, hey y'know fair is fair, (he pretends to wash his hands) if you're right, you're right, what can I say, but hey oh no! (He throws water on the guy's pants) Tall
Joey : Hey, now you're the one who wet his pants. (He throws another handful on him and runs out)
Joey : Uh, take a look at the guy's pants! I mean, I know you told us to show excitement, but don't you think he went a little overboard?
Joey : Yeah, take a hike wetpants! (The director pushes the Tall Guy away) [Cut to Ross and Monica, who are finally on a platform!]
Joey : No! Year! Happy No Year!
Joey : Home sweet home, huh? Nice to, uh, get back to reality. Plus we know how the New Year's gonna go off. I guess there's no reason for all that Y2K panic, y'know? Anyway, g'night!
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : Oh, yoii. What was that for?
Joey : Really? In the moment, I really wanted to kiss you too. In the moment.
Joey : But only in the moment. So do ya wanna kiss again?
Joey : No.
Joey : 3, 2,
Joey : Uh, yeah, okay. Except I sorta felt like I needed a couple of seconds to get ready. (They kiss to the music of Auld Lang Syne) Ending Credits ?
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Listen, do you guys think I have a chance with Janine?
Joey : Well all right then, I guess I shouldn't get to excited about the fact (excitedly) that I just kissed her!
Joey : Oh we kissed it up real nice.
Joey : I came over here to tell you guys.
Joey : Okay. (They kiss.)
Joey : Okay. (They kiss.)
Joey : Okay, I'm all right, okay, but hey, could you just leave your lips? (She kisses him on the cheek and starts to leave.)
Joey : Have you kissed her yet? It's awesome! I could do it forever! Y'know what? She-she kisses better than my mom cooks!
Joey : I hate Pottery Barn too. They kicked me out of there just because I sat on a bed!
Joey : (indignant) I was tired!
Joey : Hey! I made that for her!
Joey : Yeah! I made it of this fruit bowl I found in the garbage.
Joey : And Chandler I can't believe I let you pay for this one. (They hug and he whispers in his ear.) Thanks man.
Joey : Oh, but hey look, at least let us bring the wine.
Joey : Nope-op! I insist! (He hugs Chandler again and whispers to him.) You get the wine right?
Joey : See ya tomorrow!
Joey : What?
Joey : What-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Joey : Blah?!
Joey : Uh, they're like my best friends. Are you saying we can't hang out with them? 'Cause that would kinda be a problem.
Joey : I guess.
Joey : If you want, I'll sell my friends and use the money to buy you presents.
Joey : Hi!
Joey : Thanks. Thanks, but uh actually it's just gonna be me again tonight.
Joey : Oh, she's uh-uh really sick.
Joey : Yeah, she's been in there all day (Points to her room), uh high fever, a nose problem... Phlegm! Phlegm! Phlegm-phlegm-phlegm!
Joey : 'Kay!
Joey : No-no, she really is sick!
Joey : Uh, y'know, starve a fever, go to a play for a cold.
Joey : Well uh, she didn't want to hang out with you guys two nights in a row. I'm so sorry.
Joey : Because she uh, she-she thinks that you are blah and that you, Monica, are too loud.
Joey : I know! I know! Come on, please-please you guys, don't-don't be mad. I'm sure she just, she just said that stuff because she was nervous and you guys are like my best friends! Y'know? And it was our first date! Plus, she's really sick!
Joey : I know, but don't you think the sick thing is way better than the play thing?
Joey : Come on you guys, come on please-please just give her another chance, huh? She'll come around I promise.
Joey : (shouting) I can hear you!
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : So uh, what are you guys doing?
Joey : Look, come on you guys, you said you were gonna try! All right look, I came over here to invite you guys to a movie with me and Janine.
Joey : Ha-ha, very funny-Look! I don't know what to do! I really want you guys to get along. Just please come to the movie with us. I mean you owe me!
Joey : That's right! I helped you guys out a lot in the start of your relationship. Huh? I helped you guys sneak around for like six months, and I looked like an idiot! And I was humiliated. And I only made 200 dollars!
Joey : You don't think I know that!
Joey : Well, this-this-this was great. Didn't everybody have a great time?
Joey : Oh well then, good night!
Joey : See? Eh, wasn't that fun?
Joey : All right! All right! Enough! Enough! Enough!! Enough! (To Chandler and Monica) You two go home! I-I-I gotta talk to Janine! (They start to leave.)
Joey : All right, uh, we've got a little bit of a problem here. These people are my friends; you can't treat them that way.
Joey : I know! I know! And I'm going to talk to them about it. They mean so much to me. They... They're like my family. If you guys are gonna be fighting all the time, I-I... I don't think we can be together. It just, it just can't work. It can't. (Starts to break up) I'm very upset.
Joey : Yeah! Yeah! That would be very helpful! Yeah. (He opens the door for her and she exits into the hallway.) [Cut to the hallway, Janine is entering as Monica is taking out the garbage.]
Joey : Yeah uh, what am I gonna do?
Joey : Yeah! (They head downstairs.) Ending Credits ?
Joey : How ya doin'?
Joey : Pretty much, yeah.
Joey : Well, when it's not right, you know it.
Joey : Yeah! Yeah. I'll be all right.
Joey : What?
Joey : (entering) Hey guys.
Joey : Whoa-whoa-whoa. Jokes? You guys know they have naked chicks in there, right? Opening Credits ?
Joey : Let's go watch it at your place.
Joey : Chandler, Chandler, y'know what we should do? You and I should go out and get some new sunglasses.
Joey : No, that's VH-1. I gotta tell you, the music these kids listen to today . . . It's like a lotta noise to me. I don't know...
Joey : I uh, oh! Because, uh, I haven't really paid the bill
Joey : No, Chandler. Look, forget about it, okay? Look, I know things have been a little tight since Janine moved out. Oh, was she hot.
Joey : I know! Yeah, but, look I can handle it. All right? Look, I can listen to the radio, huh? And Ross gave me this great book (holds up the Playboy magazine).
Joey : Sure.
Joey : Not so much.
Joey : You forget how many great songs Heart had.
Joey : Oh, you guys, with this joke. I gotta say, I know I cracked up, but I'm not even sure I got it.
Joey : Ah, Gunther, I can't pay for this right now because I'm not working, so I've had to cut down on some luxuries like uh, payin' for stuff.
Joey : Uh, I don't know. Ya see, it's just, see I was a regular on a soap opera y'know? And to go from that to this, I just... Plus, I'd have to wait on all my friends.
Joey : What?!
Joey : Maybe I could be a waiter. Could I use the phone?
Joey : (sheepishly) I finished my book. (Chandler and Monica slowly retreat back to bed.) [Scene, Phoebe and Rachel's, they're sitting together on the couch.]
Joey : Hey Ross, listen, you want anything to drink, 'cause I'm heading up there.
Joey : Sure. (To Monica and Rachel) Coffee? 'Cause I'm going up there.
Joey : (to a table of strangers) You guys need anything, 'cause I'm heading up there.
Joey : You got it.
Joey : Just being friendly. (He gives Monica a 'what's wrong with you?' look and proceeds to walk behind the counter.)
Joey : Nah, it's okay. Right, Gunther? (Winks at him as if they're in on a secret together.)
Joey : Okay, but I don't see you asking any other paying customers to put on aprons.
Joey : No.
Joey : Yeah? Commercial Break ?
Joey : It's kind of embarrassing, y'know. I mean, I was an actor and now I'm a waiter. It's supposed to go in the other direction.
Joey : I mean, the job's easy and the money's good, you know? I guess I'm going to be hanging out here anyway. I might as well get paid for it, right? I just feel kind of weird serving you guys.
Joey : Okay, I guess it doesn't seem that weird.
Joey : See, now it's weird again.
Joey : Thanks, Rach. Look, you guys are just terrific. Y'know? Now, how about clearing out of here so I can get some new customers. It's all about turnover.
Joey : Oh, I'm sorry, Ross. I'll get it for you right now. And since I made you wait, I'll toss in a free muffin. (He looks at Rachel and winks, she gives him the thumbs-up sign.)
Joey : Hey, Gunther. Can you uh, can you cover for me? I just got an audition.
Joey : Really?! I like your natural color. Come on man, it's a great part. Look, check it out. I'm the lead guy's best friend and I wait for him in this bar and save his seat. Listen-listen. 'I'm sorry, that seat's saved.'
Joey : Okay, maybe he's not his best friend, but ...
Joey : Oh, man, I could totally get that part. 'I'm sorry, that seat is taken.'
Joey : No, no, I didn't mean you. But, you believed me, huh?
Joey : So, you'd hire me, right?
Joey : Exactly! All right, everybody, listen up. The coffeehouse is going to be closed for about an hour.
Joey : Yeah, it's for the kids. To keep the kids off drugs. It's a very important issue in this month's Playboy. I'm sure you all read about it.
Joey : Not good, no. I didn't get the part, and I lost my job here, so ...
Joey : Well, I had the audition but Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge so he could go get his hair dyed. So, I went anyway, and then he fired me.
Joey : Yeah, what are ya gonna do?
Joey : That's great. Thanks Rach.
Joey : I'm not answering that.
Joey : Okay Rach, that muffin and espresso, $4.50. Ross, double latte, $2.75. Chandler, coffee and a scone, $4.25. And Pheebs, herbal tea, $1.25. So, all together that's (pauses to figure the total) $12.75.
Joey : Hi!
Joey : Oh that's on the house courtesy of Joey Tribbiani.
Joey : Well, he's not used to women being so forward with him; but uh, I good check with him-He says it's okay. (She hands him her card.) Great! Thanks! Bye-bye!
Joey : It will be when you look like that in a tight skirt! This is great! I'm getting more dates than ever!
Joey : How about a scone on the house baby?
Joey : Hey, (in the Joey voice) how you doin'?
Joey : (to a customer) Are you all finished here?
Joey : Great! (Joey takes his cookie and finishes it.)
Joey : What?!
Joey : Well if it's free food, how come you're charging me for it?
Joey : Well, what if they came in third in a modeling contest?
Joey : (to a woman who came in third in a modeling contest) Sorry! (He grabs her muffin away and returns it to the serving tray.)
Joey : That'll be $3.85.
Joey : It's just I can't because my manager said I... (Gets an idea) (Starts singing) "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Annie...
Joey : (still singing) "...Amy! Happy birthday to you!" A Male
Joey : Yeah, not it here it isn't.
Joey : (singing) "Happy birthday to you!"
Joey : What? No-no it's her birthday!
Joey : But it really...
Joey : Damnit! (Storms off.)
Joey : (overhearing them) Oh-ho, and mine!
Joey : (sees Rachel) Oh, uh, hey Rach. I uh, I was just coming over here to uh... Oh wait, I don't have to lie to you, you don't live here anymore. Uh, I'm eating their food. What are you doing?
Joey : Whoa, I didn't know we could date your sister! (Chandler and Monica enter from their room and Joey quickly hides the bag of potato chips behind his back.)
Joey : I can't believe Ross went out with Rachel's sister! When Chandler made out with my sister I was mad at him for 10 years.
Joey : Yeah you got 5 years left!
Joey : You wanna make it 6?! Opening Credits ?
Joey : (crying) You didn't cry when Bambi's mother died?
Joey : Come on man there's gotta be something that gets you choked up! Like uh, uh oh, what if you saw a three-legged puppy?
Joey : Okay, what if the puppy said, "Help me Chandler. All the other puppies pick on me."
Joey : No! It's not okay! It's not okay at all!! You're dead inside!!
Joey : (to the fan) So, you saw me on Days Of Our Lives huh? Want me to, want me to do a little Dr. Drake Remoray for ya? The
Joey : Oh, you're Phoebe's fan! The
Joey : Movies? The
Joey : (laughs) I don't think so. The
Joey : Hey Gunther, don't let that guy in here anymore! He just said Phoebe's a porn star!
Joey : Uhhh, yeah. Yeah. But uh, I don't think it's the kind you're gonna like.
Joey : Sort of...
Joey : (holds up the movie) Phoebe's a porn star!
Joey : Well down at the adult video place down on Bleaker.
Joey : All right well, I'd better take that back.
Joey : We can't watch that! I mean that's Phoebe!
Joey : No! Hey no! This is wrong you guys! Phoebe's our friend! Well, I'm not gonna watch it!
Joey : Yeah. (Ross stands next to him for a second, then goes and watches the movie.) (The movie starts, it's a vampire's lair and Buffay, The Vampire Layer enters dressed in leather and carrying a wooden stake. Suddenly, the vampire opens his coffin and sits up. Buffay, the Vampire
Joey : (sitting at the kitchen table with his back to the TV) You sick bastards!
Joey : Re! Re! Then I can watch that! Rewind it! Rewind it!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh no, not you too!
Joey : Nice!
Joey : That's great, but isn't it gonna bother that people still think you're a porn star?
Joey : You do?
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : (To Ross) What is the matter with you?!
Joey : Oh sorry, I hear divorce I immediately go to Ross. (To Rachel) Who-who's Barry and Mindy?
Joey : Ohh-oh, wasn't he cheating on you with her?
Joey : (starts to imagine it) I can't. I keep seeing it the good way.
Joey : Hey, imagine if I never got fired off Days Of Our Lives! (Closes his eyes to do so.) Oh-hey, there's Carol again!
Joey : So Monica, still going out with Dr. Boring huh?
Joey : (not impressed) Wow!! Monica's
Joey : Oh dear God, let me think. (Starts to sarcastically think about it.)
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Hey man, look sorry about that Archie thing. Do uh, do you need me to give you some money?
Joey : Really?
Joey : That's an idea! (To Chandler) Hey, if I hired an assistant, would-would you take money from her?
Joey : That's great! That would be great! Let's do that!
Joey : Oh right great! Welcome aboard!
Joey : All right! Now hey, I need to use the bathroom. Since I don't need any assistance in there, take a break!
Joey : (holding a plate of what looks like Rice Crispies Treats) I know, here-here!! (Hands her the plate.)
Joey : (shaking Rachel's hand) Hi!
Joey : Well, it's always nice to meet the fans.
Joey : (turning and whispering to Monica) She's not crazy is she?
Joey : (To Rachel) So uh, how you doin'?
Joey : (entering) Hey there you are!
Joey : All right, here's a list of things for you to do today. Man, this going to be so great! Thank you so much! All right, I got to go to work I'm delivering twins today, but only one of them is mine! (Exits.)
Joey : (entering) Hey! Is uh, is she gonna be all right?
Joey : Oh great. (Starts to go in.) (To Chandler) Hey! Go take off those pants, they look ready!
Joey : All right, and over there is Brady's Pub where I like to unwind after a long day of surgeoning.
Joey : Well, that is a large piece of television equipment. (Points at a large piece of television equipment as an old man walks by.) And uh that is an old man! Hey old man!
Joey : All righty, what do you say we head back to my place?
Joey : Why? (In Drake's voice.) Why can't the world stop turning, just for a moment? Just for us?
Joey : Uh, yeah but uh, (In Drake's voice) I may have said those things before but, I never truly meant them. Until now.
Joey : Okay, you watch too much TV.
Joey : Thanks! (Looks at it.) Yeah, there's pulp in that. (Hands it back.)
Joey : I thought we talked about this. I don't like pulp. No pulp. Pulp isn't juice. All juice, okay?
Joey : Oh my God, I'm sorry, I'm being so rude. (Turns to Rachel.) Rachel, would like a soda or something? Because Chandler would run right out and get it.
Joey : (To Chandler) Iced tea.
Joey : (To Rachel) Did I not just tell him?
Joey : (To Chandler) Okay look, Chandler, if this (Motions back and forth indicating the arrangement.) you have got to listen! (Tugs on his ear.) (Chandler glares at him.) You're gonna throw that juice at me, aren't ya?
Joey : (entering) Hey! Hey Chandler look, I know you're mad, but I just want to say I'm sorry. I-I was a total jerk. Completely o-over the line. Uh, I just I hate pulp! Y'know? I mean, y'know how Monica feels about low fat mayonnaise?
Joey : Yeah, o-o-o-o-okay anyway, I just wanted to say I'm sorry. Here. (Hands him a cup.)
Joey : Fresh squeezed orange juice, with pulp! Just the way you like it.
Joey : Oh my God! That's great! Congratulations! What's the story?!
Joey : Are you kidding me?! I love Archie! And the whole gang!
Joey : Wait a minute. That sounds a little familiar! Did they already do that one? 'Cause I think I read it!
Joey : I know. (Joey is sitting in this tall chair that is made up of balls on polls. You'll have to see it to know what I mean.) Yeah, his name is Pat.
Joey : (climbing down from his chair) Do you uh, do you-ready for a refill?
Joey : Pretty cool, huh? But if you're thinking you can put a fish in there and it wouldn't get sucked up into the mechanism, well you'd be wrong.
Joey : It's uh, right through there. (Points.)
Joey : Yeah, life's pretty great isn't it?
Joey : Well, with Dr. Drake they always tell me what to say. And with Joey, I pretty much have to make it up on my own.
Joey : Yeah you did.
Joey : Here you go. Let me ask you a question.
Joey : When was the last time someone told you just how beautiful you are?
Joey : Come, come here. (He takes her hands in his and kisses each one, then kisses her on the lips. When the break the kiss, Rachel starts to get nauseous and throw up. Joey backs away in horror.)
Joey : (entering) Morning!
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Well he actually saw you a little bit too.
Joey : No! No! No, not after seeing that.
Joey : Wh-why?
Joey : That's ridiculous! I'm not a "Star," just a regular famous actor.
Joey : Rachel, would you stop saying that?! Hey-hey look, remember on the show when-when Caprice was dying and she gave me...
Joey : Wow! Uh okay, well uh... (He gets up, opens a drawer, and pulls out the ring.)
Joey : Sure! As long as they don't find out you can keep whatever you want! And I want you to have it.
Joey : Yes! Yes!! And every time you look at it, I want you to remember that you are a good person. Okay, you've had the chance to cheat, and with me, but you didn't. And that's what this ring stands for.
Joey : Look, do you want the ring or not?!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : All right!
Joey : Whoa-whoa-whoa! You're not gonna use the pay phone to call work, are ya?
Joey : (not quite sure of how to answer that) Well uh, look Ross I uh, I think Carol's great and I'm sure you're a very attractive man, but I....
Joey : You?
Joey : Wow!
Joey : All right! So, was it amazing?
Joey : Just okay-Did you do it right?!
Joey : Huh. But still Ross, you're worst day with two women, pretty much better than any other day! Y'know what I mean?
Joey : But you got to be with both of them, right?
Joey : Not the other one?
Joey : Yeah, you don't want that.
Joey : Well hey, at least you got to see a lot of stuff, right?
Joey : You got a little bored?
Joey : Yeah? What did ya have?
Joey : Sounds good.
Joey : (he's just picked up their bill) Hey! So, what's with the 20 percent tip? Did I do something wrong?
Joey : Y'know what's more generous than that?! Fifty percent! Y'know what's even more generous than that?!!
Joey : All right, look I'm sorry you guys, but it's just that I gotta get these new head shots made. And they're really expensive, y'know? I'm down to like three! Well, actually two 'cause one of 'em I kinda blackened in some teeth-Why did I do that?! (Hits himself in the head.)
Joey : Oh, ha-ha-ha! Ooh! Wait a minute, I used to get medical experiments down on me all the time!
Joey : No-no! I used to get paid for all kinds of medical stuff, remember? Let's see uh, well I don't want to donate sperm again. (To Ross) I really prefer doing that at the home office y'know? (Ross nods his head.) Ooh-ooh, maybe they want like some of my blood or-or spit or something, huh?
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : Uhh do it?
Joey : Well, where was I? (Takes a sip of the coffee.) Opening Credits ?
Joey : Takes it out of you? (Laughs.)
Joey : Ohh, hey! Why don't you book a date for both of you at one of those romantic spas?
Joey : And of course, crotchless panties.
Joey : You can't make crotchless panties? You take, you take a pair of scissors and you just cut...
Joey : (to the receptionist) Hi uh, I'm Joey Tribbiani and with all do respect I'd like to donate some fluids.
Joey : Oh that's too bad. I've kinda been saving up. (She just looks at him in horror.) Uh, are you sure there's no studies I can participate in?
Joey : Thanks. (Starts to read it.) Well but this one starts now. (Points to one.)
Joey : But it's $2,000.
Joey : Well how about this one? Testing the effects of Joey Tribbiani on attractive nurse receptionists.
Joey : (in his head) 2,000 bucks is a lot of money. Oh, I wish I had a twin. Where could I find someone who looks exactly like me? (The camera widens its shot to reveal a room full of Joey look-a-likes. Joey looks at the guy next to him and then back at his script.)
Joey : (entering) No! No! No! No! No! How you doin'?! How you doin'-Damnit Carl! Go wait in the hall! (Goes into the hall.)
Joey : Look, I got to apologize on the behalf of Carl.
Joey : Oh, did I not mention? Carl is a guy I hired to be my identical twin for a medical research project.
Joey : Okay, I know it sounds crazy, but I think it might work. Y'know? The only problem is, Carl's acting is... (Does the international hand symbol for so-so.)
Joey : Yeah, he's the reason I didn't get that big Minute Maid commercial a couple of years ago remember? We were supposed to be brothers, but he messed it up.
Joey : (to Carl) Pizza!! We like Pizza!! Get out!!! (Carl does so.)
Joey : All right Carl, we're next. Now remember, what is not gonna be?
Joey : That's right! And what are you not gonna do?
Joey : (gets very angry) Damnit Carl! (Carl goes to say something more, and Joey silences him with a grunt.) The
Joey : That's us. The
Joey : That's right, $2,000. The
Joey : Damnit Carl!
Joey : Oh hey, do you still have their final exams?
Joey : Oh, 'cause you can just match the evaluation to the exam with the same handwriting and boom, there's your admirer. (Ross is stunned.)
Joey : Oh, well think of it like this, when you're 90...
Joey : No that's not what I was going to say at all. No, what I was going to say is when you're 90 you'll still have the memory of what it was like to be with a 20-year-old. Opening Credits ?
Joey : Hey Chandler! Y'know that girl you went to college with who-who became a movie director?
Joey : Oh well listen, anyway she's directing the new Al Pacino movie. You gotta get me an audition!
Joey : No-no-no, please-please Chandler I-I-I would owe you so much!
Joey : Hey-hey dude, why are you changing the subject? Why? Will you make the call or what?
Joey : All right! Thanks! You're the best! Now listen, the last day of auditions is Thursday. Okay? So I gotta get in there by Thursday. Okay? Just remember Thursday. Thursday. Can you remember Thursday?
Joey : (angrily) Thursday! Look if you need help remembering think of like this, the third day. All right? Monday, one day. Tuesday, two day. Wednesday, when? Huh? What day? Thursday! The third day! Okay?!
Joey : Okay.
Joey : The part I want to audition for is a fireman, this is so meant to be!
Joey : (to the fireman) Hey buddy, do you think I can borrow your uniform this Thursday? Fireman
Joey : Oh, how bad is it?
Joey : Chandler, is that... (Mimes someone using a movie camera and Chandler nods yes.)
Joey : Hey-hey listen... (Chandler waves him away.)
Joey : When you're off the phone, do you wanna get a pizza?
Joey : Hey listen, so when's-when's my audition? I mean I know it's Thursday, but what time? (Monica enters.)
Joey : Ah-ha!
Joey : Hey, you wanna do Joey a favor, maybe you go out with Joey. (He turns around to see Chandler glaring at him.)
Joey : This right here is where I keep the pizza. (He points to the chair.) And uh that's where the napkin is. (Points to the floor next to the chair.)
Joey : I know! (Shrugs his shoulders.)
Joey : This is where I keep the pizza. (It's the same location as before.) And-Hey! Where did the napkin go?! (The napkin is not in it's spot.) Commercial Break
Joey : (in a funny voice) Yeah, so it turns out that it wasn't the hair straightener that started the fire. (Rachel prompts him on what to say next.) No-no, it was the candles. It's very not good leaving candles unattended. In fact, one of the first things they teach you in fire school is... (Phoebe suddenly enters.) Uhh... Uhh... Okay. Well, I have to go now. (Phoebe leaves.)
Joey : Well Ross, it seems pretty clear. I mean what's more important? What people think or how you feel, huh? Ross, you gotta follow your heart.
Joey : Hey-hey-hey! So, how did it go with Dana? Any reason I should leave a block of time open say Thursday?
Joey : You couldn't do it?!
Joey : Ah whatever!
Joey : No that's all right. Don't worry about it.
Joey : Rach! Hey! It's fine! You're at Joey's!
Joey : Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
Joey : I know. (Rachel throws some of hers down.)
Joey : All right, don't waste it, I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.)
Joey : Hey, here you go. (Hands her another one.)
Joey : Oh, very funny. I don't know if you remember, but my audition was supposed to be Thursday. (Chandler doesn't say anything until Joey figures it out.) You got me the audition?! Let's hug it up! (They hug.)
Joey : That's right, all the ladies want to stay at Joey's.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : So?
Joey : Well that thing is clearing in the way! All right. Ah-ha! (He grabs a screwdriver and starts to attack the compressor, only he causes a small short circuit and shocks himself.) Ah-ah!! Damn fridge! (Rachel enters from her new room.)
Joey : Great! Roomie!
Joey : Yeah! Well, now that you brought it up, our fridge is broken. We have to get a new one. Now, I checked around and your half is $400. Thanks a lot.
Joey : Look Rach, my parents bought this fridge just after I was born, okay? Now, I have never had a problem with it. Then you show up and it breaks! What does that tell ya'?
Joey : All right, now you know that the ATM will only lets you take out 300 at a time, I'll take a check for the other hundred.
Joey : Of course I'm jokin'! I don't take checks.
Joey : Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you Chandler.
Joey : Ooh! So close. (Ross and Elizabeth enter.)
Joey : Hey-hey come on you guys, give him a break. Ross, seriously, how's it going with her?
Joey : Huh.
Joey : The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes-Hey, what was in that brown jar?
Joey : Not anymore. So anyway, how do you want to pay me?
Joey : No! No! No! For my new fridge-our new fridge!
Joey : So what? Look, suppose we were a divorced couple.
Joey : And I got custody of the kid, right? Now suppose the kid dies and-and I gotta buy a new kid.
Joey : (pause) Give me $400!
Joey : Or! You can just, y'know... (He walks up close to whisper in Ross's ear and when he gets there he pushes Ross into the fridge.)
Joey : What? What the hell am I doing? You just broke my fridge!
Joey : Oh-ho-ho, you think I don't know what breaks my fridge? Excuse me! (He opens the door and feels inside.) Well what do you know! Broken! That'll be $400!
Joey : (pause) You pushed him!
Joey : All right. Chandler, do you remember how I told you about our fridge?
Joey : I still haven't gotten a check for your half yet.
Joey : I'm not talking to you! You broke my fridge!
Joey : (entering) Pheebs! There you are! Okay, you broke my fridge; you owe me 400 bucks!
Joey : Really?!
Joey : Call it even?
Joey : Man, she is going to have a great time! Is she staying at the Hotel Corona?
Joey : Sure! I was there! Spring Break '81! Woo-hoo!
Joey : So what? I drove down, sold T-shirts, had a blast. And y'know who knows how to party? Drunk college chicks.
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : I just got this really weird message from Ross. He said turn on MTV.
Joey : Ahh, to be 13 again.
Joey : The reactor's gonna blow in three seconds, we're never gonna make it!
Joey : No! I won't leave you!
Joey : No you're not! Not to me!
Joey : What?
Joey : Yeah, you're great! Okay, let's take it from...
Joey : Yeah, I thought I was pretty good too.
Joey : Y'know what? I think that's enough for now. Yeah. I don't want to be over rehearsed.
Joey : Oh, it's a new TV show. Yeah. I'm up for the part of Mac Macaveli or "Mac." Yeah, I'm a detective and I solve crimes with the help of my robot partner. He's a, he's a Computerized Humanoid Electronically Enhanced Secret Enforcer or-or "C.H.E.E.S.E."
Joey : That's the title! Yeah! Y'know they really lucked out that the initials spell cheese.
Joey : Well, don't get your hopes up, because probably not gonna happen.
Joey : I mean come on you guys! My own TV show? I just don't know if I'm good enough.
Joey : You really think so?
Joey : ? Yeah, and oh she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
Joey : ? It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this. (Does this intense look where it looks like he's smelling a fart.)
Joey : (there's a gunshot on TV) There's my scene, there's my scene. [Joey on tv] "Mrs. Wallace, I'm Dr. Drake Ramoray, your sister's neurosurgeon.? I'm afraid the situation is much worse than we expected. Your sister is suffering from a..." (Does the smell-the-fart look.) [The next flashback is from The One With The Butt.? The gang is watching Joey in Freud!]
Joey : (on stage in an Austrian accent) Vell, Eva, ve've done some excellent vork here, and I vould have to say, your pwoblem is qviiite clear. (He goes into a song and dance number.) All you want is a dingle,What you envy's a schwang,A thing through which you can tinkle,Or play with, or simply let hang... [The next flashback is also from The One With The Butt and it's also on the soundtrack.? He's Joey telling everyone about his big break in Monica and Rachel's apartment.]
Joey : ? I play Al Pacino's butt. All right? He goes into the shower, and then- I'm his butt.
Joey : ? C'mon, you guys. This is a real movie, and Al Pacino's in it, and that's big!
Joey : Okay, okay, fine! Make jokes, I don't care! This is a big break for me!
Joey : All right well, I'm outta here. Wish me luck.
Joey : Yeah, whatever. (Exits.)
Joey : (entering, dejectedly) Hey.
Joey : Terrible! I messed up every line! I shouldn't even be an actor!
Joey : Yeah, did I fool ya?
Joey : Oh, it went amazingly well!
Joey : Yeah-yeah, it's down to me and two other guys.
Joey : And I know both of them, they're really good. One of them is the guy from those allergy commercials who's always getting chased by those big flowers...
Joey : I'm just so nervous! Y'know? The callback isn't until tomorrow at five. I feel like my head is going to explode!
Joey : There's just so much pressure. I mean no offense, but what you guys do is very different. I don't know if you'd understand.
Joey : I want this part so much! Y'know? If I don't get this part I'm never gonna eat Macaroni and Cheese again!-No, I didn't say that! That's a lie.
Joey : Yes!! Ha-ha!! All right! Hey! How cool would it be if you could watch like a real life-sized version of this? Huh? I mean how crazy would that be?
Joey : (on phone) Hello? (Listens) What are you talking about? The audition's not 'til
Joey : The allergy guy got the part! Thanks!
Joey : How could you do this to me Chandler?! This part could've turned my whole career around!
Joey : Hey, you don't even live here anymore! What are you doing answering my phone? I have my machine!
Joey : ? And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Joey : ? What?!! That's even worse!!
Joey : ? I don't know! But it's the same!
Joey : ? Over the line?! You-you're-you're so far past the line, that you-you can't even see the line! The line is a dot to you! [Cut back to Joey and Rachel's apartment.]
Joey : Name one! [Chandler proceeds to point out Joey's errors in this forth set of flashbacks. The first flashback is from The One With The Cat. ? Chandler has just returned home to see that their apartment has been cleaned out and finds Joey trapped in the entertainment center.]
Joey : (getting out) Awww, man! He promised he wouldn't take the chairs!!
Joey : ? Well, this guy came by to look at the unit and-and he said he didn't think big enough to fit a grown man!
Joey : ? I was tryin' to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I'm gonna do?
Joey : No way!? I've been going to the guy for 12 years.
Joey : That's how they do pants!? Ross, will you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
Joey : I said name one! Commercial Break ?
Joey : Okay, buddy-boy. Here it is. You hide my clothes, I'm wearing everything you own.
Joey : Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando... (Chandler does this throat sound.)
Joey : Yeah. Whew, it's hot with all of this stuff on. I ah, I better not do any, I don't know, lunges. (starts doing lunges) [The next flashback is from The One Where Eddie Moves In. ? It's the sequence where Joey and Chandler are both saddened that they're not living together anymore. All By Myself is playing in the background.] [Joey's place. He goes to say something to Chandler in the other chair but no one's there. He goes to call Chandler but decides not to and throws the phone back down.] [Chandler's. He's playing foosball by himself.] [Joey's. Playing ping pong by himself.] [Chandler is sitting in front of a window while it's raining outside. We see Joey through a rainy window. The camera zooms out to show it's just his tabletop water sculpture.]
Joey : Hey!
Joey : What message?
Joey : What?! It's 6 o'clock!
Joey : I can't believe this Chandler!
Joey : Well you-you-you-you might say congratulations! I saw the board! I went to the audition! I got the part!!
Joey : Oh, well I'm uh...
Joey : Oh wow! Okay man, I'm sorry. I did not mean to make you feel bad.
Joey : (shocked) That's mean! You really had me going there!
Joey : Yeah, you're right. Okay look, listen, let's talk about what a huge star I'm gonna be!
Joey : You hug me!
Joey : Hey, do we do this too much?
Joey : Yeah. (They separate.) Ending Credits ?
Joey : Come on C.H.E.E.S.E., I'm not leaving without you! Try routing your backup source through your primary CPU.
Joey : Wow! (Back to reading the scene.) Well then I'll just have to carry you. (Suddenly Ross jumps up from behind the counter armed with a plastic gun. By the way, he's overacting too.)
Joey : Ross, you don't have to yell.
Joey : Y'know what? I think that's enough for today. Thanks for your help! (He grabs their scripts and heads for his room.)
Joey : (entering) Hey guys!
Joey : Am I psyched? The lead in my own TV series? I've dreamed about this for years! Why have I not been preparing?!
Joey : But I got to act with a robot Pheebs, and-and I don't know anything about technology! I can't even use Chandler's computer except to find porn! And-and that's only 'cause it's right there when you turn it on!
Joey : Wow! Huh? (Picks up the phone) Mac Macaveli, Private Investigator! The
Joey : Okay. Hey uh, when do I get to meet the robot? The
Joey : Okay. The
Joey : Oh wow! He's so lifelike! (Starts touching the guy's cheeks) Unbelievable! (He starts tugging on the guy's ears. The
Joey : (slaps Wayne on his cheek) How do you do there, Wayne? (Backs away.) The
Joey : Okay. Sorry about that...(Mimics that cheek thing he just did.) Uh, so where's C.H.E.E.S.E.?
Joey : (laughs) This is like the temporary robot, right?
Joey : Well, I-I just, I just it was going to be like a really cool robot, y'know? Like the terminator or uh, when I first saw you.
Joey : I'm sorry, it just-I don't know it doesn't really look like it can do anything.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Pretty great! Except I did get a little attitude from the robot.
Joey : Anyway, it wasn't the robot, it was the guy who controls him. Yeah, he doesn't like me. He had C.H.E.E.S.E. knock over the sandwich right when I was reaching for one! Ohh!
Joey : I may have to, I hate to do it, but I'm the star! Y'know? There's a limit to how many sandwiches I can eat off the floor. (His cell phone rings) Excuse me. (Answers it, on phone) Joey Tribbiani.
Joey : Wow!
Joey : I'm the lead in Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E.!!
Joey : Apparently, there's like a million guys out there that can play Mac, and there's only this one robot and this one guy who controls it! I didn't know he could get me fired! What am I going to do?
Joey : Thanks, but I kinda have a problem to deal with here.
Joey : That's not a bad idea. Yeah. Okay, but if I got to turn on the charm tomorrow I'm not wasting anymore of it over here with you guys. (Starts to leave, but stops and turns to Phoebe.) Well, actually I got a little bit saved for you Pheebs. (Exits.)
Joey : Morning! Hey, how's my favorite genius and my little robot buddy?! (Pats C.H.E.E.S.E. on the head.)
Joey : Okay! (He yanks his hand away.) All right. Umm, all right Wayne, level with me. Okay? I-I keep hearing all these rumors that I might get fired. Okay, they even have actors coming in to read for my part! Come on man, you-you got to give me a second chance! I mean, I love-I love this little guy! (He grabs C.H.E.E.S.E.'s arm and pulls it off at the elbow.) Ah-ah!! (Wayne is shocked.) Okay, that's why you didn't want me to touch him right? Here you go! Okay? (Hands Wayne the arm and he goes to fix it. Meanwhile Joey starts to berate himself.) Stupid! I can't believe it! God! (A very beautiful woman walks by.) (To her) Hey, how you doin'? (He and her go over to talk and Wayne looks on with envy.)
Joey : I can't believe I'm going to lose this job!
Joey : Yeah! Help me get this mini-fridge past the security guard. (There's a knock on the door and Joey answers it to Wayne.)
Joey : Yeah? Well, I don't want to talk to you Wayne! I hate you! You ruined my life! Oh, Chandler, Wayne. Wayne, Chandler. (They shake hands.)
Joey : (incredulous) Why should I help you?!
Joey : (happily) What do you need?
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : What are you in love with her or something?
Joey : Oh wow Wayne, it's not really something you can teach y'know? It's pretty much something you're born with if you-(Off Chandler's look)-You-you can teach it! I'll show you right how to do it.
Joey : Well, it turns out you were right C.H.E.E.S.E.
Joey : (nodding knowingly) Now you're thinking you gotta sleep with him.
Joey : Me too.
Joey : Oh man! (Hits Chandler)
Joey : Hey Ross listen Chandler got you out of going to the lesbian sandwich museum this weekend!
Joey : I know. It was so cool when I was up there before. Me and Jim Belushi would just be crackin' up about something... Then I get fired off of Days Of Our Lives and he takes me down. Now he's just laughing at me. Look at him, that smug Belushi bastard, I'll...
Joey : Hey! So I'm back. The Dry
Joey : Joey Tribbiani! From the wall! (The dry cleaner doesn't remember) Okay, maybe this will jog your memory, huh? (Holds his picture up in front of his face.) Huh? Okay eh-ah-anyway, I'm ready to go back up on the wall I'm the star of a new TV show. The Dry
Joey : Oh well, it's not on TV yet. The Dry
Joey : Okay, fine, I will bring you a tape, huh? (Walks away)
Joey : (entering) Hey! So, did you watch the tape of my show? The Dry
Joey : All right, let's get me back up there! (Holds out his picture.) The Dry
Joey : What-But you saw the show! The Dry
Joey : Dry cleaners? The Dry
Joey : Okay! Okay, look! You-you-you got Harrison Ford up there! The Dry
Joey : Okay well that may be true. But, in-in okay, Air Force One the Russians were terrorists! And evil! And plus he kills a bunch of them! That-that-that's offensive to Russians. The Dry
Joey : Oh you should, it's great. (The Dry Cleaner stares at him and Joey retreats.)
Joey : Uh yeah, where-where's the guy who decides who's pictures go up on the wall? Female
Joey : Oh, you're kidding me! All-all right, well make sure you tell him that Joey Tribbiani stopped by to drop off all of these clothes. Okay? I'm an actor; I'm kinda getting my picture up there on the wall. Female
Joey : Oh really? Well, maybe you and I go out for drinks? (Pause) You're the other one right? (She thinks about it for a second and nods yes.)
Joey : I didn't do that! Who would've done that?! The Dry
Joey : Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, I-I-Hey! I did not go out with your wife! (The same woman from before enters.) Okay? I went out with her! (Points at her.) The Dry
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Hey Gunther.
Joey : Oh uh, well I just came in for a cup of coffee to go.
Joey : No! No, I quit a long time ago. (Pause) Did I forget to you that one? I'm sorry.
Joey : Hey. (Heads straight for the fridge.)
Joey : Oh, I'm sorry. You wanna bite? (Holds his piece out for him.) Opening Credits ?
Joey : No.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Oh, we're supposed to just get him a ticket?! That guy is always mooching off of us!
Joey : Oh wow that's a great idea! And I still have his credit card.
Joey : Hey-hey-hey-ho-ho, I got this one. Here you go. (Hands Gunther Chandler's card.) Y'know I gotta tell ya, sometimes I just-I don't get Chandler. Y'know, me and him do stuff all the time without you and you don't get all upset.
Joey : All the time!
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Whoa-whoa-hey-hey! (Motions to Chandler, "What's going on?") Hi, Paul is it? (Paul nods yes and still hugging Joey.)
Joey : Yes, it's in my... In...in my pocket. (Paul hasn't dropped him yet.) (Chandler starts to reach for his front pocket.) My back pocket! My back pocket!
Joey : Oh hey listen I got us tickets to a Knicks game tonight.
Joey : Come on! It'll be fun! Me, you, and Ross, and... Paul probably...
Joey : No! He blew us off!
Joey : I know!
Joey : Can I tell you something? Me too.
Joey : Ooooh! Freeze him out.
Joey : I like it!
Joey : From now on, it's gonna be Joey and Ross, best friends. (They shake hands.) Okay! We're gonna be the new Joey and Chandler.
Joey : (To Ross) I think we gotta end the freeze out.
Joey : Oh my God!!
Joey : And-and-and-and-and-and, and we're gonna be friends again!
Joey : Oh it's water under the bridge, forget it!
Joey : I think I'm gonna cry!
Joey : (holding an empty tissue box) Where's all the tissues?! (Throws the box down in disgust.) Ending Credits ?
Joey : Okay listen, how are you gonna ask her?
Joey : That sounds perfect!
Joey : You're gonna mess it up let me do it.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Hey Rach!
Joey : Where are you going? (Chandler stares at him.)
Joey : Hey, y'know what? I'll come too. I'm making money now; it's about time I give something back.
Joey : Okay. Have a benefit.
Joey : That's not what she said last night. (Ross glares at him.)
Joey : It's the big night! We wanted to wish you good luck!
Joey : (behind them) Oh!! Shrimp toast! (Walks right past the little group on his way for the shrimp toast.)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : I won! That was my guess!
Joey : I guessed 20,000!
Joey : What?! I don't have 20,000! Mr.
Joey : I didn't know it was an auction!
Joey : I figured, take a guess, help a charity, free boat!
Joey : I don't know! Charity?
Joey : Oh hi! Mr.
Joey : Just out of curiosity, how-how much is that boat worth? Mr.
Joey : (To Rachel) Hey, I was pretty close. (She just glares at him.) Uhh, so bad news. Umm, I can't buy the boat, I don't have any money. (Mr. Thompson looks shocked and at Rachel, she suddenly starts laughing.)
Joey : So uh listen, I think I'm gonna take off now. (Starts to get up.)
Joey : Well, what am I gonna do Rach?! I don't have that kind of money!
Joey : Okay.
Joey : Look, I don't know why the kids need a youth center anyway! Y'know? They should just watch TV after school like I did and I turned out fine!
Joey : Rach! Rachel! Okay, the next highest bidder is at table one.
Joey : (To Phoebe) Oh and uh the guy who got the Paris trip is at table four.
Joey : Uhh, excuse me is there a Mr. Bowmont at this table? Mr.
Joey : Ahh, yes. (Pushes Rachel in front of himself so that she could do the talking.)
Joey : You-you have to pay that! It's not just a guess.
Joey : Are you kidding me?! She's gonna this boat!
Joey : Aw-awww! Mr.
Joey : Oooooh... Mr.
Joey : No way! It's mine!!
Joey : All that stuff you just said? I want that!
Joey : Who cares?! I-I'll make payments, whatever it takes, I want the Mr. Bowmont!!
Joey : Oh my God, you're back!
Joey : Yeah. (Chandler puts his face in his hands as Joey and Phoebe start to examine the trash.)
Joey : What?! Noooo... (Phoebe gasps.)
Joey : We didn't ruin it!
Joey : Glove salesman!
Joey : Hey, being you is finally gonna pay off! (They give each other fives.)
Joey : That guy's still doing that?!
Joey : Yeah! And also, a little like a French guy. (They both squint at each other.) I never noticed that before.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : (laughs) Yeah, Big Brother.
Joey : (all excited) The Mr. Bowmont's here!!! (Jumps over the back off the couch and runs out into the street.)
Joey : Hey uh, have you guys scene Chandler?
Joey : Hey Monica!
Joey : This is for my boat, pretty cool huh?
Joey : Whoa-whoa, what's the matter?! Talk to the captain!
Joey : Chandler giving you a hard time huh?
Joey : Well, you know Chandler.
Joey : Maybe you changed?
Joey : Maybe that's the problem.
Joey : Chandler is a complex fellow, one who is unlikely to take a wife.
Joey : I don't know! (All excited) I haven't totally decided how to talk on my boat yet.
Joey : Monica face it, Chandler is against marriage. And-and always will be!
Joey : There are?
Joey : R-R-Richard said he wants to marry you?! (Monica nods yes.) And-and Chandler's tellin' ya how much he hates marriage?!
Joey : Chandler loves marriage!!
Joey : You got that from what I said?!
Joey : Where the hell have you been?!
Joey : Richard told Monica he wants to marry her!
Joey : Yeah! Yeah, I've been trying to find ya to tell to stop messing with her and maybe I would have if these (lifts a leg) damn boat shoes wouldn't keep flying off!
Joey : I know! They suck!!
Joey : I know!
Joey : Look, Chandler I don't think us getting our asses kicked is a solution. Okay? Just go and find Monica!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Okay.
Joey : Dude-dude-dude!
Joey : Let me know about that coconut phone, it might great for the boat. Commercial Break ?
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Phoebe! We're both (points at Ross and himself) your backup?!
Joey : No we weren't!
Joey : Pick me!!
Joey : This is crazy! Hey look, I wanna switch to Rachel!
Joey : Okay that's fair.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Dude!
Joey : She's gone.
Joey : She's gone. She had a bag and she left.
Joey : She was all crying. She-she said you guys want different things, and that and that she needed time to think.
Joey : I-I did! I told her everything, Chandler! But she wouldn't believe me.
Joey : To her parent's I think and she said you shouldn't call her. But if I were you I would.
Joey : I am so sorry man. (He walks dejectedly into his apartment to find it lit with about a thousand candles and Monica standing in the living room.)
Joey : (yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We're dying out here!
Joey : Yeah! (They all hug again.) Ending Credits ?
Joey : (grabbing the candy bar) Yeah I?ll take that.
Joey : Yeah, she?s been out there for twenty minutes, I?m surprised you didn?t hear her on the way over.
Joey : But I-I-I can?t stay too long, I gotta get up early for a commercial audition tomorrow and I gotta look good. I?m supposed to be playing a 19-year-old. (Everyone stops in their tracks upon hearing this.) What?
Joey : You guys don?t think I look 19? (A brief silence ensues.)
Joey : (To Phoebe) Hey, is uh the rest of my candy bar around here?
Joey : I was afraid of that. (Walks out and after he closes the door Phoebe turns around and takes a bite out of what is left of his candy bar.)
Joey : ?Sup? ?Sup dude?
Joey : So you?re playing a little Playstation, huh? That?s whack! Playstation is whack! ?Sup with the whack Playstation, ?sup?! Huh? Come on, am I 19 or what?!
Joey : Come on man, really how old?!
Joey : Wow thanks! (He goes into his bedroom and closes the door.)
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : When? Today? Some, not a lot.
Joey : Don?t worry about that man, that happens.
Joey : Yeah! Once.
Joey : I did it anyway.
Joey : Oh my God! I cannot believe you guys are talking about this! The problems in the bedroom are between the man and the woman!!! All right?!! Now Chandler is doing the best he can!!
Joey : What?
Joey : You guys kissed! Oh my?this is huge!
Joey : Monica-Monica-Monica-Monica, listen-listen, listen, listen, would-would it make you feel better if we all stop talking about Ross and Rachel.
Joey : You got it. Okay. Now, I can pass for 19 right?!
Joey : Really?
Joey : Seriously?
Joey : (gasps) I?m 30!
Joey : (realizes) Aww crap!
Joey : Psss, that is whack! [Time lapse, Phoebe is playing the guitar for Joey.]
Joey : Yeah! Well, I think we?ll see if they actually let you play. Huh? I mean they tell you anything you want to hear like-like, "You look 19," and then they just take it away like-like, "No you don?t."
Joey : Wouldn?t she?
Joey : Would she? (He smells something and gasps as he realizes what it is.) You ate my candy bar!
Joey : They break your heart, don?t they?
Joey : Yeah! If you wanna sing at their wedding, well you sing at their wedding!
Joey : What?! What?s wrong with my eyes.
Joey : And that?ll get rid of my wisdom?
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Who wants French toast?
Joey : Good, me too. (Tosses him the loaf.) Eggs and milk are in the fridge. Thanks.
Joey : (sitting up from the couch) Hey Mon, do you have another pillow? (Holds up one.) Y'know, something a little snugglyer?
Joey : Well, the duck...
Joey : Uh, well he did not get sick somewhere in there and it was immediately found and properly cleaned up!
Joey : (sitting up again) Guys! Guys!! You gotta let me nap! Ugh, I'm gonna get cranky!
Joey : Yes it is perfectly good, and it is not one of the places the duck got sick!
Joey : All right, I'm gonna go! (Gets up and heads for the door.)
Joey : I don't know! But he did not eat your face cream! [Cut to Joey and Rachel's, Joey enters and heads for his bedroom. He pushes open the door to find the duck.]
Joey : Hey little buddy, how are you feeling? (The duck does not get sick and Joey recoils in horror and heads for the couch.) What the hell is in that face cream? (He's about to try out the couch but notices the bed in Rachel's room. He walks into her room and feels the bed.) That's so soft. (He pulls back the comforter.) Pillowcases! (He climbs in and groans in delight. Suddenly, he feels something under him and pulls out a little beat up paperback book. He opens it and starts to read from it.) (In his head.) Zelda looked at the chimney sweep. Her father, the vicar...(Stops reading and thinks.) The vicar? (Continues reading) ...wouldn't be home for hours. Her loins were burning. She threw caution to the wind and reached out and grabbed his...(Out loud.) Whoa! (Reads on in silence.) Whoa-ho-ho-ho! This is a dirty book! (Continues to read.)
Joey : Sweepin'. Why? Turn you on?
Joey : Huh. What if I was sweeping a chimney?
Joey : Where are you going? The vicar won't be home for hours. (She comes back out.)
Joey : Where do you think, (pause) Zelda?
Joey : Yeah I did!
Joey : Okay, look I'm sorry, I went in there to take a nap and I know I shouldn't have, but you got porn!
Joey : You got porn!
Joey : Hey Rach.
Joey : Hey Rach, do you smell smoke?
Joey : No-no-no, I'm serious. You don't smell it? Something's on fire.
Joey : Oh, y'know what? It's probably just your burnin' loins.
Joey : Dude, what are you massaging an old man for?
Joey : Gotcha.
Joey : Hello, Zelda.
Joey : The vicar!
Joey : Like a goalie, right?
Joey : All right, I'm sorry. Rach I-Rach I'm sorry. Okay? I'm sorry! Maybe I can make up for it by, taking you roughly in the barn. (Giggles.)
Joey : Huh?
Joey : (nervously backing away) I-I-I-I did? (He puts a stool in front of her.)
Joey : This body? (He backs into the kitchen.)
Joey : Hey-hey, you're startin' to sound like the butcher's wife there in-in chapter seven.
Joey : What?
Joey : Eyes! No, no. Your eyes! No. Chandler?s eyes!
Joey : Feminine.
Joey : (entering) Ahoy!
Joey : Great! I?m finally getting into this sailing stuff.
Joey : Why would I do that? It took three guys to get the thing in there!
Joey : Oh, it?s great! It?s a great place to just kinda, sit, hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips. (He says that as he sits, hangs around, drinks a beer, and eats a chip.)
Joey : You could?
Joey : (drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he?s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names his boat Coast Guard anyway?
Joey : What are they doing out here? The coast?s all the way over there. (Points to the coast, meanwhile there is coast behind him.)
Joey : All right.
Joey : Come on Rach, not again. I got it! Okay? Let?s start sailing, and I want to go over there (Points) where that boatload of girls is! (Yelling to them) Yo-ho-ho!
Joey : Uh, boat rope.
Joey : Uhh, rub it?
Joey : I?d say, come again. No-no, wait I-I-I know this one, I know this one, uh? (Rachel blasts an air horn in his ear.)
Joey : And deaf!
Joey : Yes.
Joey : I want to make a ship to shore call to Chandler.
Joey : (entering) Hey.
Joey : I don?t want to talk about it. Y?know, you could?ve at least saved me a whole cookie. (He grabs what?s left of the cookie and pops in his mouth.) Monica and
Joey : (recoils in horror) Women are mean!!! (Storms out.)
Joey : (entering) Hey.
Joey : Oh uh, I don?t know the boat way to say this, but uh never!
Joey : Because! You?re mean on the boat!
Joey : Well, lesson learned! Rachel is mean!
Joey : Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer pinhead!?"
Joey : Six and a half! You knocked that last one out of my hand! Remember?
Joey : Well it hit me anyway! And it would?ve hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
Joey : You won?t boss me around anymore?
Joey : And you?ll be nice?
Joey : And you?ll be topless?
Joey : Do you want me to learn?!
Joey : Ohh yeah.
Joey : Nope.
Joey : I don?t know why you just don?t say left.
Joey : Huh?
Joey : (hurrying over) Okay! Okay, you?re yelling again! See that?
Joey : Oh, y?know what? Since I?m here, I think I?m gonna have me a little beer on the port side. (Grabs and opens one.)
Joey : Uh, wow, you just said a bunch of stuff I didn?t know there.
Joey : Oh, y?know, when we did that was when that bird was flying overhead with the fish in his mouth. Did you see it? It was gross!
Joey : All right that?s it! You?re yelling and I don?t see you taking your top off! I quit!
Joey : Why not?!
Joey : Greens? I?m a Tribbiani! And Tribbianis quit!
Joey : Yes! Yes! You did and you?re still yelling at me!
Joey : Well, hey I did learn.
Joey : Yeah! Come on.
Joey : Yeah, it?s okay. I know what a mainsail is. (Points to it. It?s the larger sail.) I know, I know to duck when the boom comes across. I-I know port is right.
Joey : Damnit!
Joey : Yeah, yeah. Hey, why don?t you give a pull on that rope? (Points.)
Joey : Just pull on it.
Joey : What else?
Joey : Thank you.
Joey : What are you doing?
Joey : What you?don?t hold it like that! You?re lettin? all the good stuff fall out. (More falls out.)
Joey : (laughing and turning off the TV) So, what did you guys think? (They all make happy faces as they are unable to express their feelings verbally. Finally, the phone rings and the race to answer it is won by Monica.)
Joey : (on phone) Mom, so what did you think? (He walks away allowing the gang a chance to figure out what they?re gonna say.)
Joey : (hangs up the phone) Wow! Well, my folks really liked it! So what-what did you guys think? (Phoebe smiles, walks up to him, and presses her breasts against him.) It wasn?t that good. Opening Credits
Joey : (entering from bathrooms excitedly) You guys! You guys! You?re not gonna believe what my agent just told me!
Joey : Ooh, sorry. Sorry. You finish, go.
Joey : I?m gonna be on two TV shows! Monica and
Joey : Oh, you weren?t finished?
Joey : Uh Rach, if you?re gonna start another story, at least let me finish mine.
Joey : (groans in disgust) Wow, it?s really long.
Joey : Well, these really are the days of our lives.
Joey : Well, since you ask. They want me back on Days of Our Lives!
Joey : I?ll be playing Drake Remoray?s twin brother, Stryker!
Joey : (jumps up) Well?I got a head rush from standing up to fast right there.
Joey : Hey Terry!
Joey : It?s been a while, huh? Wow, it?s funny these halls look smaller then they used to.
Joey : So! Stryker Remoray huh? When do you want me to start?
Joey : Okay.
Joey : (looking between the pages and him) Audition? I thought you were gonna offer me the part.
Joey : Well, I was Dr. Drake Remoray, Stryker?s twin brother. I mean, who looks more me than me right?
Joey : Y?know Terry, I-I don?t really need to do this. I got my own cable TV series, (Pause) with a robot.
Joey : Well. I guess you think you?re pretty special huh? Sittin? up here in your fancy small hall building. Makin? stars jump through hoops for ya, huh? Well y?know what? (Throws the script away) This is one star who?s hoop? This is a star that the hoop?this hoop?I was Dr. Drake Remoray!
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Was she happy you gave her the job?
Joey : (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh hey! Can you, can you hang on a second? (To Phoebe and Rachel) It?s the producers over at Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E. can you excuse me for a minute? (On phone) Hey, funny you should call. I was just looking over next week?s script. (Listens) Canceled?! (Listens) Like they?re taking it off the air? (Listens) Ohh. (Listens) All right, see you Monday. (Listens) We?re not even shootin? them anymore?!! (Listens) All right, bye! (Hangs up) They canceled Mac and C.H.E.E.S.E!
Joey : Why would they do that?! It was a good show right?! (Phoebe and Rachel both pause, look at each other, and go press their breasts against him. Which Joey doesn?t mind, of course.)
Joey : How could this happen to me?! Yesterday I had two TV shows! Today, I got nothin?!
Joey : Uh, well they might be a little mad at me over there.
Joey : Well maybe I got a little upset and maybe I told them where they could go.
Joey : Because they wanted me to audition!
Joey : Hey! Terry.
Joey : Wait! Terry! Wait?Look?Wait I-I? Look, I?m really sorry about before. I was an idiot thinking I?m too big to audition for you. You gotta give me another chance.
Joey : Wait! Terry! Please! Look, I just lost my other job. Okay? You have no idea how much I need this. Please, help me out, for old times sake. [Cut to a hospital room set on the Days of Our Lives stage. Two nurses are standing next to a bed with a man whose face is completely covered in bandages and reading his chart.] Nurse
Joey : (jumping up and removing the bandages) I?m back baby! Ha-ha-ha!
Joey : Uhh, well I?ve got an audition down the street and I spilled sauce all over the front of my shirt. (Removes his hand to reveal a huge sauce stain.) You got an extra one?
Joey : Great. (He doesn?t like it.) You got anything that?s not Ralph Lauren?
Joey : All right, I guess this will be fine.
Joey : Nothing, why?
Joey : Huh, Rach I got to say it?s gonna take a lot of money for me to go out on a date with a dude.
Joey : Really? ?Cause I could kinda use the money.
Joey : Yeah, okay.
Joey : Sure, no problem. (Sees something.) Ooh?Hey, donuts!
Joey : Okay. (He grabs a jelly donut, takes a bite, and guess what he spills all over himself. He tries to clean it up and smears it all over the shirt.)
Joey : See? That?s a great smile! Easy. Natural. Now, pretend I have a camera. (Chandler immediately does The Face.) You?re changing it!
Joey : All right, all right, all right, all right, you wanna know what I do when I take resume shots?
Joey : Okay, first?first of all, you want to make it look spontaneous. I look down (Looks down), look down, keep looking down; then I look up. (Looks up and smiles.) See? All right, now you try. Look down (Chandler looks down), you?re looking down, keep looking down?
Joey : I had a donut. (Chandler nods.)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Yeah! That guy?s all right!
Joey : What?
Joey : Hey well, you can?t teach someone to be good with women. Y?know, that?s why I never had any luck with Chandler.
Joey : Hey! No-no-no-no, you can?t take him away from me! I got a great partner to pick up girls with! Finally!!
Joey : (shocked) What?!
Joey : I know, Monica told me.
Joey : I don?t know Rach.
Joey : One! (Pause.) No ten! You said ten! You can?t take that back!
Joey : I don?t know. You uh, you got something for me?
Joey : Ten. Okay. Now Tag there?s such a thing as to many women.
Joey : Yeah, for you!
Joey : Yeah, we look great together.
Joey : Y?know, we don?t have to imagine.
Joey : Yep. Hey, what do you say we make it a double feature?
Joey : Die Hard 2.
Joey : Oh, well we watch it a second time and its Die Hard 2!
Joey : And?
Joey : What are you talking about? Bitch.
Joey : Well, I don?t know!!
Joey : Yeah. Yep. Yeah. All right, well uh, I?d better go.
Joey : Yeah. All right, I?ll talk to you later.
Joey : No! Never! Never! (Pause, then Joey wants to shake Ross?s hand.) Bye.
Joey : Hey! What?s going on?
Joey : Hey! Well I hope it goes better than the last time you did it for that girl downstairs, remember? (Phoebe glares at him.)
Joey : Hey-hey-hey-hey, I can help you decide who should do it! Yeah, we could have like uh, like an audition and see how you?d handle maid of honor type situations.
Joey : Like when I want a job, I go to an audition and if I?m the best of the people they see, they give me the part.
Joey : Oh uh, me and Ross can be the judges.
Joey : Hi.
Joey : Uh hey look uh Ross, look I think we need to talk about before.
Joey : Yes we do! Now look, that was the best nap I ever had!!
Joey : Come on! Admit it! That was the best nap you ever had!
Joey : Okay! When?!
Joey : Uh-huh!
Joey : I want to do it again.
Joey : Why not?
Joey : Fine! Do you want something to drink?
Joey : Warm milk and Excedrin P.M. (Ross just leaves.) Commercial Break
Joey : Okay, all right, this is how it?s going to work. We?re gonna give you hypothetical maid of honor situations and you will be scored on a scale of 1 to 10, 1 being the highest.
Joey : Why is 10 the highest?
Joey : (crying) I don?t want to marry Chandler!
Joey : I?ve got cold feet.
Joey : No, one man for the rest of my life? I don?t know if I can do it! This means I?ll never get to sleep with Joey!
Joey : (out of his Monica character) Very good! Drawing on your own experience, I like that!
Joey : Okay, Phoebe?
Joey : We?re now in the ceremony, Monica is about to say, "I do" when her drunk uncle starts yelling. What do you do? Go!
Joey : Yes! Excellent! Perfect score!
Joey : Oh! That?s nice.
Joey : Wow. (To Ross) Good speech.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : And she?s back in the game.
Joey : All right, well first of all I would like to say that you both performed very well. Okay? You should be proud of yourselves. And-and I would also like to say that in this competition there are no losers. Well, except for Rachel?Damnit!
Joey : Boy I tell ya, that judging stuff took a lot out of me.
Joey : Yeah! I was thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch. (Raises his eyebrows, questioning Ross to see if he wants to join him.)
Joey : No reason, I?m just saying that uh? That?s where I?ll be. (Joey gets up and heads for the door. After a pause Ross decides to join him.)
Joey : Great nap.
Joey : (reacting first by jumping up) Dude! What the hell are you doing?! God! (Heads for his room leaving Ross.)
Joey : Morning!
Joey : Pretty good.
Joey : Okay, really good. Anyway I gotta go; I?m late for work.
Joey : Yeah?Hey, don?t worry, she?s a terrific girl. And hey listen, could you do me a favor? When she comes out could you just mention that I?m not looking for a serious relationship; that?d be great.
Joey : Just casually slip it in, y?know lay the groundwork. Tell her uh, I?m a loner?No! An outlaw! Tell her she doesn?t want to get mixed up with the likes of me.
Joey : Hey, I?m gonna call her later! Honest! Oh come on, Chandler used to do it! He?d even make the girl pancakes! Plus, he?d make extras and leave ?em for me.
Joey : Fine! (Pause) Now, where?d we land on those pancakes? (She chases him out the door as his date emerges from the bathroom.) Joey?s
Joey : Hey! What?s up? Phoebe and
Joey : Hey-hey, who?s your friend? (Erin turns around to face Joey, startling him) Hey!!
Joey : Erin! Still here!
Joey : Why wouldn?t ya? Erin is great! Then-then there?s you guys.
Joey : Yeah. I?ll uh, I?ll call ya.
Joey : (to Erin) Okay, good to see you again.
Joey : Bye-bye.
Joey : So, system kinda broke down huh?!
Joey : What?!!
Joey : No idea? Who do you think brought her here?
Joey : Man, do you know what guys want!
Joey : My beers?! Look you guys, she?s a very nice girl. Okay? We had a good time, but I just?I don?t see it going anywhere.
Joey : Look I?m sorry you guys, I-I just don?t think so.
Joey : Hey, don?t start judging me! (To Rachel) Huh? You?re the one who?s in love with her assistant! (To Phoebe) Huh? And you, you?re the one having the affair with the guy who keeps the pigeons on the roof!
Joey : Now hold on a second, fifth floor against that back wall?
Joey : All right, so we should go catch our movie.
Joey : I like to see the previews. (Rachel looks at him.) The candy.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Erin.
Joey : (skeptical) What party? Phoebe and
Joey : Who?s birthday party? Phoebe and
Joey : (still skeptical) Oh, and how is Allison? Phoebe and
Joey : (still skeptical) Yeah, look how that worked out. Commercial Break
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Oh, unbelievable! We had the best time!
Joey : No! No! No! You guys were totally right! This is so much better than the first time we went out. Y?know? That was so awkward, we were really nervous.
Joey : Yeah that really calms me down. And! We have so much in common! She loves sandwiches, sports, although she is a Met fan, not much of an issue now but if were ever to have kids, well that?s a?
Joey : Okay.
Joey : How can you say that?! The Mets have no closer!
Joey : What about Game 1 of the Series?
Joey : You shut up! (To Phoebe and Rachel) I love arguing with her. (To Erin) I?ll be right back.
Joey : (returning) Hey! You wanna go?
Joey : Okay. See you guys later.
Joey : (whispers to Phoebe and Rachel) Hey, thank you so much. (They both exit.)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh, it was great! I mean we walked all around the village. We went to this ice cream place, split a milkshake, 70/30 but still? And guess what, I?m thinking about taking her upstate to one of those bed and breakfasts.
Joey : No-no-no-no-no! It?s a surprise, but it?s gonna be tricky thought because she said she was gonna be pretty busy at work for a while. Phoebe and
Joey : Where are you gettin? this?
Joey : Oh. Oh.
Joey : No hey Rach, it?s cool okay? Y?know I?m a loner too! (Heads for his room.) Right?
Joey : No! No. Don?t do that, just next time make sure she really likes me.
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : (coming back out) Finally!
Joey : Say hello to the new champ of Chandler's dumb states game.
Joey : Fifty-six! Opening Credits
Joey : Hey! How is New England not a state? Huh? They have a sports-team!
Joey : 46. Wow! Who's well educated now, Mr. I-forgot-ten-states?
Joey : (gets up) All right. Don't look at my list, Ross, 'cause there's a lot on there that you don't have.
Joey : But the drawer full of take-out menus is okay, right?
Joey : Don't worry, Chandler, it's not a globe of the United States. [Chandler and Monica head out with some stuff. Phoebe comes out of her room with a bag.]
Joey : What the hell is in there?
Joey : Yeah that dog left!
Joey : (interrupting him) Don't do it!
Joey : Told ya. (Waves bye-bye.)
Joey : Look, Chandler, I told you, never tell anyone about this dog thing. It's like Ross not likin? ice cream.
Joey : Half hour. (Rachel turns to look at him and he nods yes.)
Joey : All right, Rach, the big question is, does he like you? All right? Because if he doesn't like you, this is all a moo-point.
Joey : Yeah, it's like a cow's opinion. It just doesn't matter. It's moo.
Joey : Fine! Take their advice. No one ever listens to me. When the package is this pretty, no one cares what's inside. [Cut to the balcony, Tag is looking down while Rachel enters.]
Joey : (through the window) All right, he likes you back! Huh? Told ya, you should go for it!
Joey : (realizes what he said) Street noise drowned any of that out? (Rachel moves madly towards him) No, all right, I see you later, okay... (Turns away embarrassed) Commercial Break
Joey : (entering) Okay, I'm in my sweat pants. Bring on the food! (Sees that Chandler has a worried look on his face) What's the matter?
Joey : So? Bring the dog back, you're a hero.
Joey : Chandler, it's like a big gerbil.
Joey : Ross, you need some help?
Joey : (sits down next to Ross) First of all, Utah? Dude, you can't just make stuff up! [Time lapse, Ross still laying a lot out the states.]
Joey : Hey! Tag's still talking to the police.
Joey : If you said it like that, you probably did, yeah. [Rachel walks past Joey towards the couch]
Joey : Oh No-no-no-no-no-no-no! He went over to Ross' to bring the dog back here!
Joey : You think? [The door opens and Chandler comes in. Rachel covers the door with a blanket]
Joey : Hey.
Joey : I do. There?s uh, let?s see, Guy With a Mustache, Smokes-A-Lot Lady, Some Kids I?ve Seen, and A Red-haired Guy Who Does Not Like To Be Called Rusty.
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : Uh well yeah, that was the plan, but by the time I got to it there was only a couple of pieces left!
Joey : Hey Mon, you might wanna make some more lasagna too, because something might?ve happened to a huge chunk of it. (Ross enters.)
Joey : Almost cried huh? Hear that Chandler? Almost cried!
Joey : (about to cry) Those two only had each other!
Joey : Yeah, I saw her this morning walkin? it by the park.
Joey : Hey Pheebs?
Joey : Hey Rach?
Joey : That sketch you mentioned? Might it have looked a little something like this? (He shows her what he?s been drawing.)
Joey : Boy I tell ya, this little talent came in handy before I could afford porn. (There is a knock on the door and Monica answers it. There is a woman standing there.) The
Joey : (watching the discussion) Hey Chandler, do we know that lady?
Joey : Yeah lady! Give us candy!!
Joey : What?s up buddy?
Joey : Waiting for candy.
Joey : (stepping in and knocking the man over) Hey, if we know it can we have candy?!!
Joey : That?s right, it?s all ruined! You guys ruined everything! You ruined it! (Steps into the apartment and Chandler closes the door.) (Joey struts over to the candy and starts eating it.)
Joey : (with his mouth full) Oh yeah, sorry about that. Mob mentality or whatever, I don?t know? (Grabs the note.) Ending Credits
Joey : Hey. (He exits)
Joey : Hey! Great, you?re home! Guess what Phoebe got me for Christmas! (Starts drumming.)
Joey : (yelling) No! Drums!
Joey : Hey-hey, Pheebs, check it out, we already learned a song. (To Rachel) Ready? One, two, three, four... [Rachel hits some tom-toms and ends up on the 'crash'-cymbal, which is in fact a ride-cymbal, but whatever...] Rachel and
Joey : Tequila!!
Joey : Thank you. (He gets up and puts on his jacket.) (Phoebe enters) Hey Pheebs!
Joey : Here. (Gives her the coins) Now I only owe you $49.50.
Joey : What is Rock 'n' Roll about that?
Joey : Oh wait, before you tell me what it is! (He plays a drum-roll) Okay, what is it?
Joey : Is it on me? I feel, I feel like it's on me! I got, hey! (He storms into his room)
Joey : (entering wearing a Superman costume) Merry Christmas!
Joey : (yelling from the bedroom) Is it back in the cage?
Joey : Cage closed?
Joey : All right, I should get going, big day a work. Y?know I?m in a coma? Today, they do this test on me and it turns out I?m not brain dead.
Joey : Ah-ah-ah Mr. Smartie Pants, it?s just not my character that?s not brain dead. Hey, so Pheebs, we still on for tonight?
Joey : I?ll see you at
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Oh-Wha-Ho! What are you middle naming me for?! I left you a note!
Joey : Hey, you can cancel plans with friends if there is the possibility for sex!
Joey : Wow! I?m so sorry; I had no idea it would bother you this much.
Joey : Okay, can I-can I make it up to you? Huh? I?m sorry. (They hug.) How about uh, dinner tomorrow night?! I?ll pay for myself!
Joey : The Ross?Is that back?!! (Chandler motions no.)
Joey : Awww! Mel Torme died.
Joey : Aw! Does that mean the Sam Goody?s sale is over?!
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Uh-uh, excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross?s behalf. I-I think the rule applies here y?know, since she has a chance to get on broad back?
Joey : Aww that?s nice. Family should be there, huh? This is her wedding, happiest day of her life.
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : (seeing what they?re doing) What do you got there?
Joey : Huh? Uh? (He starts taking off his pants.)
Joey : Oh! (Pulls up his pants.) Sorry. Uh, I?ve got those plans with Phoebe, why?
Joey : What?! Tonight?!
Joey : After she gave me that big speech?! She goes and makes a date with a guy on the same night she has plans with me? I think she?s trying to pull a fast one on Big Daddy!
Joey : Yeah, this slow roasted salmon, just how slow are we talkin? here? The
Joey : Ohh, then no. Maybe I should hear those specials again.
Joey : Oh well, that changes everything! (Grabs his menu and starts looking at it again. The waiter leaves.) Y?know what Pheebs?
Joey : You were right before. I mean, friends are so important.
Joey : Y?know-y?know what I really want?
Joey : Is to have a long, long talk. Y?know? Get Joey out on the open road and really open him up. The
Joey : Yes! I will have the lobster ravioli.
Joey : What?s the rush? What?
Joey : Whoa-whoa, what is it?
Joey : A date?! No, no Pheebs you-you must be mistaken, because I know you wouldn?t schedule a date on the same night you have plans with a friend!
Joey : No, I?m gonna!! That?s right! Yeah, you made me feel really guilty about goin? out with that girl! Like-like-like I did something terrible to you! And now Pheebs, you?re doing the same thing!
Joey : Okay, well my girl from the other night was special. She was a scientist too!
Joey : Well, she graduated from high school!
Joey : Fine!
Joey : Fine!
Joey : (to the waiter) What are you still doin? here?! I told you, lobster ravioli!
Joey : No! No! No Pheebs, I?m not gonna yell at you. I just y?know, started thinking about you and David and I?remember how bummed you were the first time he left. And I just? Oh Pheebs, come here. (He hugs her.) Are you okay?
Joey : Hey, y?know you could always visit him.
Joey : Anything I can do? Whatever you need.
Joey : I can give it a shot.
Joey : (pulls out a fork) All right, what are we havin?? (Starts digging in.) Ending Credits
Joey : (looking through his binoculars at a nearby building) Y?know what else makes you wonder?
Joey : Check out the rack on this chick! (Turns around to point it out to Ross and finds that Ross is glaring at him. So he quickly puts his binoculars to his eyes and starts looking for the comet.) Opening Credits
Joey : Then why are you wearing Monica?s jacket?
Joey : (whispering) Ross!
Joey : Come here, check this out!
Joey : No! No-no. Look, there?s a bug stuck in tar right here. (Bends down to get a closer look.)
Joey : (standing up) Y?know, there?s two women dude.
Joey : Right-right up here. (Starts looking at them through a piece of pipe.)
Joey : (annoyed) I don?t know! (Goes back to looking through the pipe.) (Pause) Yeah, I do.
Joey : What?! All right?Hey! Don?t look at me! You?re the one who wanted to come up and look for some stupid Burger King comet!
Joey : (covering his ears and yelling) Oh no! No! No! (He starts banging on the door.)
Joey : Come on! (Ross gets fed up with Joey?s banging and stops him by pulling him away from the door.)
Joey : All right well, y?know?I guess we know what we have to do to get down.
Joey : Ross. I was thinking we could just go down the fire escape. (Points it out.)
Joey : All right, it won?t go down any further. It?s stuck.
Joey : Oh whoa-whoa wait a minute! I have to do it?!
Joey : What if I smack my head on the concrete?
Joey : (looks at the ground and at Ross) I don?t know Ross! I-I tell you what, let?s flip to see who does it, okay? You-you call it in the air, all right?
Joey : No.
Joey : What? No! No Ross! No-no! Stop! I?m not jumping! Okay, look I have an audition tomorrow and I can?t go if I break my leg.
Joey : Well all right so, it looks like we?re even!
Joey : Man, I?m starving! What the hell was I thinking at dinner?! "Do you want soup or salad?" Both! Always order both!
Joey : Yeah? Really? No one?s home?
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : All right! Just hurry up!
Joey : I think face to face.
Joey : Face to face, yeah!
Joey : All right. (Ross steps onto the bottom rung of the ladder and then steps on Joey?s chest.)
Joey : (grunting) Oh my? How much do you weigh Ross?!
Joey : Y?know, when we talked about face to face, I don?t think we thought it all the way through.
Joey : Well, just shimmy down me and drop! (Ross continues his trek south, and when they get face to face.)
Joey : Hi.
Joey : (angrily) Yeah? Maybe we should talk about that for a little while!
Joey : It?s not that far! Just drop!
Joey : Ross, you should know that my pants are startin? to come down and I?m not wearing any underwear! (Ross panics and falls off, dropping to the ground with a huge crash.)
Joey : Hey.
Joey : What are you doing?
Joey : (laughs) Why would you want to do that?
Joey : Rach, there is a decent place to?
Joey : No. No. No.
Joey : No. Rosita does not move.
Joey : As in Rosita does not move.
Joey : The big deal is that it is the exact equal distance from the bathroom to the kitchen and it?s at the perfect angle so you don?t get any glare coming of off Stevie.
Joey : (glaring at her) Is there a problem?
Joey : I told you not to move it! Rach, how would you feel if say, I wanted to move you mom, and you said don?t, and I did it anyway and her head fell off?
Joey : (slowly turning and glaring at her) She?s not even cold yet!
Joey : That?s true. (Rachel turns for the door and makes the "Wow!" face.)
Joey : Yeah, I? (Shuts off the TV.) I don?t want Stevie to see her like this.
Joey : No I won?t. (Chandler runs to check on them coming up the stairs.)
Joey : Because, I know what I like and what I don?t like! It?s not the same thing! (Chandler throws the back of Rosita into his apartment and quickly starts pushing the base into his apartment.)
Joey : I don?t know why you say that so soon. (Joey and Rachel reach the landing just as Chandler closes the door.)
Joey : Francette? What is she? A couch? (They enter their apartment.)
Joey : Poor thing. Cut down in her prime.
Joey : Well, I guess you?re right. Maybe, maybe I?ll take her down to the incinerator. It?s gonna be so said, and kinda cool. (He goes to remove the back, but it doesn?t come off. So he sits down in it, puts his feet up, stands up, and looks back at it.) She?s heeled!
Joey : No it?s not weird, it?s a miracle!
Joey : Oh there is! If you want something enough and your heart is pure, wondrous things can happen!
Joey : (interrupting her) Can you tell me how this happened?
Joey : Miracle!
Joey : Someone like an?angel?
Joey : (angrily) Get your non-believer ass outta my chair! (She gets up and heads for her room.)
Joey : Yeah, me too. (He flips up his armrest in disgust.)
Joey : Fine.
Joey : No. Really?
Joey : (quietly) My chair heels itself.
Joey : Well, it looks like it wasn?t heeled after all! Yeah! So, I guess this chair is mine now! (Sits down in it and groans.)
Joey : Your chair?!
Joey : So, there was no miracle?!
Joey : (sarcastic) Oh no this is devastating! My faith is shaken. I?m so glad I have the new chair to get my through this difficult time in my life.
Joey : How do you figure?
Joey : That?s right!
Joey : Yeah! We are! (Rachel whispers in Joey?s ear.)
Joey : Oh yeah.
Joey : Ahhh?? (To Rachel) Eh?
Joey : Hey!
Joey : They do!
Joey : Come on Rach! Look, turning thirty is not that big a deal.
Joey : (screaming) Why God?!! Why?!! We had a deal!! Let the others grow old! Not me!! (He buries his head in Phoebe?s lap for comfort.) [Cut back to Rachel?s party, everyone is now eating breakfast, except Rachel.]
Joey : (screaming) And now Chandler! We?re all gettin? so old! (Looking up) Why are you doing this to us?! (Turns away crying.) Opening Credits
Joey : Yeah, you?re roommate is a soap opera star.
Joey : Hey, what?s the horsepower on this thing?
Joey : But it hurt?s my Joey?s Apple.
Joey : Well actually?
Joey : Dude, you soooo need this car.
Joey : Yep. (Starts for Monica?s room, but Chandler stops him.)
Joey : Now that you?re a couple, we don?t get two presents from you guys?
Joey : Will you quit hoggin? it! Commercial Break
Joey : (to the waiter) Hey! Are those crab cakes? (The waiter nods) Did I not tell ya to come straight to me when more crab cakes were ready?
Joey : Yeah!! (Ross pans the camera over to Phoebe.)
Joey : Oh, I don?t know Pheebs. It?ll be okay.
Joey : That?s not gonna happen. No. (Looks up) Because we have a new deal!
Joey : Like what?
Joey : Hey, y?know what you guys? I think I?m gonna go walk her home. (Gets up and runs out.)
Joey : Pheebs! Wait up! (She stops.) Listen uh, close your eyes. (She does so and Joey passionately kisses her.) Maybe that?s one thing you can cross off your list.
Joey : Oh, and plus I?m 1/16th Portuguese.
Joey : Oh, come on Rach! My turn just started!
Joey : Oh. Okay. Hey, can I ride this outside?
Joey : Okay! (Runs off downstairs.)
Joey : Yes!
Joey : (entering, limping, and holding his arm) I don?t like this anymore. (He sits down with them in pain.)
Joey : (crying) Why God?! Why are you doing this to us?! (He buries his head in Ross?s shoulder.)
Joey : All-all right! (They run and jump in the car.) Start it up! Let?s go!
Joey : No. (Ross shuts it off and they get out.) Ending Credits {Transcriber?s
Joey : (entering, excited) Hey!
Joey : So I just talked to one of the DOOL writers today, and?
Joey : Days Of Our Lives. Anyway, you?re not gonna believe it! My character is coming out of his coma!!
Joey : And-and-and not only that, I?m gettin? a new brain!!
Joey : Oh well, they?re killing off one of the characters on the show, and when she dies her brain is being transplanted into my body.
Joey : (seriously) Yes, it?s a highly controversial procedure.
Joey : Well, I think it?s ridiculous that you haven?t had sex in three and a half months.
Joey : Uh Cecilia Monroe, she plays Jessica Lockhart. Rachel and
Joey : Nice.
Joey : Oh, tell me about it. And she?s been on the show forever, it?s gonna be really hard to fill her shoes.
Joey : Yes, but in Drake Remoray?s body. (Ross laughs unbelievably.) Why is this so hard for you to get? I thought you were a scientist! Opening Credits
Joey : That was a great scene! And-and-and that slap looks so real! How do you do that?
Joey : Oh anyway, I just wanted to say how wonderful I think you are.
Joey : Say what?
Joey : No. No, I?m Joey Tribbiani; we did a scene together yesterday. I-I?m the guy in the coma!
Joey : An-an-anyway I-I just wanted to say that since I?m getting your brain when you leave the show, I was wondering if there was any tips you can give me?
Joey : (quickly) I don?t know. Why? Did you hear something?
Joey : Oh uh, one of the writers.
Joey : Umm?
Joey : Okay.
Joey : Ms. Monroe? (She slaps him) Oh there you go. (She storms off, leaving Joey standing next to Dina. They share a nod at the ferocity of the slap they just received.)
Joey : So you like the nachos uh? Myself I?m partial to?
Joey : See you in 2003. (She walks away.)
Joey : I?m so sorry. Look, if it was up to me you would never leave the show.
Joey : No I mean it! I can?t believe they would do this to you! And to your fans! I mean they are going to be devastated! Heart broken! They love you so much!
Joey : Joey.
Joey : Uh yeah-ye-ye-ye-ye-ye?l-l-l-l-l-look the-the-the only reason that I, that I came up to you before was because well, I?m really nervous about-about being you. Y?know if you can help me capture the essence of the character. Y?know? Help me keep Jessica alive. Please?
Joey : Oh that?s great! Oh thank you so much!
Joey : Hey! Now, I?ve been watching some tapes, how?s this? (In a British accent.) "Jessica Lockhart will never step foot in this place again! Ever!!"
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : (shocked) I can do an English accent?! That baby?s going on my resume!
Joey : Okay! (He scurries out the set door and re-enters, extremely impressed) All right!
Joey : Okay. Okay. (He goes out and comes back in, glaring at everything.)
Joey : Oh well?Hey-hey! Maybe, maybe uh, maybe this is a good thing. Y?know? It?ll-it?ll give you a chance to shake things up, play different characters. You?re so talented.
Joey : Hey that?s not true! Look at uh, look at Angela Lansb?Angelina Jolie!
Joey : Like-like what?
Joey : (impressed) Wow!
Joey : Oh hey come on, don?t-don?t-don?t do this! Umm, look let-let me tell you something, okay? Now when I watch you do a scene, I?m thinking, "Boy, she-she is a great actress!" (She?s not buying it.) Uh but-but, I am also thinking, "She is hot!"
Joey : You own the room. (She smiles and stares longingly into his eyes.) We should probably get-get uh?
Joey : Yeah-yeah, I noticed that! Is that ?cause she?s so passionate?
Joey : Yeah! Okay. (He puts his hands on her face and they kiss.)
Joey : Actually I rent the whole place and, I just got what you meant. Thank you. (She laughs as Rachel enters.)
Joey : Hey! (Rachel stops dead in her tracks when she sees whom Joey is with.)
Joey : That uh, that is my roommate Rachel.
Joey : (shrugs) Sure. Yep.
Joey : Okay, bye-bye.
Joey : All right, here we go. (He grabs them and starts to pull them out of the apartment.)
Joey : Thanks for stopping by. See ya! (Throws them out and closes the door.) (To Cecilia) I-I am so sorry. I?
Joey : (notices something in the mail that Rachel brought in) Oh my God!
Joey : They sent me today?s script! They never send the script!
Joey : Well no, I?m just in a coma. This must mean I have lines! (Realizes what that means.) Oh?
Joey : (flipping to the last page) Ew, you get thrown from a horse into an electric fence.
Joey : Yeah well, I?m guessing after this she?s not going to be crazy about electricity either.
Joey : (as Jessica) I don?t think so.
Joey : Oh noo?
Joey : Thanks!
Joey : Great! Hey! All right! Well-well what is it?!
Joey : The airport?
Joey : Ohh. Wow! Well how-how, how will you be gone?
Joey : That?s a really long time.
Joey : Well I tell ya, I should probably buy a place in the city first. (Realizes.) And I just got what you meant again?That is?I tell ya, that is a tricky one!
Joey : Good luck.
Joey : I call it!!
Joey : Does calling it not mean anything anymore?!
Joey : So, did you uh, find anyone to marry you guys yet?
Joey : Well then let me do it!
Joey : No-no-no! Look, I?ve been thinking about it. I?m an actor right? So I won?t get nervous talking in front of people.
Joey : No-no-no-no look no! I won?t spit, and I won?t stare at Monica?s breasts! Y?know? Everyone knows I?m an ass man!
Joey : Yeah and the most important thing is that it won?t be some like, stranger up there who barely knows you. It?ll be me! And I swear I?ll do a really good job. Plus, y?know I love you guys and-and it would really mean a lot to me.
Joey : So I can do it?
Joey : All right!!! Okay!! All right! Okay-okay, I gotta get started on my speech! Oh, wait a minute, Internet ministers can still have sex right?
Joey : Okay. (Phoebe enters slowly.)
Joey : Oh! My head! Oh! (He?s sitting on the chair, lies back, and puts his feet up for Monica to rub.) Oh!
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Say hello to Reverend Joey Tribbiani! (Holds up the piece of paper bearing the proof of his ordination.)
Joey : Yeah, I just got off the Internet! Man, there is a lot of porn out there!
Joey : Anyway, I started working on what I?m going to say for the ceremony, do you wanna hear it?
Joey : Now-now, listen this is just a first draft so? (Starts to read the piece of paper he brought.) "We are gathered here today on this joyous occasion to celebrate the special love that Monica and Chandler share." (Monica and Chandler like it so far.) Eh? (He continues reading.) "It is a love based on giving and receiving. As well as having and sharing. And the love that they give and have is shared and received. And through this having and giving and sharing and receiving." (Phoebe nods her approval.) "We too can share and love and have and receive."
Joey : Okay you guys, I got a little more written. Are you ready?
Joey : (reading) "When I think of the love that these two givers and receivers share, I can not help but envy the lifetime ahead of having and loving and giving and?" And then I can?t think of a good word for right here. (He points to the stop on the paper where he left off.)
Joey : Yes!
Joey : Ooh, like the time you and I went to Atlantic City and I made you laugh so hard you threw up your whole steak?! Remember?
Joey : Oh. Okay. Ooh! Ooh! Okay, maybe I?ll talk about London! Y?know when you two hooked up! Only, only I won?t say hooked up. I?ll say, "Began their beautiful journey?"
Joey : "?by doin? it."
Joey : Okay. All right. Umm, so uh, so how did it happen? Did your eyes meet across the room? And then the next thing y?know you?re in the bathtub together and she?s feeding you strawberries?
Joey : Yeah!! I call that London style.
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Yeah baby!
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Yeah baby! [Cut to London, Chandler?s hotel room. He is getting ready for bed by doing push-ups. One push-up. Just as he gets under the covers, there?s a knock on the door.]
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh, dude I?m so sorry!
Joey : Hey no-no-no-no! It?s cool! It?s cool! I-I?ll only be a second, I?m still with my bride?s maid, I just?Where are those condoms you brought?
Joey : Ah. (Joey walks to Chandler?s bag by getting as far away from Chandler?s bed as possible.)
Joey : (pause) For just you?
Joey : Hey listen, why don?t you come downstairs with me? There?s some really nice girls down there.
Joey : All right, here you go buddy. (He tosses him one.) Go nuts. (Exits.) [Cut back to Monica and Chandler telling Phoebe and Joey the story.]
Joey : That?s what that was?! ?Cause that other thing? I thought you were on to something, but it did nothing for me.
Joey : Oh? (To Chandler) Can you imagine if I hadn?t left you that last one? You two might?ve never gotten together. Ooh-ooh! Could you imagine if I sent that hooker up to the room like I was gonna?! It?s like it was in the stars!
Joey : Yeah baby! (Chandler glares at him.) No baby! Commercial Break
Joey : And it is a love that is based on having and giving and receiv?(Shuts up on Monica?s glare.)
Joey : Hey! (Monica turns and looks at him) Now I?m a man of the cloth, but I still have feelings!
Joey : What?! That?s not fair! It?s not my fault! I was off with my bride?s maid! And who?s to say I would?ve even said yes?! (To Monica) I mean I would?ve said yes. Chandler look y-y-you are making way to big a deal out of this, all right? Look, everything worked out okay!
Joey : This is crazy.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Chandler, come on nothing even happened!
Joey : No-hey-no! If you don?t want me to do it, I except that. I don?t care about that. I just?I don?t want you to be upset.
Joey : Yeah for like a half an hour one night! Chandler, she wants you for the rest of her life! You?re so lucky! Look what I missed out on by not being there! Although you know what? It could never have worked like you guys did, ?cause you guys are perfect for each other. Y?know, we look at you and-and we see you together and it just?it-it fits. Y?know? And you just know it?s gonna last forever.
Joey : What?
Joey : Really? I can do it?
Joey : Hey! (They hug.)
Joey : Well I don?t know remember exactly but, it?s-it?s pretty much about having and giving and sharing and receiving.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : So are guys doing okay?
Joey : What?s my little chef got for me tonight?
Joey : Ho-ho-ho, (pausing for a rest next to the fridge) fried stuff with cheese!
Joey : Thanks sweetheart. Give me a little sugar here. (They kiss.) Okay. (Joey sits down.)
Joey : Here we go! Here we go! Here we go! (Groans and picks up a piece of food.) How you doin?? Ending Credits
Joey : Here you go.
Joey : Good for you!
Joey : Food? Uh-huh gimme! (She hands him the paper.)
Joey : This is impossible Monica, why don?t you just pick all 15? (Hands back the paper.)
Joey : Oh yeah, I added three.
Joey : Oh yeah? (He mimes sticking his fingers into a jar of peanut butter, scooping some out, and eating it off his fingers.) Opening Credits
Joey : (checking her out) Hi! You uh, movin? in or movin? out?
Joey : Oh uh, can I give you a hand?
Joey : Boyfriend?
Joey : I?m Joey. (They shake hands.)
Joey : Oh wow, what a beautiful name! (Pause) What is it again?
Joey : Got it! (He picks up a lamp.) So?
Joey : Yeah! Yeah! Right down there. (Points.) Hey listen; let me give you a little tip. Do not take a nap on this stoop (Points to hers) or you can wake up with your shoes gone.
Joey : Okay. Yeah. Listen would you uh, would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Sounds great! Okay all right, well where does this go? (The lamp he?s holding.)
Joey : Okay. Yeah. (She leaves and he goes to pick up a box marked books, but decides to take the box marked pillows instead.) Yeah, I?ll grab this one. (He follows her upstairs.)
Joey : (entering) Hey Chandler!
Joey : Listen, sorry I didn?t stop by last night but I had a date.
Joey : Well check it out, I was with this really hot girl who just moved in right across the street!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Two days ago.
Joey : Oh yeah?
Joey : Well, I sorta am. I mean yeah, I?m dating this girl who?s also seeing another guy. But, I don?t know, I?m not to worried about it.
Joey : Obviously! So, how do we decide?
Joey : (not buying it) Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Or, or I?m the one who dates her.
Joey : Yeah-yeah I like that but just to go in another direction?
Joey : Yeah well we should order some food then.
Joey : (smiling) That sounds fair.
Joey : Ah yeah?wait a second now! Look we?re gonna have to set a spending limit on the date. I don?t have the money to take her to a fancy place like that.
Joey : All right, well I guess I?ll just have to do what I do on dates.
Joey : Yeah. Uh, (thinks)?a slice?(Thinks)?six dollars?
Joey : Okay. Can I borrow 94 dollars?
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : I just wanted to come by and y?know, wish you good luck on your date.
Joey : Yeah. What time are you meeting her?
Joey : Wow, that?s in like 20 minutes. You?d better get dressed.
Joey : Oh. Well good! (To himself) For me. (He picks up a jar of lotion.) What is this? Did you give yourself a facial?
Joey : Okay dude! (Finds a receit.) Hey you uh, you sent Kristen flowers.
Joey : You spent a hundred dollars. That?s the limit. You?re screwed!
Joey : Oh-oh! So that?s the way it?s gonna be huh? Yeah I can break the rules too y?know!
Joey : I don?t know.
Joey : Y?know what Ross? I?m not gonna let you get away with this!
Joey : Well we?ll see!
Joey : Yeah bye-bye! (Exits and comes back in still holding the lotion.) Hey! So just a light layer?
Joey : (entering) Kristen?
Joey : Hi!
Joey : Oh I like this place. And technically, technically I?m not breaking any rules so I?
Joey : Hi!
Joey : Sure! I would love to wait with you guys! Thanks! (Sits down.)
Joey : A woman in a man?s body.
Joey : So y?know Ross it?s funny ?cause, you look familiar to me too. Have you ever been married?
Joey : So you?ve just married the one time then?
Joey : (laughs that one off) Yeah. So uh Ross, well now?why did that first marriage breakup? Was it because the woman was straight or she was a lesbian?
Joey : No. It just seems like Ross is the kind of a guy that would marry a woman on the verge of being a lesbian and then push her over the edge. (Kristen is not enjoying this.)
Joey : Have you ever slept in the same bed as a monkey?!
Joey : Fine! Have you ever got stuck in a pair of your own leather pants?!
Joey : Monkey lover! (They both notice that Kristen has left.)
Joey : When do you think we lost her?
Joey : Hey! You guys! You?re not gonna believe this! I just got off the phone with my agent?
Joey : Okay. I got nominated for my part on Days of Our Lives!
Joey : No-no.
Joey : No! I?m up for a Soapie!
Joey : No, no, no! It?s real! And it has been since 1998. (Rachel returns from the bathroom.) Hey Rach! Rach! I?m up for a Soapie!
Joey : Thank you! Well, I guess now I know who I?m taking to the awards. (Points to Rachel.)
Joey : Many are scheduled to appear.
Joey : (pretending to be an announcer) And the winner is?Joey Tribbiani! (He then gets excited and goes over to the counter to practice his acceptance speech using a bottle of maple syrup as the award.) Oh? Wow! I honestly never expected this. I uh, I didn?t prepare a speech. But umm, I?d like to thank (Rachel enters quietly) my parents, who?ve always been there for me. I?d also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Phoebe, Rachel?
Joey : Yeah may-maybe you don?t tell anyone about this.
Joey : Really?
Joey : What award are you practicing for?
Joey : Oh, hey listen! The Soapie?s called today and I also get to present an award.
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : (confused) What you-you don?t think I?m gonna win?
Joey : Yeah. No-no I-I know I might not win, but it?s just?I?ve never even been nominated before! I want it so much.
Joey : Hey! (Likes it.)
Joey : You practice losing the Grammies too?
Joey : Ah.
Joey : Is that why you wanted to tie my tie?
Joey : Whoa!
Joey : Ross has a boyfriend.
Joey : How?d you get over that teacher?
Joey : (To Ross) Problem solved.
Joey : (To Rachel) This is it! This is my category.
Joey : Yeah, I got my speech!
Joey : Yeah. (Does it.)
Joey : Okay. Can I squeeze your ass?
Joey : ?Kay! [Cut to the presenter.] The
Joey : What the?! (Joey pounds the table and starts yelling at Rachel, and which is drowned out by applause. Rachel is desperately trying to tell Joey that he?s on TV right now. He finally notices and he does his gracious loser face.) Commercial Break
Joey : (angrily and monotone) Any one of the brilliant actresses nominated for this award tonight deserves to take it home. Unfortunately only one can. (Shakes his head in disgust.) The nominees for Best Supporting Actress are from Passions Erin Goff. (There is applause, which Joey disgustedly waits to dye out.) From One Life to Live Mary Loren Bishop (They start to applaud again, but Joey interrupts in with the rest of the nominees), from All My Children Sarah Mchann, and from Days of Our Lives Jessica Ashley. And the winner is?(Opens the envelope)?Jessica Ashley from Days of Our Lives. (Applause) Uh, unfortunately Jessica couldn?t be with us tonight so I?ll be accepting this award on her behalf. (Realizes something) And I?m sure that Jessica would like to thank my parents who always believed in me. She?d also like to thank my friends, Chandler, Monica, Ross, Phoebe, and Rachel who?s sittin? right there! (Points at Rachel.) (The music starts and his microphone is turned off, this angers Joey again and he disgustedly exits.)
Joey : Rach we had to get out of there because, look what I won! (He whips out the award for Best Supporting Actress that he accepted for Jessica.)
Joey : No-no! No, I?m accepting it on her behalf. (He puts it up above the TV to display it.)
Joey : Sure I do! It?s a verb! As in, "I behalfin? it!"
Joey : But why?! I should?ve won one and I really want it and she didn?t even care enough to come to the thing! It could also be a Grammy.
Joey : Come on Rach! No one saw me take it! There was a whole table full of ?em.
Joey : No! I want an award I did win! But nobody?s giving me any of those! Plus?Hey Rach, if-if I put it up there (Points to the TV) right? When people come over they?ll see it and they?ll think I won it.
Joey : I can scratch that right off.
Joey : All right!
Joey : I?ll take it back tomorrow.
Joey : (opening his door) If I can?t have it you can?t have it! (Rachel walks away angrily.)
Joey : Okay wait-wait p-please be cool! Okay? I work with this woman.
Joey : Hey Jessica.
Joey : Ah, this is my friend Rachel. Jessica
Joey : Uh listen, here?s your Soapie. I accepted it for ya. (Hands it to her.) Jessica
Joey : Well, that-that-that?s it? You?re gonna, you?re gonna put it on your self or anything? Jessica
Joey : (To Rachel) Take it back?
Joey : Y-y-yeah! (As they start to leave, Rachel pauses and steals a vase with flowers in it.) Yeah you do. (They exit.)
Joey : I?m sorry, do I know you?
Joey : Nothing, I?m just practicing blowing you off because I?m gonna be a big movie star!
Joey : Well, no not yet. But the audition went really good.
Joey : Oh, it?s this big budget period movie about these three Italian brothers who come to America around the turn of the century. It?s really classy! Oh, and the director is supposed to be the next, next Martin Scorcese.
Joey : Yeah, there?s this guy from Chicago who?s supposed to be the next Martin Scorcese, all right? But then this guy?s right after him. (Joey?s cell phone rings and he answers it.) Hello!
Joey : (to Monica and Phoebe) They loved me!
Joey : (on phone) Oh my God!
Joey : Are you kidding me? I never rent a movie without it! (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Uh, okay uh let me call you back. (Hangs up.)
Joey : They want me to be totally naked in the movie!
Joey : I know! My grandmother?s gonna see this!
Joey : I don?t know! It?s not like it?s porn! This is a serious, legitimate movie. Y?know? And the nudity is really important to the story.
Joey : You?re right. Maybe I shouldn?t even go on the call back.
Joey : Well that?s true. And I am only naked in one scene. Plus it sounds really great. My character?s catholic and he falls in love with this Jewish girl. Who run away together and they get caught in this big rainstorm. So we go into this barn and undress each other and hold each other. It?s really sweet and-and tender.
Joey : Hey, I?m back! The Casting
Joey : Uh so, will-will I be reading the same scene again? The Casting
Joey : Oh great! Y?know I would?ve been perfect for this part, but whatever! Y?know, thanks for making a bad decision and ruining your movie! Good day! (Starts to leave.) The Casting
Joey : And scene! Huh? Wasn?t that fun? We did a little improv there. Yeah! Okay! So you-you-you-you were saying? The Casting
Joey : Wow! Sure! That?s great! The Casting
Joey : Yeah! Yeah sure, just long as it?s handled tastefully and that barn is not too cold. The Casting
Joey : So?What? The Casting
Joey : Yes! The Casting
Joey : No. What? The Casting
Joey : Barmifsaed? (The casting director shakes her head.)
Joey : Nope.
Joey : Yep.
Joey : That?s right.
Joey : I don?t know! I really want this part! And they tell you no matter what you get asked at an audition you say yes. Like if-if they want you to ride a horse, you tell ?em you can! And just figure out how to do it later.
Joey : I kn-I know! I know! Okay? And apparently tomorrow when I go in to meet the director I have to take off my clothes so that they can see what my body looks like.
Joey : I just have to call my agent and tell her I can?t do the part. (Gets up for the phone.)
Joey : Unless what?
Joey : Like what?
Joey : Wow! This looks great!
Joey : And-and-and-and-and the toothpicks?
Joey : Thank God!
Joey : Ah.
Joey : Well maybe we just take that one away. (Picks it up and throws it away.)
Joey : Thanks, you are such a good friend. And this is so weird. (He goes into his room to try them on and closes the door.)
Joey : Ow!
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : The fruit roll up.
Joey : Delicious.
Joey : Wait a minute! Wait a minute! We have a winner!
Joey : The Silly Putty! It?s not so silly anymore! (They hug.)
Joey : And what?s cool is, the character is from Naples, right? The
Joey : My whole family?s from Naples! The
Joey : Oh! Hey right! Not a problem. (He starts taking off his clothes.) I totally understand. You need to y?know make sure I don?t have any horrible scars or tattoos. Don?t you worry; I have nothing to hide. (He drops his pants and stands back up and looks down.) So there you go, that?s me. (We cut to a camera angle looking at the casting director and movie director through Joey?s legs.) One hundred percent natural! (Suddenly, there?s a thud as something falls off.) (Everyone is shocked.) I tell ya, that has never happened before. Ending Credits
Joey : Probably Monica and Chandler. (A woman walks up to Gunther in the background.)
Joey : Hey guys! Look who?s back! It?s Ray-ray!
Joey : (excitedly) Who you what? Who you what?!
Joey : (excitedly) Wow? Wow what?! Wow what?! Who you?what?!!
Joey : What?!
Joey : (entering) Hello!
Joey : Hey Rach. (Stares at her.)
Joey : Hey, so where are my parents gonna be?
Joey : What they?re not invited?! Oh no, that?s terrible! They?re gonna be crushed!
Joey : (looking around) You got me. I don?t?
Joey : Well, I?m sorry. I thought parents were coming! Y?know? Your parents are comin?! Chandler?s parents are comin?! Ross?s parents are comin?!
Joey : Well-well?see? Parents are comin?!
Joey : (leaning down to her) Maybe you?ll order a little sangria?
Joey : We should really learn how to play the real way. (Moves another piece.)
Joey : Nice move.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : No, I?m performing the ceremony. I?m not wearing a tux.
Joey : Multi-colored robes! Ooh, and maybe a hat.
Joey : I don?t think so.
Joey : (excitedly) Can I come?! I won?t even talk! You?ll just hear the noise from my video camera.
Joey : Oh good! Can I tell her?! Can I tell her?!
Joey : Okay?
Joey : Hey. (Laughs then seriously) It happened!
Joey : Why are you taking this away from me?
Joey : Oh-ho, you should get inside my head.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Yeah, they?re not coming.
Joey : Somehow they got the idea that you only invited them because of me. They?feel a little unwanted.
Joey : Look Mon, if you could just call my mom?
Joey : Come on! Look just-just tell?let her know that you really want them to be there. Let?s not forget, this is a woman that has sent you many lasagnas over the years.
Joey : Is it her fault that some of them didn?t make it to you?
Joey : I don?t know. Just uh, just tell ?em it was a mix-up with the invitations, or?No-no-no! Blame it on the post office. They hate the post office. And the Irish! But I don?t think you can blame it on them so? (He dials the phone and hands it to Monica.)
Joey : (entering) Hey.
Joey : Listen, I know the invitation says
Joey : Right. Right. The wedding, gotcha. But I mean, it?s gonna start a little late right? I mean, weddings start late. Right?
Joey : Ah. Yeah. Well look, the thing is it?s the same day as my niece?s christening and I really want my parents to be there in time to see me. ?Cause my part?s just in the beginning I?m not even in the rest of the show?Wedding!
Joey : Okay. Okay, I totally hear ya. Oo how about this? I vamp a little ?til they get there?
Joey : Yeah! Yeah y?know, like warm up the crowd. Ask ?em where they?re from. ?Cause in Joey Tribbiani you get a minister and you get an entertainer. I?m a minis-tainer! (Rapping) There is no one better! There is no one greater!
Joey : (entering) Hey! Uh, Monica? Chandler? Can I talk to you guys for a second?
Joey : No! No, I-I just wanna thank you guys for what you did for my parents, that was really sweet. They?re so happy they get to be a part of your special day.
Joey : Okay. I will. Ohh! Check out what they got me to wear for the ceremony! (Runs to his apartment and returns wearing a rather silly hat.) Huh? I wear it like this when I marry you guys, and then this (He tilts it to the side of his head) is for party time.
Joey : All right, uh? (To Ross) Oh hey, you?ve done this before Ross, well what did you say when you made up your vows?
Joey : Oh, I got it! How about saying something like, "Monica?
Joey : "?when I look back over our time together?"
Joey : Well, I can?t do everything! Look back over your time together. [This starts a series of flashbacks beginning with Monica and Chandler in the waiting room in The One With the Birth.]
Joey : (yelling through the door) Can we come it yet?! We?re dying out here!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : How is "Monica, I love your sweet ass," inappropriate?
Joey : (shocked) Has it been that long?!
Joey : Hey, it's me! I'm comin' in! (Monica quickly dives under the water as Joey enters. He looks a little shocked at what Chandler's doing.)
Joey : Ahh, I'm gonna go get some chicken. Want some?
Joey : Okay. (Joey leaves and Monica comes up for air.)
Joey : I know! I mean it?s not like we weren?t cool about it. [This starts a series of flashbacks starting with Monica and Chandler forcing Joey to keep his new found knowledge of their secret relationship in Monica?s bedroom in The One With All the Kips.]
Joey : (To Chandler) You?! (To Monica) And-and you?!
Joey : How?! When?!
Joey : IN LONDON!!!
Joey : But it is a big deal!! I have to tell someone! (They both grab him and stop him.)
Joey : All right! Man, this is unbelievable! [Cut to Rachel listening to a phone conversation between Chandler and Monica in The One With All the Resolutions.]
Joey : Yes, but y'know what? It doesn't matter who knows what. Now, enough of us know that we can just tell them that we know! Then all the lying and the secrets would finally be over!
Joey : Well I didn't tell them!
Joey : Uhhh, Phoebe and Joey.
Joey : And Rachel. I would've told you but they made me promise not to tell!
Joey : No.
Joey : They know you know.
Joey : I couldn't even if I wanted too. [Cut to later in that episode. Chandler is in his bathroom with Monica, and he?s panicking on how far Phoebe is pushing him.]
Joey : (entering the hall) Oh man! Aren't you guys done yet?!
Joey : Ooh!
Joey : I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.)
Joey : It's not my first time. [Cut to the bathroom.]
Joey : So that's it! It's over! Everybody knows!
Joey : I don?t want them to move to a Volvo dealership!
Joey : I?m sorry, I just?I like things the way they are. [Flashback to the gang in Central Perk in The One Where Nana Dies Twice, they?re all going through an old photo album.]
Joey : Ooh, look-look-look-look-look! I got Monica naked!
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Yeah, you can get a Volvo. If that?s what you really want.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : (To Chandler) (laughing) Funny one! That?s good!
Joey : What? I don?t get it. (Ross points to the explanation and he gets it.)
Joey : (starting to cry) I have never known love like this.
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Saw the Porsche out there Mon, lookin? good. When do I get to take that baby out again?
Joey : Yeah, you got a couple hours? Opening Credits
Joey : Hey!
Joey : So! You and Phoebe huh? How long have you been going out?
Joey : Wow! Maybe uh, maybe you and I ought to get to know each other a little better.
Joey : So uh, what?s your name?
Joey : Joey. (They shake hands.) Hey Jake, do you like the Knicks?
Joey : Me too! There?s a game on Tuesday do you wanna go?
Joey : Pheebs!
Joey : Listen, you know how uh, when you?re wearing pants and you lean forward I check out your underwear?
Joey : Well, when Jake did it I saw that?he was wearing women?s underwear!
Joey : Oh. (Laughs.) No! No wait, that?s weird!
Joey : That?s weird!
Joey : That?s?kinda hot.
Joey : Yeah, I wouldn?t know about that.
Joey : Yeah well next thing you know, he?ll be telling you that your high heels are good for his posture!
Joey : Oh yeah, he looked like a real lumberjack in those pink laceys.
Joey : Hey! I am secure with my masculinity.
Joey : You?ve seen my huge stack of porn right? (Phoebe nods.)
Joey : Hey Pheebs! (He sits down next to her.)
Joey : Check it out. (He turns around, pulls down his pants, and shows Phoebe that he?s got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
Joey : Y?know, I?m beginning to see what Jake was talking about.
Joey : The silk? Feels really good!
Joey : Yeah! And-and things aren?t as?smashed down as I thought they were gonna be.
Joey : Yeah! And you have so many more choices than you do with men?s underwear!
Joey : Bikini, French cut, thong! And-and the fabrics! You?ve got cotton, silk, lace! And y?know what I?ve always wondered about?
Joey : Pantyhose! Y?know? They way they start at your toe and go all the way up to here? (He mimed that and stops when he realized he went to far.) I should go take these off shouldn?t I?
Joey : Yeah! Much! Listen uh, not that I?m y?know insecure about my manhood or anything y?know, but I think I need to hook up with a woman like right now.
Joey : Yeah! Okay! (He notices a beautiful woman sitting behind the couch and goes to talk to her.) Hey! Hi!
Joey : Y?know, you look familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?
Joey : Oh! Maybe it?s because I?m on television. I?m an actor on Days of Our Lives.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Hm-mmm.
Joey : No, I-I just heard lunch. But yeah, I can go. Sure! (They all exit.)
Joey : (entering) Hey! You guys! Remember that audition I had a while ago and didn?t get the part?
Joey : No!
Joey : No!
Joey : Nooo!
Joey : Yes!!
Joey : Yes that?s the one about the soldiers who fight in World War I!
Joey : Well anyway, the guy they wanted backed out and now they want me! I start shooting today!
Joey : Oh no, I?ll be done by then.
Joey : I know! All right, I?ll see you guys over there! I?m off to fight the Nazis.
Joey : Whoa! Okay. Yeah well, who-who was in World War I? (Rachel pauses as she thinks.)
Joey : Yeah! Me too. (He pats his pocket.) The Assistant
Joey : I?m doing my scenes with you?
Joey : Wow! I can?t believe this! This is incredible. I mean you just won an Oscar!
Joey : I think you did.
Joey : Uh?Cookie? The
Joey : We have to find the rest of the platoon!
Joey : (wiping his face) What?!
Joey : (wipes face) So what are we gonna do?! We have no reinforcements! No-no food!
Joey : (glances at Richard) No. Nope, I uh?I th?I thought it might be kind of a cool character thing. Y?know? He?s uh, he?s a face toucher. (Behind his back, Richard is nodding no.) The
Joey : Hey! Where have you been?
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Thanks. Yeah, I figure if I wear these in my scenes at least I won?t get spit in the eyes, y?know?
Joey : Great! All right. I?ll see you later. (He starts to leave.)
Joey : Uh, I think he?s in Rachel?s room. See ya. (Exits.)
Joey : Oh man! They-they just redid my make-up!
Joey : All right. (They go onto the set.)
Joey : Picture? What picture?
Joey : Okay uh, look I know you?re a great actor, okay? And you play all those Shakespeare guys and stuff?
Joey : But you?re spittin? all over me man!
Joey : You know you?ve been spitting on me?!
Joey : (wiping face) Wow! Didn?t know that.
Joey : Thanks! Okay-okay check it out! (Reading from the script) Picture? What picture? (He pauses then spits) Eh?
Joey : What picture?!
Joey : You went through my personal property?
Joey : (pause) Because Vincent, we were lovers. (Pause) For two years! The
Joey : Great scene yeah?
Joey : Thanks a lot. The Assistant
Joey : Oh, I?m-I?m not working tomorrow. The Assistant
Joey : No! No! I can?t! You gotta get me out of it! I?ve got plans! (Spits.) Important plans! (Spits on the Ps.) (The AD walks away wiping his face.)
Joey : Excuse me, Aaron? (The director turns around.) Hi! Umm, I have a little problem with the schedules. Originally, I wasn?t supposed to work today, and I have this wedding that I really have to be at. It?s my best friend?s, and I?m officiating so I really can?t work past four. The
Joey : I?m having surgery! The
Joey : Yeah, I-I just made up the stuff about the wedding because I didn?t want you to worry about me. But, I?m having surgery today. The
Joey : Transplant. The
Joey : Hair transplant. The
Joey : It?s not on my head. The
Joey : Hey! You?re here! Great! Great! Great! Let?s get going buddy, we?ve got a scene to shoot!
Joey : Are you drunk?
Joey : Yes you are!
Joey : I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
Joey : What?! He got me! Owwwwww!!! The
Joey : Look, my best friends are getting married in like an hour. Okay? And I?m the minister. Please! Please! Can you pull it together?
Joey : Thank you. Thank you. The
Joey : I would sooner die in this hellhole then see her back with you!
Joey : (on phone) Hey! Did Chandler show up yet?
Joey : Damnit!
Joey : I?m still on the set!
Joey : I know! I?m sorry! The guy?s drunk, they won?t let me go until we get this.
Joey : No! No, I?m the minister! All right, look-look, put ?em both on the phone, I?ll marry them right now.
Joey : Hey! Don?t you hang up on me! I?ll marry you and me right now! I have the power! (She hangs up anyway.)
Joey : Aaron! You gotta let me go. The guy?s hammered! The
Joey : So I uh, I just talked to the director. That?s it, we?re done for the day.
Joey : Yeah! You?you were wonderful.
Joey : So I got your car, it?s right outside.
Joey : That?s what you told me.
Joey : No-no-no! We gotta go! Come on! (Joey picks him up in a fireman?s carry and carries him out.) Here we go.
Joey : (entering) That?s my line! (He walks up the aisle and to the Priest) I can take it from here, thanks. (To all) Dearly beloved, I?m sorry I?m a little late. You may be confused by this now, (He?s still in costume) but you won?t be Memorial Day weekend 2002. Well, let?s get started before the groom takes off again. Huh? (Monica is shocked and looks around.) We are gathered here today, to join this man and this woman in the bonds of holy matrimony. I?ve known Monica and Chandler for a long time, and I can not imagine two people more perfect for each other. And now, as I?ve left my notes in my dressing room. We shall proceed to the vows. Monica? (She turns to get her vows from Rachel.)
Joey : Chandler? (Ross leans in to give Chandler his vows.)
Joey : You may not kiss the bride. So, I guess by the powers vested in my by the state of New York and the Internet guys, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Oh wait! Do you take each other?
Joey : Yeah you do!
Joey : Aw crap! Okay?uh?uh let?s-let?s do the rings. (Chandler and Monica both turn, take the rings from Ross and Rachel respectively, and place them on each other?s fingers.)
Joey : We good? Yeah? Good? Once again, I pronounce you husband and wife. (To Chandler) Now kiss her again. (They kiss and everyone applauds.)
Joey : What? What?s going on?
Joey : Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!
Joey : Ah. (To Chandler) Slow swimmers? (Chandler looks at him.)
Joey : I can?t! I-I don?t have any other clothes here.
Joey : I?m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it?s either this or a bathrobe! Look, what?s more important, the way I?m dressed or me being with you on your special day?
Joey : That?s better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. (They do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.) [Cut to Chandler sitting down near Joey as his mom walks over. His birth mother, not the mother who recently visited one of those clinics in Sweden.] Mrs.
Joey : I don?t believe we?ve met, Joey Tribbiani. Dennis
Joey : Wow, I?ve admired your work for years. You-you?ve done some really amazing stuff. Dennis
Joey : Wow Dennis Phillips! That?s great! How did you guys meet? Mrs.
Joey : Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ?Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would?ve done it all, film, television, and theater. The only think left would be radio, and that?s just for ugly people.
Joey : Uh, eleven, eleven and a half.
Joey : Uh, I don?t even really know where I left those. Sorry.
Joey : Okay fine! I?m a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good, I?ll show ya! [Cut to Monica and Rachel at their table.]
Joey : Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?
Joey : No-no! No! No! You don?t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I?m a soap actor.
Joey : Hey! [Joey walks back inside just as Ross?s dance is finishing.] Little
Joey : (clinks his glass) I?d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now, my when I first found out they were getting married I was, I was a little angry. I was like, (overly angry) "Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?!" But then I thought back over all our memories together, some happy memories. (Does a fake laugh.) And-and there was some sad memories. (Starts to break down and cry.) I?m sorry. And-and some scared memories?Whoa! (He jumps back, startled.) Eh? And then, and then I realized I?ll always be their friend, their friend who can speak in many dialects and has training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. (Starts to walk away, but realizes something.) Oh! To the happy couple! [Time Lapse, the interrupted song is finishing.]
Joey : So did you uh, happen to catch my toast up there? Dennis
Joey : Well, I?d like to think there was something for everyone. Look, I know you?re casting for this new show? Dennis
Joey : Oh, see that?s where you?re wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn?t see it up there, just-just try me. Dennis
Joey : Well I?m not proud of this, but? (He turns around and starts to mess with his eyelids.) Dennis
Joey : Shh. Shh. Don?t try to talk, we?ll get you up to your room, we?ll soak your feet, you?ll be okay.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Tell me about it, I feel like I?m holding down the fort all by myself.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : What? What?s going on?
Joey : Oh my God! Is that why you guys had to get married?!
Joey : Ah. (To Chandler) Slow swimmers? (Chandler looks at him.)
Joey : I can?t! I-I don?t have any other clothes here.
Joey : I?m sorry! Okay? I went down to the gift shop and it?s either this or a bathrobe! Look, what?s more important, the way I?m dressed or me being with you on your special day?
Joey : That?s better, now just bend your arms a little more. There you go. Okay, look straight ahead. Now this time I want you to really put your ass into it. (They do a practice swing and she really puts her ass into it.) [Cut to Chandler sitting down near Joey as his mom walks over. His birth mother, not the mother who recently visited one of those clinics in Sweden.] Mrs.
Joey : I don?t believe we?ve met, Joey Tribbiani. Dennis
Joey : Wow, I?ve admired your work for years. You-you?ve done some really amazing stuff. Dennis
Joey : Wow Dennis Phillips! That?s great! How did you guys meet? Mrs.
Joey : Chandler. Will you see if your mom can give my resume to Dennis Phillips? ?Cause if I can get in a Broadway show then I would?ve done it all, film, television, and theater. The only think left would be radio, and that?s just for ugly people.
Joey : Uh, eleven, eleven and a half.
Joey : Uh, I don?t even really know where I left those. Sorry.
Joey : Okay fine! I?m a seven! All right, I have surprisingly small feet. But the rest of me is good, I?ll show ya! [Cut to Monica and Rachel at their table.]
Joey : Hey! Did you talk to Dennis about me yet?
Joey : No-no! No! No! You don?t tell a Broadway guy that! Now he just thinks I?m a soap actor.
Joey : Hey! [Joey walks back inside just as Ross?s dance is finishing.] Little
Joey : (clinks his glass) I?d like to propose a toast. To Monica and Chandler, the greatest couple in the world. And my best friends. Now, my when I first found out they were getting married I was, I was a little angry. I was like, (overly angry) "Why God? Why? How can you take them away from me?!" But then I thought back over all our memories together, some happy memories. (Does a fake laugh.) And-and there was some sad memories. (Starts to break down and cry.) I?m sorry. And-and some scared memories?Whoa! (He jumps back, startled.) Eh? And then, and then I realized I?ll always be their friend, their friend who can speak in many dialects and has training in stage combat and is willing to do partial nudity. (Starts to walk away, but realizes something.) Oh! To the happy couple! [Time Lapse, the interrupted song is finishing.]
Joey : So did you uh, happen to catch my toast up there? Dennis
Joey : Well, I?d like to think there was something for everyone. Look, I know you?re casting for this new show? Dennis
Joey : Oh, see that?s where you?re wrong. Whatever it is I can do it. And if didn?t see it up there, just-just try me. Dennis
Joey : Well I?m not proud of this, but? (He turns around and starts to mess with his eyelids.) Dennis
Joey : Shh. Shh. Don?t try to talk, we?ll get you up to your room, we?ll soak your feet, you?ll be okay.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Tell me about it, I feel like I?m holding down the fort all by myself.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : (entering with Phoebe) Hey!
Joey : We know its Ross!
Joey : I?m gonna be an uncle! Come here! (He joins the hug.)
Joey : Well that, that sounds good.
Joey : Bye. (Rachel exits.)
Joey : What secrets?
Joey : (whispering to Chandler) You?ll tell me later?
Joey : Y?know, Monica and Chandler are married. Ross and Rachel are having a baby. Maybe you and I should do something.
Joey : I don?t have a key, they took mine to give to you.
Joey : Why would they take away our keys?
Joey : No that?s not it. They let me keep my key the last time they were out of town.
Joey : Hey, I washed those!
Joey : Yeah that didn?t sound like me.
Joey : Yeah, I have stuff in there too.
Joey : Monica?s chicken parm! I?ll take care of it. (He picks up the phone) Hey Mr. Treeger, it?s Joey Tribbiani. Listen, I need to get into Monica and Chandler?s apartment. It?s an emergency. (Listens) Uhh, gas leak! Yeah oh, and bring garlic bread. (Hangs up.)
Joey : Yeah, it seemed pretty important.
Joey : Really?
Joey : Yeah, I don?t think that?s what it is.
Joey : Oh wow, I don?t feel well.
Joey : Please, just-just, just go and talk to Rachel.
Joey : I still can?t believe they took away my key. You trust me with yours.
Joey : What the hell is that? (They go into the hallway and see Mr. Treeger watching one of New York?s bravest breakdown Monica and Chandler?s door with an ax.]
Joey : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Treeger, what are you doing? Mr.
Joey : (eating) Huh. So then I can heat this up? (Goes and does so.) Mr.
Joey : So it?s noticeable huh?
Joey : (simultaneously) Oh my God!!! I can?t believe that!!
Joey : How are you doing?
Joey : Well, what did you say to her?
Joey : (shocked) What?
Joey : Whoa! Hey! Whoa!! Hold up! Are you serious?! So like 3% of the time they don?t even work?! Huh? They should put that on the box!
Joey : What?! (Grabs his condoms from his pocket and looks.)
Joey : Hey Monica it?s Joey. Listen uh, Phoebe and I smell gas comin? from your apartment.
Joey : Yeah and we?d go check it out, but you took away our keys.
Joey : How? I guess I could break down your door.
Joey : And-and you won?t blame us for any damage? (Gives Phoebe a thumbs up.)
Joey : Uh, okay I?ll-I?ll-I?ll break it down. (He hands the phone to Phoebe, gets up, picks up a chair, and starts banging it on the floor.)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : I don?t see the baby. Where is it?
Joey : Hey! You?re back! (Hugs and kisses all around.)
Joey : A couple? Like two people? Like (points to himself) one (points to Phoebe), two people?
Joey : Y?know what? Why don?t you just give us our souvenirs and get the hell out of here?
Joey : Hm-mm! Yeah nice necklace!
Joey : You?re welcome buddy.
Joey : Whom. (Everyone looks at him shocked.) That?s right.
Joey : Yeah! You gotta tell a girl before you tape her. Such a rookie mistake.
Joey : Yeah! Ask them if they brought their friends any souvenirs! (Monica goes over and dials their number.)
Joey : Hey, hang up! You get food poisoning just talkin? to that place.
Joey : All right! I?ll have a sandwich!
Joey : Oh I think we do.
Joey : Y?know what? Don?t worry about it, you still got me and Phoebe.
Joey : Personal thing? What personal thing? I don?t know.
Joey : (laughs) Yeah I knew what you were talkin? about. Six Weeks Earlier
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Sure. What? About uh, you showering with your mom?
Joey : Whoa, for like months?
Joey : Six months? Whoa that?s rough.
Joey : The sky?s blue Ross and I had sex yesterday!
Joey : Okay. Okay. Umm?Ooh! Oh-oh, I got something. It?s this story I came up with, very romantic. I swear any woman that hears it; they?re like putty.
Joey : Okay. Now you?re gonna want to have sex with me when you hear it, but you have to remember it is just the story.
Joey : Okay. (Clears throat) Years ago, when I was backpacking across Western Europe?
Joey : Have a nice six more months Ross! (Starts to leave.)
Joey : I was just outside Barcelona hiking in the foothills of Mount Tibidabo. I was at the end of this path and I came to a clearing and there was a lake, very secluded. And there were tall trees all around. (Whispering) It was dead silent. Gorgeous. (Softly) And across the lake I saw?a beautiful woman?bathing herself?but she was crying?
Joey : Whoa! What are you doing here? How did your date go?
Joey : Hey! Look, if it didn?t work it?s because you didn?t tell it right! Show me how you did it.
Joey : How long since you?ve seen a girl naked?
Joey : I?m not feeling it.
Joey : No! No! No Ross! I?m not hot! Are you hot?
Joey : Well you?re not selling the story! It?s like; it?s like you don?t believe it! Look, I gotta go. I got a date, but try this. Do what I do when I?m preparing for an audition. Okay? I?ll set you up with my video camera and you can record yourself and-and see what you?re doing wrong.
Joey : All right now? All right, you?re all set up. You?re good to go. Just hit record. All right?
Joey : Good luck.
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : (trying not to laugh) That means a lot to me man. (Exits.) (Ross pours himself a glass of wine, hits record, and sits down in front of the camera.)
Joey : Y?know what? This is not fair to her. Let?s just forget the tape!
Joey : You?re right. (Mouths, "I know you?ll show me, right?)
Joey : Loud and clear! (Mouths, "You?ll show me," and nods.) (Ross storms out.)
Joey : Y?know, if they knew what they were doing they probably didn?t give you real names either.
Joey : Oh yeah? (To Phoebe) Hi, Ken Adams, nice to meet you.
Joey : Uh no Rach, he?s gone. But listen, he told us what happened and it does, it sounds like an honest mistake.
Joey : (confused) Are we watchin? the tape or not?!
Joey : (To Phoebe) I?m so happy! Commercial Break
Joey : How do you know about that story?!
Joey : (raises his hand) Some guy!! (Points to himself.)
Joey : (raises his hand and points to himself again) Ken Adams!!
Joey : (To Rachel) Okay, let me just get changed and we can go to dinner.
Joey : I?m not telling, you?ll have to see it on TV!
Joey : No, couldn?t care less. Joey's
Joey : Hey you too! Joey's
Joey : What? You weren?t in it.
Joey : Oh sorry. Uh-uh, Kash?
Joey : This is my friend Rachel. Rachel, Kash, Kash, Rachel.
Joey : (grabbing her) Here we go! Here we go! (Starts to pull her away from Kash.)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh you know uh Kash, really liked you the other day. He said he thought you were charming.
Joey : Hey, I?m with you. He even asked me if I thought you?d go out with him.
Joey : I said no.
Joey : What? I?I just figured since you?re pregnant you?re not gonna be seeing people.
Joey : I didn?t tell him. I didn?t know if you were telling people. This is back when I thought Kash was still people.
Joey : Rach look, I really don?t think that?s such a great?
Joey : Hey!
Joey : No. No. But I?ll go see a normal person movie with ya.
Joey : It?s no Ukrainian film.
Joey : I set her up with this actor on my show.
Joey : No
Joey : Well, I was thinking that it?d probably be okay because Ross hasn?t gone out with Rachel in five years!
Joey : Hey! I?m an (does the quote-marks thing as well) actor too! I?m not sure. I think they?re taking the ferry out to some Italian place on Staten Island.
Joey : Are we talking about one of those big boats that carry cars that go like five miles an hour?
Joey : Hey Kash. Uh hey-hey this is Ross. Ross, this is Kash.
Joey : So what movie do you want to see?And not another one I have to read. Okay? I get enough of that from books.
Joey : All right, car magazines, cereal boxes, but it?s like enough!
Joey : And just wait for Rachel to come back from her date?
Joey : Dude! What is going on?!
Joey : Why?
Joey : They go on one date and you?re worried about them getting married?! He?s not you!
Joey : Well Ross, what did you think she was gonna do?
Joey : What do you mean?
Joey : That?s a nice picture. Maybe you can still have that!
Joey : Hey, can I ask you something? In this, in this picture of you and your wife, is your wife Rachel?
Joey : Good call. Yeah. But, the face Ross, the face isn?t Rachel.
Joey : I know, but I don?t think that?s what she wants.
Joey : That?s okay Ross maybe you need a new picture. Okay? It?s not gonna be what you thought, but no matter what there?s gonna be a brand new little baby, your baby. Who cares what the picture looks like?
Joey : Hey, I tell you what. Let?s you and me go out and have some fun. Huh? Whatever you want. Come on!
Joey : No, I said fun!
Joey : Look, I?ll come to the party but I?m not dressing up.
Joey : No way! Look, Halloween is so stupid! Dressing up, pretending to be someone you?re not?
Joey : That hot girl from their wedding?
Joey : Well hey-hey if she needs any idea for costumes, she could be a bikini model, or a slutty nurse, or a sexy cheerleader huh?Ooh-ooh, Leatherface from The Texas Chainsaw Massacre?No-no-no! Slutty Leatherface.
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Yes I did! I?m Chandler. (Looks at Chandler) Dude, what happened?
Joey : Okay. I?m Chandler (makes a growling/gurgling sound at the end and the girls laugh.)
Joey : When have I ever done that?! (And does the sound again.) (There?s a knock on the door.)
Joey : (sees Ross) Hey all right, Ross came as doody.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Exclusively.
Joey : Catwoman, hands down.
Joey : But between you and Phoebe, I?d have to give the edge to Phoebe.
Joey : Are you kiddin?? Phoebe lived on the street. Okay? Plus, she?s got this crazy temper. She?She?s not standing right behind me is she?
Joey : I?m not sure.
Joey : Will you relax?! What are you taking this so seriously for? It doesn?t matter.
Joey : I would say, "Woman, please!"
Joey : (To Monica) Here comes the temper. (There?s a knock on the door and Rachel opens it to a little girl.)
Joey : Okay, here?s a good one for ya. Who do think would win in a fight between Ross and Chandler.
Joey : So Ross?
Joey : (To Monica) Hey-hey-hey, I think we might find out the answer to our question.
Joey : Monica and I were talking about who could kick whose ass in a fight, you or Ross?
Joey : So you think Ross too? (Monica turns around slowly.)
Joey : Hey Monica! (Grabs her and pulls her into the living room.) People came to see a fight, let?s give ?em what they came for!
Joey : Yeah. Listen to the slutty nurse.
Joey : Seriously guys, the trash talk is embarrassing. Commercial Break
Joey : Rach?
Joey : (entering) Pheebs come on! Bunny vs. Doody! We?re waiting! (They go inside.) (To Chandler and Ross.) Okay. Okay guys, one match, winner take all. (They grasp each other?s hand in preparation for battle.) Oh wait-wait! What does the winner get?
Joey : (laughing) Okay, if you say so. All right, ready? Set! Go! (They start wrestling, only they are unable to move either one?s arm despite a huge strain on their faces and a cheering crowd.) [Time
Joey : Or equally weak.
Joey : (to her) You?re a weird lady.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : That?s not so bad.
Joey : Come on! You?re good with kids. They?re just crazy on Halloween. Y?know, they?re all greedy and hopped up on sugar!
Joey : Absolutely! Halloween is the worst. Except for Christmas?and their birthdays. Kinda get a little crazy during the summer too. And anytime they?re hungry or sleepy. Y?know, kids are tough. Good luck with that. (Walks away.) Closing Credits
Joey : (entering) Hey Ross! Listen, do you want to go see that new Imax movie on tide pools?
Joey : (laughs) No. But I got Knicks tickets for you, me, and Chandler.
Joey : All right, well finish your coffee; let?s go.
Joey : To tape the game? You do this every time Ross, you?re not gonna be on TV!
Joey : Oh, you?re switching apartments?
Joey : But Rachel has an apartment.
Joey : She is?
Joey : I guess I didn?t really think about it.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh, okay. I?I ate way too much.
Joey : Ooh. (Notices the pizza, grabs a slice, and takes a bite.) So umm, I was talkin? to Ross and he said you were looking for a new place.
Joey : I was kinda hoping you?d stay.
Joey : No room? It?s a baby. It?s like this big. (Holds his hands about a foot apart.) Y?know, I mean you-you could you could put it over here. (A desk.) Or-or-or we could put it right here. (The chair.) Aw, it?s cute, right? Or-or we could put it over here. (By the bathroom door.) You wouldn?t even notice it. Where?s the baby? (Mumbles that it?s over in the corner.)
Joey : I could use a challenge! It?s getting pretty easy.
Joey : I love living with you so much. I just wish things didn?t have to change.
Joey : Y?know I blame Ross for this.
Joey : I?m gonna miss you, you?re the hottest roommate I ever had.
Joey : Hey! Uh, this is just to give you an idea. Okay well, we can put screens here, (In front of the crib.) so that the baby has privacy, and-and-and maybe a mobile over the crib. And uh?Oh look! Here?s a baby monitor (Holds it up), which until the baby comes we can use as walkie-talkies. Huh?
Joey : Ahhhhhhhhhhhh?. That-that-that?s really just to show where the baby would go. Y?know why don?t I hold on to him so that there?s no confusion? (Takes him back, sets him on the chair, and apologizes to him.)
Joey : I?m loud!
Joey : I?m up all night!
Joey : Hello!
Joey : Look, if I?m bringing home a woman who can?t stand being around a baby, then maybe I don?t want to be with that woman! Or maybe we?ll just do it in the bathroom of the club!
Joey : Yeah! All right?Look, I know sometimes it?ll be hard, okay? But, it?ll also be really?really great. Please Rachel! I-I-I really want you to stay.
Joey : Ohh!
Joey : I know! I found it on the street.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : I don?t know.
Joey : Ew.
Joey : Ooh! Ah! Okay! (Quickly drags the crib outside.) Dedicated to the Memory of Pearl Harmon Closing Credits
Joey : Isn?t that great?
Joey : It?s a grand tradition!
Joey : This is so unfair! The one thing I wanted to do was throw my best friend a bachelor party, but no, I wasn?t allowed to. All I got was a stupid steak dinner!
Joey : Oh yeah, that was a pretty good night.
Joey : So uh, you and Mona, been a while now. How?s it going?
Joey : Hot?
Joey : I?m gonna take that book and beat you to death with it.
Joey : Will you let the lady talk?!
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : (on cell phone) I?m sorry I gotta cancel tonight baby?
Joey : So you uh, nervous about getting married?
Joey : Look, look let?s pretend it?s a real bachelor party. Okay? Y?know? Before your wedding. Come on, it?ll be fun.
Joey : How does it feel knowing you?re never gonna be with another woman again huh? Knowing you?re gonna have to wake up to the same face everyday until you finally have the sweet release of death.
Joey : That?s her! Okay, come on! (They go over and open the door.)
Joey : Uh, that-that?s-that?s me!
Joey : Joey Tribbiani, a big fan.
Joey : Why-why would she go in the bedroom?
Joey : Yeah, that?s one naked hooker!
Joey : Wait! Wait! Maybe she?s a hooker and a stripper, but she got confused about what she?s supposed to do.
Joey : Maybe Monica?s playing a joke on ya. Y?know? Getting her own husband a hooker, that?s pretty funny.
Joey : I bet Ross was in on it too. I mean he was conveniently busy.
Joey : (on machine) Hey Ross. It?s Joey. There?s a hooker over here and we thought maybe you?d know something about it.
Joey : Maybe she meant to get you a hooker.
Joey : Maybe she wants you to learn something. Huh? Now is there anything you?re really bad at y?know, sexually?
Joey : In a minute!
Joey : All right, all right maybe-maybe you should just ask her to leave.
Joey : Hey! It?s your bachelor party.
Joey : I don?t want to. You do it!
Joey : You do it!
Joey : I miss this.
Joey : No, I-I miss hanging out with you.
Joey : Not like we used to. Remember? You and me used to be inseparable. Y?know now it?s like?things are different.
Joey : Oh sure?And hey, don?t get me wrong, I am so happy for you guys. I just?I miss?hanging out?just-just us, y?know?
Joey : You got it. Come here. (They hug and are observed by the hooker.)
Joey : Hey Rach listen, did you know that during pregnancy your fingers swell up to twice their size and never go back.
Joey : (laughing) You fall for it every time!
Joey : I just want you to say it once in a while.
Joey : What?!
Joey : Phoebe!
Joey : No they?re not! They?re ugly and stupid and delicious!
Joey : She is?
Joey : Yeah. But I thought that was because I put the whole thing on my hand and made it walk across the table.
Joey : But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving! I mean, Thanksgiving with no turkey is like-like Fourth of July with no apple pie! Or Friday with no two pizzas!
Joey : No there won?t! I promise I will finish that turkey!
Joey : That?s right! ?Cause I?m a Tribbiani! (To Rachel) And this is what we do! I mean we may not be great thinkers or world leaders, we don?t read a lot or run very fast, but damnit! We can eat! Opening Credits
Joey : Let me explain to you how the human body works. I have to warm my stomach first. Eatin? chips is like stretching.
Joey : Don?t worry, Tribbianis never get full.
Joey : (To Monica) Who the hell is this guy?
Joey : Oh hey!
Joey : That?s it?! Even if nobody helps me I can eat that no problem. At least give me a challenge!
Joey : (quietly) Oh. How-how big is that?
Joey : (To Rachel) It?s like me when I was born.
Joey : (To Monica) Seriously, who is this guy?
Joey : I?m afraid I?m gonna need proof.
Joey : You are my Everest.
Joey : Oh yes I do. Otherwise what?s next? Today I?m just a guy who can?t finish a turkey, but tomorrow I?m the guy who eats half a Powerbar, wraps up the rest, and puts in the fridge? No! No, I just?I just?I gotta change my pants. (Gets up and heads for the door.) Jeans have no give. (Exits.)
Joey : (entering, wearing the maternity pants from earlier) All right where?s that turkey!
Joey : Not now! These are my Thanksgiving pants! Closing Credits
Joey : Well that?s it. I?m done. Whew! (Wipes his forehead.) There come the meat sweats. (Chandler hands him a towel and he wipes his face.)
Joey : No just, nobody press on my stomach.
Joey : Whoa?hey?wh-wh-what do you got there? What is that? Pie?
Joey : Oh hey Rach, listen?Hi!
Joey : Umm, can you do me a favor? I was talkin? to my sister and she knows you work at Ralph Lauren?
Joey : No-no-no-no-no-no, not her, not her. My youngest sister, Dina, she?s really interested in fashion, and she wants to talk to someone successful, y?know, to give her some advice.
Joey : Oh no-no-no-no, she wants to talk to you!
Joey : Okay, so will you meet with her?
Joey : Great! Thanks! You?re gonna love her so much. And?Oh, she?s the smartest of all the Tribbiani children. Hey, y?know the S.A.T?s?
Joey : She took ?em! (Joey goes to get coffee and Rachel exits as the camera pans to Phoebe and Ross on the couch.)
Joey : (entering, with Dina) Here she is! Future fashion superstar!
Joey : My little sister Dina!
Joey : This is so exciting for her. Well, I?ll let you two fash?ists get down to business. (Exits.)
Joey : Hey! It?s my fashion girls! (They don?t react.) What?s wrong?
Joey : (concerned) Oh. What?s, what?s going on? Is it mom? Is she sick? Is it dad?s heart? Is that a sandwich?
Joey : Is that a sandwich?!
Joey : (angrily) What?!
Joey : Well obviously this is a mistake! You can?t be pregnant! Because you have to have sex to get pregnant!
Joey : (to Rachel) Bub!!! (Points at her and quiets Rachel.) (To Dina) I can?t believe this! You?re the good one! You went to college! Both years! Who did this to you?!
Joey : You got pregnant for funny?! Dina?if he?s funny?laugh! All right, I?ll be back in a little while! You stay here!
Joey : I can?t look at you right now! (Exits and slams the door behind him.)
Joey : Just what needs to be done! Dearly beloved, we are gathered here to join this man and this woman?
Joey : Don?t interrupt me when I?m talkin? to God! Now where were we? Oh right, okay. Do you Dina, take this man?
Joey : Oh you?ll take ?em!
Joey : Hey! You don?t get a say in this!
Joey : Ahhh! I heard "I do", we?re halfway there! Okay! (To Bobby) You!
Joey : Well what am I supposed to do?
Joey : No they can?t! They were stupid enough to get knocked up!
Joey : Oh? Oh! Okay! Okay! Let?s hear their plan! Now, what?s the future look like for Dina and Bobby?
Joey : (to Dina) You were right. He is funny.
Joey : Dina, if you?re having a baby you should be married! Even if it is to Bobby! (Bobby gets happy.) Dude, that?s not a compliment!
Joey : So whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! What are you gonna do? You?re gonna have the baby and-and raise it by yourself?without a husband?! You can?t be a single mother alone! You?re gonna ruin your life!
Joey : No! No! No! It?s different for you. You?re so strong and together. You?re not some dumb kid who doesn?t know what she?s doing.
Joey : One pregnant woman at a time, please! I just want you to be okay.
Joey : Maybe! (To Bobby) Well! Well?so-so uh, what kind of music does Numb Nuts?Oh forget it! I can?t!
Joey : Because! ?Cause? ?Cause you?re my baby sister!
Joey : Well I?d be scared of them, but all right.
Joey : Of course he?s gonna have his Uncle Joey!
Joey : That?s right! By his uncle too!
Joey : Come here! (Hugs Dina and Bobby looks to hug Rachel.)
Joey : Oh uh, ordinarily I would love too, but I am just swamped right now. (Brushes something off of his shirt and looks around, but doesn?t move from his chair.)
Joey : I?m missin? picture time?! (Jumps over to look, Ross glares at him and he retreats.)
Joey : (To Ross) Congratulations! You just got married!
Joey : Hey-hey-hey, hey that?s your wife you?re talking about!
Joey : Who was that?
Joey : You hung up on the pizza place? I don?t hang up on your friends.
Joey : Oh, what?s wrong?
Joey : Then why did I ask?
Joey : Is that college talk for horny?
Joey : Good, I uh, I saw a pretty big pigeon.
Joey : Yeah, I gotta, I gotta go to my room too.
Joey : Good night. (They both enter their rooms.) (Pause.)
Joey : (entering) I can?t do it!
Joey : You?re Rachel!
Joey : You?re my friend!
Joey : But plus, it would be wrong and weird and-and-and bad.
Joey : I know! (Pause.)
Joey : Do you wanna do it?
Joey : All right, me neither! I was just testing you!
Joey : This conversation never happened!
Joey : Good night! (They both go into their rooms and after a little while Rachel pokes her head into the living room.)
Joey : Get back in there! (Rachel re-enters her room and closes the door.) Closing Credits
Joey : (To Rachel) Do you think he saw us or can we still sneak out?
Joey : Oh! Hey Rach, listen umm?
Joey : I got a big date coming up, do you know a good restaurant?
Joey : Ooh, great! Thanks!
Joey : You sure are naming a lot of ways to postpone sex, I?ll tell ya?
Joey : Hey, y?know what?
Joey : Why don?t I take you out?
Joey : Yes I do! And we?re gonna go out, we?re gonna have a good time, and take your mind off of childbirth and c-sections and-and giant baby heads stretching out?
Joey : I?ll be fun.
Joey : No, I?m picking you up for our date. These are for you. (Hands her some flowers.)
Joey : And, a brownie! (Hands her a bag with the brownie in it.) Well, half a brownie. Actually, it?s just bag. It?s been a long walk from the flower shop and I was startin? to feel faint so?
Joey : Hey come on now, this is a real date. Uh, so?nice place you got here. Foosball, huh? Pizza box. Oh, a subscription to Playboy, my kind of woman.
Joey : I would like to meet him. He sounds like a stand up guy.
Joey : Ah? Hey, so this roommate of yours?is he good looking?
Joey : Oh yeah, it must be tough to keep your hands of him, huh?
Joey : No-no-no-no, he?s not! No! Why are you trying to ruin the game? Come on!
Joey : Y?know what? Bring her both, and I?ll have the same. (The waitress leaves.)
Joey : Oh whoa-whoa-whoa, no roommate stuff. Okay? We?re on a date.
Joey : No! No. Umm, just myself and if they don?t like me for?(Laughs.) I?m sorry I couldn?t even get through that.
Joey : Oh alright. Umm, well, okay, I usually start by having a bottle of wine sent to my table from a fan.
Joey : Well it does when you combine it with, "This is so embarrassing, I just want to have a normal life!"
Joey : Oh okay, how about this one. I was gonna wait until the end of the night to kiss you, but you?re so beautiful?I don?t think I can.
Joey : Alright, so?so tell me one of your moves.
Joey : That?s your move? Boy Rach, you?re lucky you?re hot.
Joey : (exasperated) Queens.
Joey : Yeah, with my mom. Yeah, not so much with my dad.
Joey : I don?t know. I guess there?s just always been this distance y?know?I mean we both try to pretend it?s not there, but it is.
Joey : Yeah, it is. It?s really tough. Y?know sometimes I think?Wow!! Nice move!
Joey : "Where?d you grow up," it?s so simple!
Joey : Yeah. (Rachel gets up and heads for the rest room.)
Joey : Yes I am! Again so simple!
Joey : Oh come on! Just pick one! Between Monica, Phoebe, Chandler, and Ross if you had to, if you had to, who would you punch?
Joey : Chandler?
Joey : Me too! Hey Rach, can I just say I think this is the best date I ever had!
Joey : I never laughed so hard?Did you see the wine come out of my nose?
Joey : I gotta say, I never knew I could enjoy the non-sex part of the date so much.
Joey : Huh. Huh.
Joey : Ah! Okay, well then you don?t judge me. I?m gonna suck on the cellophane from the brownie I had before. (They both do as they planned.)
Joey : Ah, well, if I want the girl to kiss me, first thing I do is make my lips look irresistible.
Joey : Now you can?t tell anyone, but uh?I put on shiny lip balm.
Joey : Yeah, like a moth to a flame, I?m telling ya. Okay all right, so now you go.
Joey : Why not?
Joey : More embarrassing than shiny raspberry lip balm?! (Rachel just looks at him.) I didn?t say raspberry before did I? All right just-just tell me Rach, just tell me!
Joey : (stunned and turned on) Yeah. Why?Yeah, that would work for ya?
Joey : Oh. (She kisses him.) Yeah. (She goes into her room.) Me to. (He then starts to freak out.) Commercial Break
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh yeah, I still can?t believe you haven?t seen Cujo. What is wrong with you?
Joey : Have you ever tried to sit through Citizen Kane?
Joey : Oh yeah? All right, let?s do it tonight.
Joey : Oh right!
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Oh my God! You did too? It totally freaked me out, what was that?!
Joey : Oh yeah-yeah, the lobster.
Joey : Yeah me too, all night.
Joey : Yeah well that?s because uh?I stayed in my room. Yeah, you don?t want to look in my hamper.
Joey : No-no! I?m fine. It?s just? Hey, can I ask you something? Have you ever looked at someone that you?ve known for a while and then suddenly?suddenly see them a different way? Joey's
Joey : Yeah. Yeah, that?that?s exactly it. You?re right. Yeah. Joey's
Joey : (deadpan) Ooh! Yeah. So yeah, so you know exactly what I?m talking about. Joey's
Joey : Oh yeah, sure. (She gets up, walks towards the bathroom, and Joey watches her go.) Ehhh.
Joey : (incredulous) Alone?!
Joey : Hey, did you get to the part where they?re trapped in the car and Cujo?s throwin? himself at the windshield?
Joey : Oh uh, it didn?t work out.
Joey : Oh uh, okay. Yeah.
Joey : Oh sure, yeah, why not? (Sits on the arm of the chair.)
Joey : All right, I know! I know. Yeah, it?ll be okay.
Joey : Terrified. (But for a totally different reason.) Closing Credits
Joey : (thinking) All right. It?s a new day. All that stuff about Rachel, you don?t feel that now. It was crazy! You?re fine. You?re better than fine! You are, as your friend Tony would say, Grrrreat! Everything?s normal! She?s just your friend Rachel! Your friend Rachel. Your friend! Rachel.
Joey : (thinking) Hey, it?s your girlfriend, Rachel! Opening Credits
Joey : (entering) Hey, Chandler, you got a minute? I-I really need to talk to you.
Joey : Well, neither.
Joey : I don?t know. It?s-it?s just?lately, I?ve been feeling? Okay, here?s what it is? (Pause) You know what? I feel a lot better, thanks! (Starts to leave)
Joey : All right. Okay. You and Monica, friends for a long time, and sure there are rules, but then you went to London. Oh, no, but that?s different. I mean, there are rules there, too! You know what I mean?
Joey : It was different for you guys! I mean, I mean, you were both in the same place, right?
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : You know what? This is a bad idea. Forget it. Forget it, and listen, do me a favor, this conversation was between you and me.
Joey : Hey. Well, what?s up?
Joey : What?
Joey : Whaaat?
Joey : Oh my God. You do?
Joey : I know. I know. And this is so much more complicated than it was for those guys. I mean, it?s Rachel for God sakes.
Joey : I know. I know. And she?s not only my friend; she?s my pregnant friend! She?s my pregnant friend who?s Ross? ex!
Joey : What am I going to do? You know, and I keep, I keep trying to get rid of these feelings, y?know? I stayed up all last night and made a list of everything I don?t like about her. You want to hear it?
Joey : She made me switch to light Mayo. That?s it! That?s all I got! And, you know what? It tastes the same and my pants fit better!
Joey : You think?
Joey : Yeah, just a crush! That?s all this is! It?s a crush! I?m Joey; I don?t get deep feelings.
Joey : Not really.
Joey : (from outside the bathroom) Hello?
Joey : Why?
Joey : (entering the bathroom) What are you guys doing in here?
Joey : It?s no big deal, okay? Phoebe and I talked about it. It?s just a crush! It?s going to go away! (Looks down) Dude, you gotta rearrange your bubbles! Oh!
Joey : (thinking) All right. It?s a new day, and it?s just a crush, that?s all! Just a little crush! All that worrying I was doing, that was crazy. Crazy! Like my friend here the bird would say, "it was cuckoo!" Everything?s going to be fine. It?s just a crush.
Joey : (thinking) I love you. Closing Credits
Joey : Oh okay, okay! One more push! One more push! Come on honey, we?re almost there! We?re almost there!
Joey : Oh, I love you too.
Joey : That?s always appropriate! (Back to the matter at hand) Oh, okay. One more push! One more push! (Finally, the baby is delivered and starts crying.)
Joey : What? What?s going on?
Joey : Aaaah?
Joey : Really?!
Joey : Oh, y?know what? Maybe uh, you?you should come to me. I?m a not, I?m not wearing any bottoms.
Joey : Oh my, oh my God!
Joey : Mia Hamm?
Joey : Oh that?s amazing. (Drops the sheet.)
Joey : Whoa-hey-oh! Sorry!
Joey : Hey Ross! The baby?s kicking!
Joey : A dreamless sleep.
Joey : Well I got stuff going on in here (Rubbing his belly) if you wanna feel.
Joey : Wow! Can I get a copy of that?
Joey : Whoa, Monica runs a pretty tight ship over here. What are you doing?
Joey : Why not?
Joey : I don?t know. Ooh, I bet it?s Richard.
Joey : Well off the top of my head uhh, maybe she?s having her cake and eating it too. You being the cake and Richard being the too. Or!
Joey : I saw this movie once where there was a door and no one knew what was behind it, and when they finally got it open millions and millions and millions of bugs came pouring out and they feasted on human flesh. Y?know it wouldn?t kill ya to respect your wife?s privacy! (He walks away and into his apartment and looks the door.) Stupid closet full of bugs!
Joey : Oh hey whoa-whoa, don?t worry. Okay. When my sisters were pregnant they got every weird feeling in the book, it was always nothing.
Joey : Absolutely. But, we?re gonna stop by the hospital just to be sure, okay? I?ll page Ross on the way. Come on.
Joey : Okay Rach-Rach-Rach look at me, look at me, everything?s gonna be fine, trust me. Okay. Take my hand. Here we go. (Rachel grabs his hand.) Oww crushing bones!
Joey : Hey! So? Dr.
Joey : So but everything is normal. Dr.
Joey : And-and there?s no danger to her and the baby? Dr.
Joey : Calm?! I wasn?t calm! I?ve never been more scared in all my life!
Joey : Well what do I know?! I?m not a doctor!
Joey : You sure?!
Joey : (seeing Ross) Oh hey-hey!
Joey : Something called Braxton-Hicks contractions.
Joey : Hey uh, what?s with the candy?
Joey : Oh hey, don?t worry about it man. Don?t worry about it, no big deal.
Joey : Oh uh, hey. Not as good as this guy! (Grabs Ross around the shoulders.) He brought Twizlers! Commercial Break
Joey : Easy there Captain Kirk. Oh, do you have a bobby pin?
Joey : Then why do you throw like one?
Joey : Sure. "Monica."
Joey : Uh, really good. Really good. Yeah, I should be ready to kill myself any day now. (Chandler returns with a bobby pin and hands it to Joey.) Wow, you sure found that quick. (He tries the pin in the lock.) I just?I wish I didn?t feel this way about Rachel anymore, y?know? I wish things could go back to normal. I mean, I love living with her and God, helping out with the baby is just amazing, but now I think?I think Ross feels left out. Y?know? When I had to take Rachel to the hospital, the doctor thought I was the father. God? You should?ve seen the look on Ross?s face. (Pause) By the way, I have no idea what I?m doing here. For all I know I?m just locking it more. Oh hey, did you try opening it with a credit card?
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Oh, I just?I feel terrible.
Joey : What?s going on?
Joey : Pickle? Pickles make her sick. Giving her pickles is like giving me salad.
Joey : I?m on it! (Takes a bite out of the sandwich.)
Joey : Dude relax! It could happen to anyone.
Joey : Hey uh, can I, can I talk to you guys for a second?
Joey : Uh, sit down. I wanna talk about our situation.
Joey : The thing is??cause I live with Rachel I?m here for a lot of the stuff, okay? (To Rachel) And Ross?Ross is missing everything. So?
Joey : Maybe you two should live together.
Joey : Oh no-no, no-no I love living with you. It just seems that?if you?re gonna have a roommate, y?know it might as well be the father.
Joey : All right now, so? What do you think?
Joey : Well, I was due.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Well uh, I wanted to have a few beers, but uh, I got rid of those because Rachel couldn?t stand the smell of them. But I have thrown back a lot of orange juice with calcium though. And uh, it?s a couple weeks past it?s expiration date, so it?s got a bit of a kick.
Joey : Are you kidding me? I?m great! Yeah, I?m uh; I?m better than great. I am good. And now that she?s gone, I can uh, I can do all this stuff around here that I couldn?t do before. Y?know? Like umm, I can walk around naked again. Y?know? I can uh, I can watch porn in the living room. Right? This is uh, this is good for me. Y?know? I like being on my own, I?m uh, better off this way. I?m uh, a lone wolf. Y?know? A loner. Alone. All alone. Forever. What?s a wolf got to do to get a huh around here?! (Chandler rushes over and hugs him.) Closing Credits
Joey : Hey, so, uh, how?s it going living over at Ross??
Joey : Bye. (Rachel exits with coffee)
Joey : There?s one lucky to-go cup of coffee.
Joey : Thanks. But maybe later.
Joey : You know what I want? I want a lot of things! I want to be with the woman I love on Valentine?s Day! And I want her to love me back! And I want just one moment of relief from the gut-wrenching pain of knowing that that?s never going to happen!
Joey : Oh, okay. Opening Credits
Joey : No, I?m not sleeping with your friend Jane again. (Phoebe goes into the hall and brings a dog inside!)
Joey : Hey! A dog! Hi! Who, you got to admit, looks a lot like Jane.
Joey : Thanks so much, Pheebs! (to the dog) We are going to have so much fun, yes we are! (the dog sticks his head between Joey?s legs) Oh! Not that kind of fun.
Joey : Get the ball, ready? Get the ball, get the ball! (Joey pretends to throw it, but really doesn?t, and the dog goes running off.) Well, you?re cute, but you?re not too smart! (The dog returns with a ball that looks exactly like the same one Joey has.)
Joey : (looking at the ball the dog brought back) Did I just throw this?
Joey : Hi.
Joey : Oh, that?s, uh, that?s Phoebe?s friend?s dog. I don?t know what his real name is, but I call him Mozzarella.
Joey : (to the dog) C?mere. Hey. C?mere. That?s Rachel. She?s the one who used to live here. Might as well be honest with you?we love her. But we can?t have her. I really miss her. Well, hey, you understand, right? You?re a guy. (thinks about it and picks up the dog and looks) Well, you used to be.
Joey : So, between her and me being friends, and her history with Ross, it just isn?t going to happen. It would be like you falling in love with a cat.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : No.
Joey : Yeah, sure. Go ahead. (pause) Oh, me, right! (Joey follows Phoebe into the kitchen)
Joey : Nothing. We just talked about stuff.
Joey : Rachel stuff.
Joey : He?s breathing!
Joey : No, no, no, no! He?s fine! Look, look, look! (picks up the ball) Here?s your ball! Get your ball! Get your ball! (he throws the ball and it bounces right next to the dog) Get your ball! My God, what have I done to you, huh? I broke the dog! Pheebs, I broke the dog!
Joey : Hey, what?s up?
Joey : Oh, man, I?m sorry. Why?
Joey : Still, that really sucks, man. Especially on Valentine?s Day.
Joey : Sort of.
Joey : You don?t have to seem so happy about it.
Joey : Oh, I?I d?
Joey : Forget about it. It?s no big deal.
Joey : It?s nothing.
Joey : Okay, uh?sit down. (they do) Um? there?s this woman that I like. A lot. But, uh?it can?t happen.
Joey : No!
Joey : Yes.
Joey : Sometimes I think maybe she could. But it doesn?t matter, because I can?t do anything about it.
Joey : Well, it?s complicated. She?s with this other guy. For a long time. Someone from work, too. And I could never do that to the guy, because we?re really good friends.
Joey : No. I don?t think so.
Joey : Yeah, he?s the best.
Joey : Oh, I don?t know.
Joey : I do! So much! I can?t stop thinking about her! I can?t sleep, I?
Joey : Oh, yeah.
Joey : It?s Rachel. Closing Credits
Joey : There?s this woman, that I like. A lot. Well, it?s complicated. She?s with this other guy. For a long time. And I could never do that to the guy, y?know? ?Ccause we?re really good friends.
Joey : Yeah, he?s the best.
Joey : Oh, I don?t know.
Joey : I do! So much! I can?t stop thinking about her! I can?t sleep, I?
Joey : It?s Rachel. [Fade to Black, then fade in again with Ross stopped at the doorway.]
Joey : Yes.
Joey : Yes. I like Rachel.
Joey : (startled) Yeah, okay but look, buy uh?Hey-hey, y?know, y?know who else I like? You! And it-it doesn?t get said enough. I like you Ross.
Joey : Yeah, but it?s not a big deal.
Joey : I?m an actor, y?know? As-as a group, we tend to be over dramatic.
Joey : Look no, I-I know it?s bad, and I know it?s wrong. Okay? But-but it?s not like anything?s ever gonna happen. Y?know? These-these are just feelings, they?re gonna go away.
Joey : Oh come on Ross! Hey Ross-Ross don?t?
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Look, I understand if you came by to hit me, I deserve it.
Joey : Oh what then? Kick me?
Joey : (getting worried) Bite me?
Joey : Oh now?Hey Ross-Ross! Do you wanna-wanna come in for a beer or something?
Joey : Do uh, do you got any beer? All-all I got is this melon stuff that Rachel left. I don?t?
Joey : (pouring two glasses) Hey look Ross, you need to understand something okay? I uh?I am never gonna act on this Rachel thing, okay? I-I would never do anything to jeopardize my friendship with you. (He hands Ross a glass.)
Joey : Anyway, it uh?look it?ll just?take me a while to get over her, that?s all. I?m not even sure how to do that, I mean I?ve never been in love before so?
Joey : Yeah, I thought you knew that.
Joey : Wow. Hey look, if it helps, I don?t want to feel this way. Honest. I just keep thinking, "Ah, I?ll get over this." Y?know? I just?It just keeps gettin? harder. I don?t, I don?t know what to do. Y?know? What do I do? (Pause)
Joey : Okay that?s the green stuff talkin?.
Joey : But what if uh?and I?m not saying she will be?But?
Joey : Are you sure?
Joey : Hey thanks.
Joey : Oh my God I have to tell her! I haven?t even thought about what I will say. What should I say?
Joey : I?m sorry, you?re right. What am I gonna say? (He takes another sip of the green stuff and recoils at the taste.) Oh!
Joey : Okay. Okay, I can do this. I can tell her how I feel. Just uh, just stand up straight. (Does so.) Take a couple deep breaths. (Does so.) Look confident. (Does so as Rachel opens the door and startles him.)
Joey : I uh, I just came by because I-I want to talk to you about something.
Joey : Here? In the hall? What are we animals?
Joey : Okay umm, I just came by to tell you that I?want to have dinner with you tonight. That?s all.
Joey : Okay. That?s good. Okay, that give you a couple hours to prepare what you?re gonna say. Good. Yeah. (Someone comes out of his apartment and it startles Joey again.) Don?t you people ever knock?!
Joey : What? Yeah! Sure! Uh, look at the uh, the reason?(Exhales slowly)?Is it hot in here?
Joey : I would, but this is a nice place and my T-shirt has a picture of Calvin doing Hobbs.
Joey : Yeah. Sure. (They both half stand up, Joey pulls the neck of his sweater out, and Rachel looks down it to see his T-shirt.)
Joey : Uh? How long have we known each other?
Joey : Uh-huh, long time.
Joey : But over the past few weeks? (A waiter runs over interrupting Joey.)
Joey : Actually uh, could you give us a second?
Joey : I?m not quite sure.
Joey : Yeah, here we are. Uhh? I? I think I?m?falling in love with you.
Joey : I?m falling in love with you.
Joey : Does it really matter?
Joey : Okay look Rach, I know this is a lot. You don?t have to say anything. You-you uh, you take as much time as you need. (Long pause as Rachel says nothing.) Okay, you gotta say something!
Joey : But. (Hangs his head down.)
Joey : Yeah-yeah right. That?s okay. That?s fine. That?s uh, pretty much what I was expecting. So uh, it?s no big deal. All right? I think I?m gonna go. (Stands up.)
Joey : Don?t start doing that. You can?t do that Rach, ?cause then you?re gonna make me do that. (Starts to cry.) Oh, here we go! (Sits down next to her.)
Joey : Sure! (They hug.)
Joey : Hey-hey-hey, hey! You can?t. Okay? Ever!
Joey : Oh no-no Rach, please, don?t be sorry. Okay? Don?t be sorry. (They hug again.) Y?know I was only kidding you.
Joey : (hearing Rachel and jumping up with his plate) Oh God! That?s Rachel!
Joey : No-no, I can?t! I can?t! Not after the other night, it?s just it?s?too weird, okay? Don?t tell her I?m here! (Turns to run to the bathroom and his bagel falls off the plate onto the floor.) Don?t eat that! (Runs to the bathroom as Rachel enters.)
Joey : Yeah, a naked bagel game? (Picks up his dropped bagel.) (To Chandler) Dude, I don?t know. That?s a pretty small hole.
Joey : I can?t! Y?know? You guys don?t know what it?s like to put yourself out there like that and just get shot down.
Joey : All right so, so what do I do?
Joey : Yeah. Okay. (Goes to take a bite out of the previously mentioned bagel.) Whoa! (Stops.) I almost forgot this was on your?
Joey : Hey. (He slowly walks to the other side of the couch and sits down at the table, an awkward silence follows.)
Joey : Hi. (More awkward silence.)
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : So you uh, have a?big work problem?
Joey : Huh. Okay. (Awkward silence.) So uh, I think I?m gonna take off.
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : What?! Oh my-oh my God!
Joey : What he wants to buy your baby?!
Joey : That?s crazy!
Joey : Okay, how did this even happen?
Joey : Man! When you said it was a problem about your boss and the baby I figured it was something about maternity leave.
Joey : Do you think you can just buy my friends baby?! Commercial Break
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Not a problem. Oh, and just so you know, that guy?s not going to be bothering you about that baby thing anymore.
Joey : Let?s just say I took care of it.
Joey : Don?t worry! Don?t worry. I just told him, very nicely, "You don?t go buying people?s babies, so back off!!"
Joey : What?! Why?!
Joey : And you couldn?t think of anything else?!
Joey : You lied to me!
Joey : So? What-what-what happened?
Joey : I know. I know.
Joey : Hey you?re right. Yeah, it?s kinda been like us again a little bit.
Joey : Me too. I mean I?haven?t thought at all about how I put myself out there and said all that stuff and how you didn?t feel the same way about me and-and how it was really awkward. (Awkward silence.)
Joey : So, who?s the guy?
Joey : Well I can promise you, at least one person will be crying. (Points to himself) I?m an actor, and any actor worth himself can cry on cue. (snaps fingers)
Joey : Are you kidding me? Watch! (Makes funny faces trying to cry) Well I can?t do it with you guys watching me! Opening Credits
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Yeah, yeah, in honor of their 35th wedding anniversary, I had a star named after them.
Joey : And I got them a book on Karma Sutra for the elderly.
Joey : I have to go to the bathroom too, but I don?t want him complimenting my thing.
Joey : I know
Joey : Yeah uh, Phoebe! Look umm, I want to apologize about before, okay? We were being jerks. Parker?s a nice guy and I?d like to get to know him.
Joey : Why?
Joey : What-what?
Joey : I know I?m having the worst time. There was a 15-minute line for the buffet, and when I finally got up to the plates, I slipped on a giant booger!
Joey : I guess it could?ve been, I didn?t really look at it. Y?know, I just wiped it on Chandler?s coat and got the hell out of there.
Joey : Oh hey, you should be excited about him. There?s nothing wrong with him he?s a good guy.
Joey : Yeah. Ya know what I think; I think we were all just being too negative.
Joey : Actually, you have a little bit of an edge.
Joey : Nothing?
Joey : (reading) Three down, Days Of Our Lives star blank Tribbiani. That?s me!! I?m blank!!
Joey : Yeah you are baby.
Joey : No. They really like me over there. They want to do a big profile on me, but I said no.
Joey : Remember what happened the last time I did an interview for them? I said I write a lot of my own lines, and then the writers got mad and made my character fall down the elevator shaft. So who knows what I might say this time.
Joey : Fine! All right, I?ll do it. But hey! You guys have to be at the next table so you can stop me if I y?know, start to say something stupid.
Joey : Yeah. Opening Credits
Joey : Oh, not at all. Happy to do it. [Cut to the rest of the gang sitting low on the couch and craning their necks to watch the interview.]
Joey : (laughs) Actually, I didn?t know the magazine was paying for it. Wouldn?t have mattered, I?m doing this for the fans, not for the free food.
Joey : And I?ll have all the muffins. [Cut to the gang.]
Joey : (He goes into a song and dance number) All you want is a dingle, What you envy's a schwang, A thing through which you can tinkle, Or play with, or simply let hang... [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Oh, you said it Mike. (Rips open the carton and spills milk on the counter) Aw! There's got to be a better way!
Joey : (finishing installing the Milk Master 2000) Wow, it is easy. (Starts to poor the milk) Now, I can have milk everyday. (The crowd ahhs.) [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Yeah, I guess it is. And so? I?m gonna get on this spaceship, (Smoke starts pouring in from the ceiling, and a ladder comes down, with flashing, colored lights on the side of it) and I?m gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels. But when I return, 200 years from now, you?ll be long gone. But I won?t have aged at all. (Gets on the ladder) So you tell your great-great-granddaughter to look me up, because Adrienne? baby?I?m gonna want to meet her. (The ladder retracts, taking Joey up into the spaceship for his voyage to Blargon 7.) [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do?so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, (Joey from TV) you know that's bad for the paper tray.
Joey : Thank you. Wait-wait-wait-wait, you see me again. Hang on, the guy's butt's blockin' me. There I am, there I am, there I am, there I am, there I am? [Cut to the interview.]
Joey : Well, there are so many things, it?s hard to pick just one. [Cut to the gang.]
Joey : (drinking a beer) Look at this clown! Just because he?s got a bigger boat he thinks he can take up the whole river. (Yelling) Get out of the way jackass! (To Rachel) Who names their boat Coast Guard anyway?
Joey : What are they doing out here? The coast?s all the way over there. (Points to the coast.) [The next one is from Episode
Joey : (To Chandler) Dude! What are yo?you trying to kill me?! [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Dude, stop talking crazy and make us some tea! (Chandler does so.) [The next one is from Episode
Joey : I think you?re right. (Goes over and picks up the remote.)
Joey : One.
Joey : That?s kinda nice.
Joey : Yeah. (Pause.)
Joey : Yeah. (Chandler turns on the TV and?)
Joey : Yeah!!
Joey : In my spare time I uh, read to the blind. And I?m also a mento for the kids.(The gang shake their heads.) Y?know a mento, a role model. (Chandler bites his fist to keep from talking.) The
Joey : Right. The
Joey : Matter of fact, I do. (Chandler tries to jump over the couch but everyone stops him.) The
Joey : Uh, we stars just try to eat right and get lots of exercise. [Another set of flashbacks begin with Episode
Joey : Wow! You realize that we've been throwing this ball, without dropping it, for like an hour?
Joey : Yeah. I realized it about a half-hour ago but I didn't want to say anything 'cause I didn't want to jinx it.
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Oh, I-I, I think that's the first time I ever missed a meal! (Checks his pants.) Yeah, my pants are a little loose! [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Nothing! Well, I-I got this blinding pain in my stomach when I was lifting weights before, then I uh passed out and uh, haven?t been able to stand up since. But um, I don?t think it?s anything serious.
Joey : No way! ?Kay look, if I have to go to the doctor for anything it?s gonna be for this thing sticking out of my stomach! (Rolls over and shows Chandler.) Why did I have to start working out again? (Looks at the weights he was using.) Damn you 15s! [The next one is from Episode
Joey : I like it.
Joey : What?s not to like? Custard? Good. Jam? Good. Meat? Goooooood. [The next one is from Episode
Joey : The fridge broke. I have to eat everything. Cold cuts, ice cream, limes?Hey, what was in that brown jar?
Joey : Not anymore. [The next one is from Episode
Joey : (pulls out a fork) All right, what are we havin?? (Starts digging in.) [Cut to the interview.]
Joey : Uhh, I don?t believe in these crazy diets y?know, just everything in moderation.
Joey : I?ll take those to go. (To the interviewer) For the kids. The
Joey : It was so stupid, I said some stuff in an interview that I shouldn?t have said. But believe me, that?s not gonna happen today. The
Joey : Well, I said that I? (The gang jumps up and interrupts him.) Commercial Break
Joey : You guys, this is Shelley, she?s interviewing me for Soap Opera Digest, and Shelley, this are my friends?
Joey : Okay.
Joey : No thanks. The
Joey : How come you have two?
Joey : Get out.
Joey : Wow, is this friendship? I think so. Check it out, we're bracelet buddies.
Joey : No that?s all right. Don?t worry about it.
Joey : Rach! Hey! It?s fine! You?re at Joey?s!
Joey : Yeah! Look! (He throws some of his spaghetti on the floor.)
Joey : I know. (Rachel throws some of hers down.)
Joey : All right, don?t waste it, I mean its still food. (He picks it up and eats it.) [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Wow, you are a good friend, 'course the audition was this morning, and I didn't get it. But that was a hell of a kiss. Rachel is a very lucky girl. [The next one is from Episode
Joey : All right. Let's get the contestants out of their isolation booths. (He removes the waste bucket that's over the duck and the laundry basket that's over the chicken.) And they're off! (He puts his foot in front of the chick, stopping it from moving.)
Joey : Judge rules, no violation.
Joey : And the duck gets the Nutter-Butter!
Joey : Judge rules, Nutter-Butter.
Joey : Yeah. [The next one is from Episode
Joey : I?d seen this thing on The Discovery Channel...
Joey : That?s right I stepped up! She?s my friend and she needed help! And if I had too, I?d pee on anyone of you! [Cut to the interview.]
Joey : Umm, no. No best friend, no. Just a lot of close friends. The
Joey : Really? Me? Wow! I don?t even know any huge gay people! [Cut to the gang.]
Joey : What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Joey : I think face to face.
Joey : Face to face, yeah!
Joey : All right. (Ross steps onto the bottom rung of the ladder and then steps on Joey?s chest.)
Joey : (grunting) Oh my? How much do you weigh Ross?!
Joey : Y?know, when we talked about face to face, I don?t think we thought it all the way through. [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Hey Pheebs! (He sits down next to her.)
Joey : Check it out. (He turns around, pulls down his pants, and shows Phoebe that he?s got panties on.) How much of a man am I?!
Joey : No I?m not. Why would you say that? That?s just mean.
Joey : It?s not what you said. It?s the way you said it? Oh My God, I?m a woman!!! [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Great nap.
Joey : Uh me? Gay? No! No. No, but I have a number of close friends who are. (Chandler and Ross look at each other.) The
Joey : Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin??"
Joey : (to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin?? (Phoebe looks at him, and then giggles and looks away.) [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Hey! How you doin??
Joey : I?d love to show ya, but I just tucked her in. She?s sleeping. (The women both laugh) Hey uh, would you two girls like to go for a drink? (Just then the same guy with the football dives to make a catch, lands on the car cover, and collapses it. It turns out that Joey set up a bunch of boxes to make it look like a Porsche.) [The next one is from Episode
Joey : Hey, (in the Joey voice) how you doin??
Joey : Oh! I see what happened. It's because I was trying to repel you. Right? Believe me, you'd feel a lot different if I turned it on.
Joey : Oh, I do. (Gives her the Joey-love look.) How you doin?
Joey : What?!?! Oh dear God! [Cut to the interview.]
Joey : Not much to tell there I?m really shy. (The gang is confused.) The
Joey : Oh great! Great! Thank you. (They shake hands.) The
Joey : Bye-bye. (The interviewer leaves and he sits down with the rest of the gang.) I did it!
Joey : Oh, I don?t watch soap operas. Excuse me, I have a life, y?know? (The gang is disappointed.) The
Joey : Oh, good to know. (The interviewer leaves.) So close! Closing Credits
Joey : Yeah, I called the lady about that. I told her I was just joking. She was pretty nice about that.
Joey : Little bit, yeah.
Joey : Oh yeah, that?s just a little something for my huge gay fan base. (Winks at him.)
Joey : Oh no, I can?t go. I?m practicing; I got an audition to be the host of a new game show.
Joey : Yeah-yeah, and if I get it by day I?ll (In a sexy voice) Dr. Drake Remoray, but by night I?ll be (In an announcer?s voice) Joey Trrrribbiani!
Joey : But the audition?s in a couple hours and I don?t even understand the game.
Joey : Oh really? That?d be great! You guys can be the contestants!
Joey : (announcer voice) All right! Let?s play Bamboozled!
Joey : Yeah, isn?t that a cool name?
Joey : All right. Uhh, okay. Our first contestant is Ross Geller. Why don?t you tell us a little something about you Ross?
Joey : I said a little bit Ross. Now, how about you Chandler?
Joey : Excellent! Let?s play Bamboozled! Chandler, you?ll go first. What is the capital of Columbia?
Joey : It?s Ba-go-ta, but close enough. Now, you can either pass your turn to Ross or pick a Wicked Wango card.
Joey : I should know that. Let?s see, just one moment please. Umm, here we are, a Wicked Wango card determines whether you go higher or lower.
Joey : This is embarrassing. (Looks it up.)
Joey : All right Ross you?re in the lead, would you like to take another question or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
Joey : Okay, this is gonna be tough. Hold your breath.
Joey : No dude, you gotta hold your breath until you?re ready to answer the question.
Joey : Okay, what do you have a fear of if you suffer from this phobia, Tris?Holy cow, that?s a big word. Trisc? Seriously look at this thing. Chandler, how do you say that?
Joey : This one right here. (Ross whines.)
Joey : No! No, fear of the number 13.
Joey : All right Chandler, you?re up.
Joey : All right. Chandler, you can either spin the wheel or pick a Google card.
Joey : You-you must choose Mr. Bing.
Joey : Choose, you jackass!
Joey : Okay, you picked the Gimmie card! You get all of Ross?s points!
Joey : (To Chandler) In what John Houston film would you hear this line, "Badges? We don?t need no stinkin? badges!"
Joey : Correct! There?s a possible backwards bonus!
Joey : Yes!
Joey : Wise choice, how many rungs?
Joey : (makes a sound like a monkey) That noise can only me one thing.
Joey : Okay, it?s an audio question, name this television theme song. (Starts humming the theme to I Dream of Genie.)
Joey : Yes! Yes, you?re back in the lead!
Joey : All right! All right! Uh, umm, Super-Speedy Speed round!
Joey : Of course! (Ross gets up and starts to hop on one leg.)
Joey : Who invented bifocals?
Joey : Correct! Which monarch has ruled Great Britain the longest?
Joey : Correct again! But, you forgot to switch legs between questions, so no hopping bonus!
Joey : Now, over to Chandler.
Joey : Are you sure?
Joey : Oh my God! Congratulations Ross, because Chandler, you?ve been Bamboozled!
Joey : (announcer voice) It?s a pleasure to meet you Ray.
Joey : (announcer voice) Rightie-O Ray!
Joey : (to the camera) Hello, I?m Joey Tribbiani! Let?s play Bamboozled! Erin, you get the first question! In hockey, who is known as The Great One?
Joey : Correct! Now, would you like to pick a Wicked Wango card or spin the Wheel of Mayhem?
Joey : What?Why?!
Joey : Well what?s complicated? You spin the Wheel of Mayhem to go up the Ladder of Chance. You go past the Mud Hut through the Rainbow Ring to get to the Golden Monkey; you yank his tail and boom! You?re in Paradise Pond!
Joey : Well what?s fun about that? You expect me to be the host of a boring game that?s just people standing around answering questions?
Joey : (announcer voice to the camera) Let?s play Bamboozled!
Joey : Man, this is bad! And I?ve had my share of bad reviews. I still remember my first good one though. (Quoting) "Everything else in this production of Our Town was simply terrible. Joey Tribbiani was abysmal."
Joey : Yeah! Yeah Monica! You listen to me, okay? And I?m not just saying this because I?m your friend, I?m sayin? it ?cause it?s the truth. You?re food is abysmal! Opening Credits
Joey : (entering) Hey uh Monica, I can?t remember. Did we say we were gonna meet here or at the movies?
Joey : Okay, I?ll see you there. (Starts to leave)
Joey : Sure, I can hang out ?til I have to meet ya. (To Chandler) What uh?How come you?re not going?
Joey : I thought you already have a job.
Joey : Wow! How do you know how to do that?!
Joey : What is it?
Joey : You cooked him?
Joey : Either eat it, or be in it.
Joey : Thata girl! Huh? We should get out of here; there?s a new class comin? in. (They start to leave.) The Cooking
Joey : Hi. The Cooking
Joey : When you say used, do you mean eat as a pre-cooking snack? The Cooking
Joey : Cheese makes me thirsty. The Cooking
Joey : All right. The Cooking
Joey : I can an A? In-in school? (To Joey) Hey, I?m a dork.
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa! I don?t want to go. I?m having fun. The Cooking
Joey : Hey-hey-hey, if my friend says it?s time to go, it?s time to go. (Starts to leave, but comes back for his cookies.)
Joey : Well I had a great time! Learned how to bake, ate great food, that?s the first A I?ve gotten since seventh grade, and I didn?t have to sleep with the teacher this time.
Joey : What the hell!
Joey : Oh, it?s a poster for that World War I movie that I?m in, check it out.
Joey : Uh-huh! I know. I?m coming soon to a theater near you! I?m in THX! I?m unsuitable for children!
Joey : Yeah, yeah, it?s already generating Oscar buzz.
Joey : I thought I did! Oh hey guess what? The premiere is next week and you?re all invited! (They all gasp.)
Joey : Sure! Why not?!
Joey : Hello?
Joey : One guest? You told me I can have six tickets!
Joey : Oh my God. So that?s it?! I only get to bring one guest?
Joey : (to Monica, Chandler, and Phoebe) Did you hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere. So some how I have to pick between you three and Ross.
Joey : You said you didn?t want to go.
Joey : Definitely not invisible.
Joey : Well uh?I think I want to take Chandler.
Joey : Yeah! Yeah! I mean I?m sorry, I wish I can take everybody, but y?know Chandler always supported my career. He?s paid for acting classes and head shots and stuff and well this will be my way of paying you back.
Joey : It?s not just the stuff he paid for, I mean it?s-it?s everything. Y?know? He read lines with me. He-he went with me on auditions when I was really nervous, and then he consoled me after I didn?t get parts that I really wanted. You always believed in me man. Even, even when I didn?t believe in myself.
Joey : Thanks. That means a lot to me. (They look at each other and smile for a while.)
Joey : (in a manly voice) I?m gonna go shave. (Gets up.)
Joey : A little tall.
Joey : Do you mind crouching down a little bit, so that I look taller? (Chandler does so) There you go. (And they walk down the red carpet.)
Joey : (onscreen) "I thought I knew who the enemy was, but it was you all along."
Joey : (To Chandler) Okay, this is it. It?s my big fight scene coming up. (He looks over and Chandler and notices that he?s asleep.)
Joey : You liked it? You really liked it?
Joey : Which part exactly?
Joey : Oh no-no-no, give me some specifics.
Joey : Hey, what about the scene with the kangaroo? Did-did you like that part?
Joey : You fell asleep!! There was no kangaroo! They didn?t take any of my suggestions! That?s for coming buddy. I?ll see you later. (Starts to walk out.)
Joey : Hey! Sleeping beauty!
Joey : (in a baby voice) Oh no, were you upset? Did you lose sleep?
Joey : Uh-huh look, the only reason I can over here was to settle things between us! Okay? You?ve done a lot for me and my career, I wanted to pay you back so I took you to the premiere but you missed it! Okay, so how much do I owe you?
Joey : Give me a number, I don?t want to owe you anything!
Joey : Ah-ah-ah! We?re doing this! Okay, now you got me my first set of head shots. Right, how much were those?
Joey : Okay, five hundred dollars. What else?
Joey : Okay, so that?s another five hundred. Five hundred and five hundred, that?s? (Pauses to figure it out.)
Joey : Please!
Joey : All right, what else?
Joey : Which we?re still keeping under our hats!
Joey : What the hell are you talking about, (in a Jamaican accent) "The south will rise again man."
Joey : Yeah. Okay, what else? Rent!
Joey : Okay. Okay, so I?m writing you a check for?So you fell asleep during my movie. Big deal right? How do you clear this thing?
Joey : Hey! You made it!
Joey : You?re ready to have a baby? My boy?s all grown up!
Joey : (voice all high and weird) What?! Are you crazy?!
Joey : God. He?s crazy! Why doesn?t he want to be with Rachel?
Joey : I mean seriously, she?s like the perfect woman. I mean I know she turned me down, but if she hadn?t and wanted to be with me, I would take her in my arms and? (Realizes everyone is staring.) I haven?t bummed you guys out like this in a while have I?
Joey : Come on you stupid machine! Come on!
Joey : (looking at her) No.
Joey : All right.
Joey : Hey I got one! I got one! [Cut to the elevator lobby, Phoebe walks up and sees a man in a wheelchair with his broken leg extended.]
Joey : (standing behind her) Uh, you gotta press the button. (Does so.)
Joey : (walks up) Uh, she?s with me. (Introduces himself) Dr. Drake Remoray.
Joey : Remoray. It?s Portuguese. We need that information; I?m a doctor.
Joey : Damnit woman we?re losing precious time! Now do you want this man?s blood on your head?
Joey : Hands! It is absolutely essential that you tell me what room the man my assistant described is staying in. He?s a patient of mine, I?ve been treating him for years!
Joey : 816, thank you!
Joey : And what is his name?
Joey : Great! Go get him.
Joey : (looks in the window) He?s not really my type.
Joey : But you said he was this great guy!
Joey : You do attract some stinkers.
Joey : Hi! I?m Dr. Drake Remoray and I have a few routine questions I need to ask you.
Joey : I know, but I?m a neurologist. And just to be on the safe side, Dr. Wells wanted a more comprehensive overview of you status so he sent me.
Joey : That was a test. Good response. All right, full name.
Joey : Date of birth?
Joey : Age?
Joey : I?m a doctor Cliff, not a mathematician.
Joey : Okay. And uh, are you married.
Joey : Oh really? So, 33 and still single, would you say you have commitment issues?
Joey : (checking the list) Yes.
Joey : Oh that?s terrible. I?m-I?m really sorry.
Joey : Hmm. Do you sleep with women and never call them again?
Joey : Excellent! Excellent! And uh, finally, are you into any weird stuff y?know, sexually?
Joey : Oooh, wrong answer. (Exits.)
Joey : Uh, well he?s 33.
Joey : A widower.
Joey : He seemed like a stand up guy. Oh, and he?s not into anything weird sexually.
Joey : (entering) Rachel?s having her baby!! (Phoebe turns and looks at him.) Which is of no interest to me, I?m a neurologist.
Joey : Fake? Excuse me? Hello? (Taps the TV screen.)
Joey : Uh, if I may? Umm-umm look, Cliff, you told me a lot of personal stuff about you, right? And maybe-maybe it would if-if would help if-if you knew some personal stuff about her. Uh, she was married to a gay ice dancer. Uh, she gave birth to her brother?s triplets. Oh! Oh! Her-her twin sister used to do porn!
Joey : Right!
Joey : Me neither.
Joey : There she is!
Joey : (taking the baby) She looks so real! (The gang looks at him.) Y?know what I mean! She?s this whole tiny little person. She already has eyelashes and knees and?uh-oh.
Joey : Oh no-no, no for I second there I counted six fingers, but one was from the other hand so we?re good.
Joey : What?s the matter now?
Joey : What was the other one Ross?
Joey : Hey. I just saw a woman breast feeding both of her twins at the same time; it is like a freak show up here. (Notices she?s wiping her eyes.) What?s the matter?
Joey : What is it? Hey!
Joey : Rach come on, what?
Joey : What are you talking about alone? What about Ross?
Joey : Okay, how long was I watching that woman?
Joey : Yeah, I guess so.
Joey : Hey, listen to me, listen to me?you are never ever gonna be alone. Okay? I promise that?s not gonna happen.
Joey : You don?t have to worry about that okay? (Pause)
Joey : Sure.
Joey : My God.
Joey : Uh? Look Rach?(Ross enters.) Hey Ross is here! Hey look! It?s my good friend Ross. Hey Ross.
Joey : Hey and look he brought flowers. Thanks Ross, but I?m really more of a candy guy. (Laughs.)
Joey : No.
Joey : Oh, I?m sorry. I meant no.
Joey : Oh hey but, before you guys do that (To Rachel) I need to talk to you, and Ross, I need to talk to you.
Joey : (taking Chandler aside) Hey Chandler, can I talk to you for a second?
Joey : Dude I just did something terrible.
Joey : No! No, that was Jack! Rachel thinks I asked her to marry me!
Joey : Because it kinda looked like I did.
Joey : Okay well, I was down on one knee with the ring in my hand?
Joey : It wasn?t my ring! It fell out of Ross?s jacket! And when I knelt down to pick it up Rachel thought I was proposing!
Joey : I guess.
Joey : I know! I know it?s awful.
Joey : (happily) She said yes.
Joey : Oh God, what the hell am I going to tell him?
Joey : Oh, I like that. Yeah?
Joey : (laughs) Now let?s not get carried away. (He walks away as Monica comes over and hugs Chandler from behind.)
Joey : (entering) Oh uh, hey Pheebs. Uh y?know what? I?ll-I?ll come back later. (He goes to leave but runs into Ross who?s entering.)
Joey : It can?t be me, I?m standing right here. Mr.
Joey : (To Ross) We?re not peeking? (Follows him.) Mr.
Joey : Hey uh, is it okay to come in?
Joey : Yeah uh look Rach, there?s something I gotta tell ya. (There?s a knock on the door and a nurse enters carrying Emma.)
Joey : (watching) Yowsa! (Looks away.)
Joey : Dear Lord.
Joey : Oh uh-uh yeah, I think that?
Joey : Y?know, I don?t really know her.
Joey : (To God) Are you kidding me?!
Joey : I don?t know! Maybe she?s crazy! (Storms out.)
Joey : No! She had the ring on, she seemed so excited, and then she took her breast out.
Joey : I didn?t look at it. Stupid baby?s head was blocking most of it.
Joey : Look, it?s not that easy. She said she wanted to marry me. I don?t want to hurt her.
Joey : You?re right. You?re right. I-I?ll go tell her now before Ross finds out and I?ll be gentle. I can do that. I am a gentle person. Oh, by the way. Two people screwing in there (Points to the closet Chandler and Monica were in) if you want to check that out.
Joey : I can come back.
Joey : No.
Joey : Actually, technically, I didn?t.
Joey : No! No, and I did not ask her to marry me!
Joey : No, I didn?t!
Joey : No, I didn?t!
Joey : Ahhh!
Joey : Yeah. Yeah, that looks bad. But I didn?t?I didn?t propose!
Joey : Okay, the ring fell on the floor and I went down to pick it up and you thought I was proposing.
Joey : No, I didn?t!
Joey : No, I didn?t!
Joey : Well I tried, but people kept coming in and then you took your breast out!
Joey : (To Ross) I?ll tell you about it later. Be cool.
Joey : It wasn?t my ring! It?s Ross?s ring! That?s why I felt so bad Rach, because he was going to propose.
Joey : Well, this is awkward. {See? I told you so.}
Joey : Dude, step up! I proposed.
Joey : Oh that?s right. There?s a lot going on here and I think I ate some bad fruit earlier. (There?s a knock on the door and the Nurse enters carrying Emma.)
Joey : I can?t believe you?re not going to propose!
Joey : Oh yeah, dude, I totally understand. Usually after I have a baby with a woman I like to slow things down!
Joey : (looking at the ceiling) Ah, it?s beautiful.
Joey : Y?know what you guys? I?m uh, I?m gonna go too. And uh, I?m sorry about everything.
Joey : No, Rach, I should?ve told you sooner. It?s just that?Man! That kid is going to town! (Joey makes his awkward exit.)
Joey : (Enters) Hey you guys I?m gonna take off. I just wanted to let you guys know, say goodbye.
Joey : (He looks around the room) This isn?t the right room, sorry folks. (leaves) Opening Credits
Joey : Why?re you so tired?
Joey : You know what you should?ve done, you should have told yourself that little story.
Joey : Hey so where?s Ross?
Joey : Is he still mad at us?
Joey : That?s not fair! I can?t do that.
Joey : See this is what I was afraid of, I didn?t think I should be here either but somebody (Looks at Chandler) said he?d be over it by now.
Joey : (entering) Hey. (Ross turns to see who it is, and seeing it?s Joey he just ignores him and turns back around.) Ross, I know you?re pissed at me, but we have to talk about this.
Joey : Fine, fine okay. But I gotta say technically, I didn?t even do anything wrong.
Joey : I said I didn?t technically.
Joey : Look, can I just stop you right there for a second? When people do this (Makes quote marks with his fingers.) I don?t really know what that means. (Ross just looks at him) You were saying?
Joey : I know I should?ve. (Makes quote marks again.) "I?m sorry."
Joey : No, come on Ross! (He grabs his bag so he can?t leave) Look, Ross, we have to get past this.
Joey : No, look, I don?t know what else to do. I said I?m sorry!
Joey : You should scream at me, or-or-or curse me, or hit me.
Joey : Why not? You?ll feel better! I?ll feel better, and you know you want to. I can see it in your eyes.
Joey : A little bit.
Joey : Little bit.
Joey : (excited) A little bit more.
Joey : No, hit me
Joey : Hit me.
Joey : Hit me!
Joey : (interrupting) Hit me, hit me.
Joey : (shouts) Hit me! Hit me! (Ross throws a punch, but Joey ducks and Ross punches the pole. Ross then screams from the pain and turns to Gunther, and Gunther has a huge smile on his face.)
Joey : I?m sorry! It was a reflex!
Joey : I couldn?t help it! When a fist comes at your face, you duck! Look! (He goes to punch Ross, expecting him to duck, but he doesn?t and Joey punches Ross. Gunther is amused.)
Joey : You were supposed to duck!!! Why didn?t you duck?
Joey : Good, good yeah, (Grabs the bags) maybe while we?re there, they can check your reflexes. (Joey opens the door and it hits Ross in the face with it.) (Makes quote marks.) "Oops." Commercial Break
Joey : Hey, so how is it?
Joey : Your thumb? That?s weird. (Makes a fist.) You sure you?re punching right? Make a fist. (Ross just looks at him with his thumb in a cast.) Maybe later. Ross I feel terrible.
Joey : You, you want me to help you with that?
Joey : Name? (Ross looks at him.) I know Ross but what?s it short for? You know like, like Rossel or Rosstepher.
Joey : It?s pretty, Okay date of birth?
Joey : Sure, May...tember.
Joey : Occupation? Dinosaurs.
Joey : Alright, who do you want as your emergency contact?
Joey : Okay, relationship, boy this could take a while.
Joey : Come on, you guys are more then that! I mean, you?re gonna get together right?
Joey : But you two were supposed to be together.
Joey : Come on, Ross, that didn?t mean anything! She just had the baby, she was all freaked out about doing it alone, she would have said yes to anybody.
Joey : So?
Joey : Wow.
Joey : Really?
Joey : And you?re Okay with that?
Joey : Hey, for what it?s worth, with Rachel I don?t think you?ll ever be just (Makes quote marks.) "anybody."
Joey : (makes quote marks) "Thanks." (Ross looks away, not bothering)
Joey : You know, ah, I?ve been thinking about this and I gotta tell ya, it?s not my fault. It?s a natural instinct.
Joey : How long do you have to go for?
Joey : A year?!
Joey : Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot, but we've got tickets to the Jets game next week.
Joey : We were gonna go see the Jets!
Joey : I can't believe you guys are moving.
Joey : Here you are (Hands Rachel a cup of coffee)
Joey : (Laughs)
Joey : Uhuh.
Joey : (Laughs)
Joey : I know, yeah. I feel like we're all growing up. Person named Wiener, God that kills me. (Laughs)
Joey : Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for a more serious relationship. You know? Like I'd like to meet a nice mature commitment-minded lady. And looks aren't as important as...Nah, she's gotta be hot.
Joey : I can do that, yeah. How is Friday?
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : (Laughs) Poophack... (Laughs)
Joey : (Laughs)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : (Realizes that he has forgotten all about the double date) Oh my God!
Joey : Yeah, so you found someone for me. You didn't forget?
Joey : No.
Joey : Mike.
Joey : Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?
Joey : Why did I have to say Mike? I don't know a Mike! Why couldn't I have said... (Looks through his address book) There's no guy in there!
Joey : MIKE!!!
Joey : (Checks him out) Okay! (Walks over to his table and sits down with him)
Joey : Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead, okay? All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.
Joey : Atta boy! (Phoebe and Mary Ellen enter.)
Joey : Okay, look...
Joey : (Laughs) From school.
Joey : Mike, 'attorney at law'!
Joey : What? That's the kinda thing you usually run by me.
Joey : Which is why I waited until now to introduce you to Mike. Mary
Joey : No, no, that's not what I meant. Let's get you a cocktail.
Joey : Yeah, that's because we had a bit of a falling out. Mike hit my mom with a car.
Joey : That's okay Mike, I have forgiven you. And now we're friends again everything's great! Mary Ellen Wait, is your mom okay?
Joey : Please, we're trying to have a conversation. (Pushes the wine glass closer to Mary Ellen.) Mary
Joey : What?!
Joey : (Laughs) Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we pretend we don't know each other. We played all kinds of games. (To Mike) Hey, remember the one where I punch you in the face for not being cool?!
Joey : What are you doing? I said seven! (Holds up six fingers.) (Realizes his mistake) Argh!!!
Joey : Because I forgot about our date, I'm so sorry.
Joey : Look Phoebe I'm so sorry! Hey, look, if you don't like this guy I can find you a better one. (Looks around) Mike!! Mike!!
Joey : (To Mary Ellen) You're leaving too? Mary
Joey : Good night!
Joey : (Walks In)
Joey : Look at this. My two best friends! (Phoebe and Mike look at him, and he goes over to the counter.)
Joey : I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.
Joey : Dude, you see right thru me!! (They hug) (Joey heads for the door and pushes Chandler's suitcase on the way out.)
Joey : (On the phone with Chandler) Double promise? Call me when you land.
Joey : Okay, bye. (He hangs up the phone.)
Joey : Hey, this girl won't turn around and I can't tell whether she's hot or not, what do you think?
Joey : Alright thanks, Oh hey have you talked to Chandler?
Joey : how come?
Joey : oh why don't you fly out there and surprise him.
Joey : oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through teddy with the attached garters. (Nods)
Joey : didn't till just now. (Monica goes to the back and Joey looks at the girl)
Joey : hot not hot (she turns around) Hot!
Joey : I said I think you're hot and now I'm embarrassed.
Joey : that would've been better, I'll try that Hi I'm Joey.
Joey : look I don't usually ask out women that I meet in coffeehouses
Joey : (turns round) gesundheit
Joey : really, great, did I actually ask you?
Joey : (turns round again) seriously Gunther you should see someone about that cold, if it gets much worse you could DIE! (Gunther looks scared)
Joey : yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that last piece of cake at the restaurant.
Joey : do you have any cake? (Hayley laughs and goes into the kitchen thinking it's a joke, Joey doesn't see what's so funny about it) >>> Joey's Subconscious So this is going pretty good. dinner was nice, got a lot in common. (Sees a magazine) Victoria's secret huh we even like the same books. (Walks over to a painting on the wall) Oh now there's a scary painting. wait a minute I think I've been scared by that painting before. (Looks around) You know what this whole place look familiar I have definitely been in this apartment I know I've seen this weird plant before (it's a cactus and he touch's it) OUCH! It did that the last time. Oh my god, I've gone out with this girl before yeah we had sex on this couch and then on that chair and no. no we didn't do it hear which is weird because it seems like a perfectly good place.
Joey : (bends down to see and the cactus pricks him in the ass) OUCH! That's why.
Joey : (enters) Hey
Joey : listen to this... I went out with this girl last night and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her. (Monica makes a strange face and sits down)
Joey : well that's not even the weird part. I don't think she remembered sleeping with me.
Joey : yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am very memorable, you guys know.
Joey : and who's fault is that.
Joey : HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN MOST!
Joey : Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again and try to get past it (reaches for the chips) OH SALT BLOATY!
Joey : What?
Joey : No. (Pause) wait a minute what was the little mermaid? (Monica just looks at him, and Rachel wants to laugh)
Joey : Uh huh, sure, yeah. How can you not remember me?
Joey : How could you not remember that we slept together?
Joey : I dunno!
Joey : come on, come on, search your brain all right. it was (thinks) a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had sex (starts pointing out the places) here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
Joey : my god woman! How many people do you have to had been with not to remember any of this? Hayley's
Joey : Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember me Hey! I still got it. (Turns back to Hayley) so were good. (She just glares at him) I'll let myself out.
Joey : (looks at a girl walk in) see ordinarily I would talk to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with her?
Joey : Thursday? But that's Halloween.
Joey : [It's just] So spooky, that's all.
Joey : I know, u-uch.
Joey : What about me, he? Only had one lunch today.
Joey : No, they're comin', we're waitin' right here.
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Maybe we should just eat now.
Joey : Wha-a how about
Joey : But it happens? (waiter leaves) I'm gotta go to the bathroom.
Joey : If you ask me to stay, I'll pee. (leaves) Maitre
Joey : (returns to their old table where elderly people are sitting now, sits) Finally you guys made it. (looks up, turns left to Phoebe's chair) Pheebs, who the hell--uhuhh!
Joey : Thank you. (stands up and kisses her lips.) Waiter! 'lright, this is gonna be fast, so try to keep
Joey : Oh, uh, again. Can I make a special
Joey : That's a great story--can I eat it?
Joey : (mumbling) Never hit a woman. Never hit a woman.
Joey : Ross bruises like a peach. He bruises like a peach.
Joey : And remember whatever comes up first. Okay? And hurry, because ..
Joey : Son of a bitch!
Joey : Why are you going? He said, she wanted the shrew! (runs after the waiter)
Joey : (returned) No, no, it's okay, I already told the waiter what they want.
Joey : Chandler, control your woman!
Joey : (to Chandler and Monica) Well, what is going on with you two?
Joey : So? Did have sex, right?
Joey : See ya. Well, this is just us. Monica &
Joey : Do, do you gonna do it now?
Joey : No-ohoh. (the Bings leave, the waiter comes)
Joey : Nah, just me. All alone. (all the food is served) Dinner for six for one, uh, you boys are about to see something really special. *Closing Credits*
Joey : Excellent. The shrew in particular was exclusive.
Joey : Joey! Joey.
Joey : Ooh... I can't believe I'm kissing you. I'm kissing Rachel!
Joey : Well, I only said that because of Ross, you know. Then I saw him kissing Charlie...
Joey : Oh my God, it's Ross. What are we gonna do?
Joey : No idea what it means.
Joey : I don't believe this... Have you guys been...
Joey : Is he gone?
Joey : Pssst...
Joey : Well, he's with Charlie now.
Joey : (long pause and he twitches a bit) You're a pain in my ass, Geller!
Joey : Probably, yeah... I mean, maybe we should... hold off until we talk to Ross.
Joey : Yeah, I think that'd be best... So, so I'm gonna... I'm gonna take off...
Joey : (turns around very fast) I like although!
Joey : Six years? Wow... It's almost as long as highschool...
Joey : Absolutely! He's not thinking about you.
Joey : I'm thinking about you...
Joey : Let's forget about Ross...
Joey : What's wrong?
Joey : Well, maybe I can help. (he grabs her head passionately, closes his eyes and kisses... Ross in Rachel's dress! He realises it too late, and when he does, pushes Ross's/Rachel's head away)
Joey : Yeah... we really need to talk to Ross...
Joey : Whoo, whoo. Wow, it's uhm... kinda weird that I'm sitting next to Charlie after we broke up.
Joey : Look, does someone mind switching to sit with Charlie?
Joey : I understand...
Joey : I guess so. I'm just... really nervous.
Joey : Ooh...
Joey : I'm gonna get the lasagna.
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : You kissed.
Joey : I saw you.
Joey : Ross, Ross, Ross... It's okay.
Joey : It's okay. You know, I totally understand, alright? You guys, make way more sense than her and I ever did, you know. And... I want you to be happy.
Joey : Yeah... Now I have something...
Joey : Oh... uh... look... before you...
Joey : I am those things, yeah.
Joey : Dude!
Joey : I can't think of anything. (They both hug, and Rachel, who was in the back of the plane, sees this and smiles.)
Joey : Yeah. (Ross walks to the back of the plane, where Rachel is.)
Joey : I couldn't. He was saying all these really nice things about me. I didn't want him to get mad and take 'em all back. I'm on a edge on Chandler.
Joey : Thank you. Yeah, I appreciate that. (Chandler walks by and Joey lets out an evil "muhahaho".) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Joey : Hey!
Joey : So, did you err... did you tell Ross?
Joey : No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... I think it's better if you tell him, you know. It's easier for a woman. That way, you know, if he gets mad, all you have to do is go... I didn't mean it. I'm so so--ooory. (he pushes his breasts together from the side)
Joey : Alright, alright, okay, uhm... How 'bout this, how about this? Tomorrow... tomorrow we'll both go and we'll tell him together.
Joey : I know, I know..., but that's okay. I mean, we can control ourselves, we're not animals.
Joey : Yeah! Good night! (they give each other a small kiss on the mouth, and stare at each other for a while)
Joey : Good night! (they give each other a kiss again, but this time it lasts longer)
Joey : Stop saying good night.
Joey : Okay, Ross, I realise that you didn't expect to walk in and see that, but.. Let me explain, okay?
Joey : Rach, he just saw us.
Joey : But what you saw, that is the extent of it, okay? One kiss.
Joey : Look, we probably should have talked to you about this before it ever happened, but..
Joey : Yeah, but it did happen, so... (Ross looks shocked and says nothing.)
Joey : Ross?
Joey : No, no, no!
Joey : Probably. (Rachel looks at him.)
Joey : No, no!
Joey : Really?
Joey : Ross..
Joey : Look, don't you think that will be a little weird?
Joey : I do like fajitas.
Joey : Ah, can I just say I know we're doing this for Ross, and that's cool, but if it was up to me, this is not what we'd be doing on our first date.
Joey : I'd take you out for a romantic night. Some champagne, fancy dinner, feel you up on the carriage ride home...
Joey : In a carriage! (Charlie walks up to them.)
Joey : Hey, Charlie!
Joey : So, did you bring a little something for Ross?
Joey : Oh. Oh, thanks.
Joey : Yeah, I didn't throw any of that out.. (They enter Ross's apartment. Ross is already quite hyper.)
Joey : Uh, actually, that's..
Joey : Okay, listen, hey, Ross. Why don't you try to relax, okay? Maybe have a drink.
Joey : Dude, are you okay? And when are the fajitas gonna be ready?
Joey : Dude, are you okay?
Joey : You know what? I think I'm gonna stay here and make sure he's okay.
Joey : Yeah. I'll see you in the morning.
Joey : It doesn't look good, does it? (They kiss each other on the cheek, and Rachel leaves.)
Joey : Morning. Here you go.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : No, no, no. You actually did that when you were dancing to the Chicago-soundtrack. Look, Ross, about, about Rachel and I. Listen, you don't have to worry about that, okay? Because nothing is gonna happen.
Joey : Well, she and I said from the beginning that we weren't gonna do anything unless you were okay with it. And clearly..
Joey : It's okay, Ross, alright? I totally understand. Of course you're not fine. You're.. You're Ross and Rachel.
Joey : That's what I hear, yeah.
Joey : Come on, I mean, you know me, you know...
Joey : I'm crazy about her.
Joey : I think so.
Joey : Yeah, but, Ross, I mean, you're not okay with it.
Joey : No, no, no, no, that was - that was just for me. Are you sure about this?
Joey : And we're okay? (Ross smiles and holds up his hand for a high-five, but he has forgotten about his burnt hands. He gasps in pain as Joey grabs his hand.) ENDING CREDITS
Joey : Yeah. It's actually our first official date
Joey : Naa, no. This is the part I'm actually good at.
Joey : (pause) It's OK!
Joey : Well, I... I know exactly what I'm gonna do!
Joey : No, no no no no. See. Each woman is different.You have to appreciate their uniqueness.
Joey : No, I do six things! First, I look deep in her eyes. Then, I kiss her. Next I take my hand and I softly graze her thigh.
Joey : NO! Not like that, no no. No, like this. (He starts lightly grazing Chandler's thigh)
Joey : More foosball?
Joey : I thought you paid. (Rachel does not answer and seems puzzled) Ha, guess we won't be going back there!
Joey : Yeah. (Joey and Rachel start kissing)
Joey : Hey what do you say, we move this onto the likes of the couch?
Joey : What's the matter?
Joey : I don't get it, Chandler loved it!
Joey : Ok. (They start kissing again and when Joey grazes, she slaps him three times, on the hand, and on both cheeks)
Joey : (a little giddy) Uh, was that good for you?
Joey : Rach, you sure you wanna do this?
Joey : Ok. Well, how, how can we make it easier?
Joey : Ok, yeah, got it. Rachel and
Joey : Okay. (They start kissing and Joey starts to undo her bra, but fails completely)
Joey : This thing welded shut?!
Joey : All right, turn around, I got to get a look at this thing.
Joey : Sorry!
Joey : I'm sorry! (He stands up) This never happened to me before! I'm an expert at taking off bras! I can do it with one hand! I can do it with my eyes closed! One time I just looked at one, and it popped open! I blame your bra!
Joey : Then I blame you! Yeah! That's right! You threw me off with all your slapping!
Joey : (contemplates for a few moments what Rachel just said) NAH! I don't have another level!!
Joey : Hey Chandler can I talk to you for a second (points to the hall).
Joey : (To Rachel) Hey!
Joey : Yes ma'am, ready to Power through!
Joey : Uh! (When she's done she throws her bra at him)
Joey : Ok, you're scaring me a little bit.
Joey : Oh! yeah!
Joey : uh uh!
Joey : No, no, no! You kneed me in my misters!
Joey : (He just sits there, legs very close together with a painful look on his face) Soldier down! [Monica and Chandlers apartment.] (Chandler is sitting on the couch reading. Monica walks in.)
Joey : Well, I know what's the matter with me.
Joey : I don't know. (Chandler enters the apartment)
Joey : Yeah, was there a part of you that... felt like it was... really wrong?
Joey : Yeah, yeah... Absolutely. I mean, just because something's difficult doesn't mean that you quit.
Joey : Yeah, so we just keep trying and trying until we... do it.
Joey : That's a... pla-an. (They both stare for a while, and then look at each other)
Joey : (sighs) Wow... I did not see this coming.
Joey : I don't get it. I mean, I was so sure this was what I wanted.
Joey : I guess they weren't as good friends as we are. (Lifts her head from Joey's shoulder)
Joey : So...
Joey : I love ya.
Joey : Yeah, me too. (Rachel gets up, and Joey tries to get up, but halfway up he sits down again.)
Joey : Ooh, yeah, I'm not going anywhere for a while. (Joey takes the ice-bucket with the champagne bottle in it and puts it on his sore spot) ENDING CREDITS
Joey : Hey!
Joey : 18, uh? (starts to prepare himself to say his "How You Doin'" line)
Joey : What, what!? it's for her hot friends!
Joey : And starting to think about settling down!
Joey : I'd love to! Yeah!
Joey : (To Phoebe) We were supposed to bring presents?
Joey : Oh, yeah! How was I supposed to know?
Joey : Yeah, but for a one-year-old. What's the point... the other day she laughed for like an hour at a cup. Just a cup with a picture of Elmo on it dressed as a farmer. And he's standing next to this cow and the cow says "El-moo"! (Joey starts laughing) Yeah... that's a funny cup! (Monica and Chandler enter)
Joey : Hey Mr. and Mrs. Geller! Let me help you with that.
Joey : Oh man, this is great, uh? The three of us together again! You know what would be fun? If we gave this present to Emma from all of us!
Joey : Hey Pheebs, you know what? I was thinking... since you wrote a song, maybe I could do something for Emma using my talents!
Joey : No, no, no! My talents as an actor!
Joey : You know, I could like maybe... I could do a dramatic reading of one of her books!
Joey : Hey, I think Emma might like it!
Joey : Um, my present!
Joey : Actually we prepared performances.
Joey : But equally real!
Joey : (unconfidently) O K.
Joey : Hey, I do it every week with three cameras pointed at me and a whole crew waiting!
Joey : I will be doing a dramatic reading of one of Emma's books.
Joey : Uh, why, it's a... (he picks a book up) one of her favorites, uh, (he reads the title of the book) Riding the Storm Out. Coping with post-partum depression eesh! (he puts the book back and picks up another) Love you forever . Love you forever. By Robert Munsch. Published by Firefly books. Printed (he pauses and changes the tone to a dramatic one) in Mexico. A mother held her new baby and very slowly rocked him back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and while she held him she sang I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be . (the picture fades and Joey is now finishing the book). And while he rocked her, he sang I'll love you forever, I'll like you for always, as long as I'm living, my baby you'll be .
Joey : I'm so confused!
Joey : Got it! (Goes towards the front door and stands with his back to it) Hey hey hey! (to Chandler) Where do you think you're going?
Joey : Alright, well the rest of you get comfortable, ok, because we're gonna be here for a li...(stops and thinks) Wait a minute, there is a window in there!
Joey : Well, that one did not have Emma's face on it.
Joey : No.
Joey : Ok! (Opens the door for them)
Joey : Nighty-night!
Joey : Bye, bye.
Joey : Hey, hey, hey, hey! I'm not gonna mess with Jack, he's a great man, he fought for our country.
Joey : (Shocked) Oh! Well that's it! He's the last one to go. I'm locking you guys in. (turns the bolts of the door, thereby locking it)
Joey : Oh! I forgot you used to live here! (The phone rings, Joey picks up)
Joey : Hello?
Joey : Hey! (smiles)
Joey : (smile fades) What audition?
Joey : What? You never said anything about an audition!
Joey : A monologue? I don't have.. (sees the book he was reading before for his "dramatic reading") I got it. (hangs up) (announces to the room) Aah! so... I'm gonna take off!
Joey : Oh! I got it! Ok, everyone pick a number from one to ten. Alright? Whoever gets the highest number gets to go first.
Joey : Okay, Monica picks ten, I call nine! Anyone else?
Joey : Or.. we could flip a coin, and then multiply the..
Joey : Right.
Joey : Ok, ladies and gentlemen, wind your toys! (they do so)
Joey : Come on robot! (Phoebe's bear takes the lead, followed by Joey's robot, and far behind is Chandler and Monica's dog, which walks a few paces, stops and starts barking, sits, walks again, and so on... )
Joey : Way to go robot!
Joey : Hey, good race you guys.
Joey : Okay, if Ross and Rachel ask, I've been here the whole time. THE WHOLE TIME! (Ross and Rachel enter.)
Joey : (to Ross and Rachel) I've been here the whole time!
Joey : What is wrong with me. It looked more delicious when it was a penis. ENDING CREDITS
Joey : Her first cookie? She has cookies all the time!
Joey : No! No... and, for the record, I've also never given her a frosting from a can!
Joey : U-U-Um, I think there's been an oversight.
Joey : Whoo-weh hey weh-hey whoo hey!!
Joey : I gotta a lot of nice stuff to say about you guys, ok? And I know how much you wanna have a baby, you know, and I would love to help you get one.
Joey : Thank you! Alright, let me see how I'm gonna start... "Dear baby adoption decider people..."
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Uhm... Aren't you a little overdressed?
Joey : That's right, yeah.
Joey : Always nice to meet a fan!
Joey : I know, she may be the hottest girl I've ever hated.
Joey : (using a laptop) Oh, Monica and Chandler's recommendation. I want it to sound smart but.. I don't know any big words or anything, so...
Joey : What did I just say?
Joey : Oh my God, that's great! I'm smart!! No, no, I'm... (he uses the Thesaurus) "brainy, bright, clever", I love this thing! Look out ladies, Joey Tribbiani's got the whole package!!
Joey : Hey, finished my recommendation. (he hands it over to Chandler) Here. And I think you'll be very, very happy. It's the longest I ever spent on a computer without looking at porn.
Joey : (sounding very proud of himself) Some of the words are a little too sophisticated for ya?
Joey : Of course it does! It's smart! I used the the-saurus!
Joey : Yep!
Joey : Oh, 'They are warm, nice, people with big hearts'.
Joey : Yeah, yeah and hey, I really mean it, dude.
Joey : Why not?
Joey : Ah, look who's back! (he sees the bags) Why do you have bags? RACH, WHY DOES SHE HAVE BAGS?
Joey : What?
Joey : You slept out here?
Joey : But uhm, we're getting rid of her, right? Rach, please tell me we're getting rid of her.
Joey : Oh, come on! Last night I was finishing off a pizza and she said (aping Amy badly) "Uoh oh oh, a moment on the lips, forever on the hips!" I don't need that kind of talk in my house!
Joey : 'Cause we will appreciate it more when she's gone?
Joey : Yeah, Monica made us!
Joey : Yeaah.
Joey : (yelling at her) I'M CURVY, AND I LIKE IT!
Joey : Great, I'm finished! In fact, I just dropped it off at the agency. (Chandler and Monica look shocked)
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : No can do amigo. No, I didn't use the computer. Felt more personal to hand-write it. (Chandler and Monica look even more shocked)
Joey : Yeah, and don't worry. I didn't try to sound smart at all! See ya later! (Leaves)
Joey : (picks up the phone) Hello? Yeah, this is Joey Tribbiani... Oh, hi! Well, I'm glad you liked my letter... No my mommy and daddy aren't home right now... (looks puzzled) Okay, bye bye. (hangs up) (to himself) She was nice! (Rachel and Amy enter)
Joey : Whoo-hoo! (and leaves for Rachel's room)
Joey : (Yelling from Rachel's room) She has a lot of crap!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Well, hey! Well... (he takes his mug to toast Phoebe) Here's to Phoebe, who's found the greatest guy in the world! To Phoebe and... (a bit uncertain) I wanna say Mike? (pause) To Phoebe and Mike!
Joey : (Looking inside the fridge, and we only see his back. Then he closes the door, and we see it's Joey.) Hi sweetie!
Joey : No.
Joey : Cool!
Joey : That's great! Hey, can you cast me in it?
Joey : What do you mean? I can do anything, I'm a chameleon! Huh? (he mimes an old man with a beard) I'm old! (then he yawns) I'm tired! (then he mimes someone who's hot...) Hey, I'm hot (...and cold) I'm cold!! Huh?? Come on! What can't I do?
Joey : I can do that! (in a deeper voice) "Hello, I'm your professor. When I'm not busy thinking of important things or... professing. I like to use..." Oh, what's the product?
Joey : (after a long pause he starts miming again) I'm cold!
Joey : Oh! Any word on casting yet?
Joey : What do you mean? Rach, don't I seem like a professor you'd buy some kind of e-crap from?
Joey : Just watch it, and if you don't like it, you don't pass it on to your bosses!
Joey : Thank you. (he sits down)
Joey : Damn it! (he leaves) Chandler (to
Joey : Just pass it to your boss!
Joey : What's up?
Joey : (sounds disappointed) Oh.
Joey : (looks at him suspiciously) But, ehm... you watched the tape?
Joey : (sounds confident) You didn't watch the tape.
Joey : Look, it's one thing not to cast me, but to lie to me?
Joey : Well, you lied again! (Rachel comes out of her room and is observing the conversation)
Joey : Keep going Pinocchio!
Joey : (yelling back) No you didn't! (turns and goes towards his room)
Joey : You still here?
Joey : Ok whoah-hey... Let me just stop you right there, ok? First, you lied, right? Then, you lied about lying, ok? Then you lied about lying about lying, ok? So before you lie about lying about lying about lying about... lying... (loses count and begins to count the number of 'lyings' in the air but gives up.) (yelling) Stop lying!
Joey : (very angry) You wanna know wh...? You wanna know why? (goes back into his room)
Joey : (comes out holding the tape) Here's how I know you didn't watch the tape, ok? (puts it into the vcr) If you had seen what was on this tape, believe me, you would have some comments. Alright, now remember, I got paid a lot of money for this and it only aired in Japan. (presses play and he appears on the TV screen and a TV commercial begins) (The
Joey : (Yelling at Chandler) And that's how I know you didn't watch the tape! (goes back to his room and slams the door). (Silence)
Joey : (enters from his bedroom) What?
Joey : I got it from Monica. She sold it to me for a very reasonable price.
Joey : But it's an original Buffay...
Joey : Hey? what? what? wey! whoo! what? what!?
Joey : GET THAT LEGLESS WITCH OUT OF HERE! (Joey leaves for his bedroom, and Rachel grins. She then takes Gladys and enters Monica's apartment.)
Joey : That's not the point Chandler. The point is that you lied.
Joey : Now, what do you say?
Joey : And?... AND?
Joey : Gladys? (The door opens, and there is Gladys, still in her frame though. Joey panics and moves frantically, screaming. Then there is laughing, and the painting is lowered. It was Rachel holding Gladys.)
Joey : You're mean!
Joey : Hey!
Joey : What's going on?
Joey : Hey, is this person who decides whether or not you... get a baby?
Joey : Hey, maybe I should stop by! She could be a soap opera fan! It's very impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
Joey : (pointing at himself) Celebrity.
Joey : (going out with the VCR in his hand) Well, I guess we'll never know whose it is!
Joey : (form the other side of the door) Hellooo? Anybody in there order a celebrity? (He starts to enter the apartment and Chandler runs to the door and shuts it back in his face) OW!
Joey : Guys? Everything ok? It's me, Joe...
Joey : Guys!?
Joey : What's going on?
Joey : Everything doesn't sound fine!
Joey : Well, you wouldn't let me in, so I thought you were in trouble.
Joey : But you called me 'Bert'!? That's our code word for danger!
Joey : We don't? We really should. From now on, 'Bert' will be our code word for danger. (Monica talks loudly in the baby's room)
Joey : (quivering with anger) I did not care for that!
Joey : Ok, ok! (He leaves)
Joey : I forgot my bat. (He picks up his bat and holds it up, but then Monica and Laura enter the living room again. When Laura sees Joey, she freezes...)
Joey : (to Chandler) Bert! Bert! Bert! Bert!
Joey : Uhm... ok... uhm... Well, yeah... You have got some nerve, coming back here. I can't believe you never called me.
Joey : Oh... yeah... Probably you don't even remember my name. It's Joey, by the way. And don't bother telling me yours, because I totally remember it... lady. Yeah! I waited weeks for you to call me.
Joey : No, no! Don't try to turn this around on me, ok? I'm not some kind of... social work, ok, that you can just... do.
Joey : Really? Think about it. Come on! You're a beautiful woman, smart, funny, we had a really good time, huh? If I had your number, why wouldn't I call you?
Joey : No, no, hey, no! Too late for apologies... ok? You broke my heart. You know how many women I had to sleep with to get over you? (and he leaves the apartment, leaving her shocked)
Joey : (acting sad) NO! I waited a long time, I can't wait anymore... (and closes the door behind him)
Joey : LAURA! (and points to her, very confident)
Joey : Don't you put words in people's mouths, you put turkey in people's mouths!
Joey : Three tickets to today's Rangers game!!
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Yeah, they're great seats too!
Joey : Center ice.
Joey : So we'll leave before it's over, we'll be back in time.
Joey : Dude, two times that happened!
Joey : Right, I guess. Alright, so see you at four.
Joey : That's some gentle comedy, dude. (he and Ross leave)
Joey : Yeah!
Joey : Oh, Bob, get off the guy!
Joey : I know, yeah.
Joey : Yeah. I am sorry he's not here too, but I got to say, (takes some nachos from a plate on the seat where Chandler should have been) I am really enjoying Nacho Chair.
Joey : Ohhhh! These seats are great!
Joey : (looks at the time) Wow, hey, we'd better get going. If we don't leave right now, we'll be late for dinner.
Joey : I don't know...
Joey : Okay.
Joey : How late are we?
Joey : Wow (He opens his apartment door and throws their stuff in.)
Joey : Okay. Rachel and Phoebe are already there, okay? So they probably started without us. We could just slip in and no-one needs to know where we were! (he raises his hands and on his right one there's a Rangers foam finger)
Joey : Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You just want to put it on your hand! (Rachel, Phoebe and Emma arrive)
Joey : You are not at Thanksgiving?
Joey : We figured we could be late because you guys were gonna be on time (he points the foam finger at the girls)
Joey : Yeah, where were you!
Joey : Wait a second, wait a second, where have I seen that cowgirl outfit before...
Joey : (realizing) Oh! That's Alicia Mae Emory's outfit!
Joey : All right. Hey Rach, while you're in there, throw something on Alicia Mae.
Joey : No. Here (he tears off the pocket from Ross' shirt, and tears off everything below that as well.)
Joey : (whispering) Who do you think its from? [time lapse ? they are still in the hall]
Joey : I hate that thing, it's like a... bolt of lightning.
Joey : (smiling from ear to ear) Ah-haah! I win!!
Joey : That's fire. Beats everything.
Joey : Ooh! Well played, Phoebe Buffay, well played.
Joey : I had a dream once about a fax machine that did that. (Ross picks it up) [cut to Monica and Chandler]
Joey : (holds his fist up) WATER BALLOON! (he stuffs the slice in is mouth and gives the foil back to Ross)
Joey : (to Ross) Just get in there and make a face to face apology, you know? Look them in the eye. I know I can get them to forgive us.
Joey : I'm telling ya... (his eyes open wide and he looks like his eyes are about to pop out. He stares at Ross like this without blinking) I can do it.
Joey : Oh! It all looks so
Joey : (still with his door wedged in the door gap, now opens his eyes wide and stares at Monica and Chandler as he did with Ross earlier in the hall) Hey listen guys, we feel really terrible.
Joey : Come on you guys, we want you to know we're (His eye widen even more) very very sorry. (Monica and Chandler are now covering their eyes with their hands) (then to the others in the hall) Right guys? (Ross head appears above Joey's, Rachel's below Joey's and Phoebe's at the bottom)
Joey : (smiling) Now let's not ruin this day. You worked so hard. Let's move past this and try to have a nice meal all together, huh?
Joey : Hey! I'm getting a little tired of this okay? We said we're sorry. It's Thanksgiving for Pete's sakes! A day of forgiveness!
Joey : (to Ross, mouthing) Don't make me come up there!
Joey : Fine! Let's just go. I don't need your stupid dinner.
Joey : Sorry!
Joey : Yeah! You three have a nice Thanksgiving.
Joey : Yeah! You, Chan, and the vein! (Monica gasps and holds her forehead. Phoebe, Rachel and Ross pull back their heads)
Joey : Ha! (When Joey tries to pull back his head, he notices he is stuck)
Joey : Oh-oh! I'm stuck!
Joey : No seriously... I'm really wedged in here.
Joey : (in agony) aaw-ahhh-aaahhh STOP! STOP! I'm worried about damaging my head.
Joey : Alright, hurry up, you gotta do something.
Joey : I just wanna say that I'm sorry I referred to the vein as a seperate person... (Chandler gives Monica a footlong "eye dropper" with the turkey grease in it)
Joey : Oh, that smells good! (And he starts licking the grease which trickles down his face. Monica also squirts some on the other side of his face, and his tongue follows her movements.)
Joey : Okay.
Joey : It isn't working.
Joey : Well hurry, I can't feel my ears!
Joey : Interesting...
Joey : I left them at the park.
Joey : It's really starting to hurt.
Joey : Ooh! Stop putting things down my pants!
Joey : Yeah! Come on! Joey and
Joey : (looking at himself) Man, I've got food all over me. (He licks his fingers, liking it. He offers Chandler a taste.)
Joey : Oh, I know how you feel... (Monica and Chandler are looking curiously at Joey.)
Joey : Sure. I went through the exact same thing with Alicia Mae Emory... The waiting, the wandering... Then one day... I get that call from Toys "R" Us... She was in stock!
Joey : I can't believe it. When you guys come back, you're gonna have a baby! That is so weird!
Joey : But just think, ok? What if everything goes right? What if this woman does pick you guys?
Joey : I'm gonna say someone I'm gonna have sex with. (the girl leaves and Phoebe goes toward the couch) (to Phoebe) Hey!
Joey : So... who's your friend?
Joey : OW, why, why, why?
Joey : Oh, name one friend of yours that I did that with.
Joey : Mandy, uh? Uh... really hot blonde, big boobs?
Joey : I know why I don't remember her, huh? (he winks at Rachel)
Joey : Ok, I may not have treated your friends well in the past, but I have grown up a lot, really. Honest, Rach?
Joey : (pointing at himself) Growth!
Joey : Ok, thank you. And I promise you I will not forget this one. (he starts writing on his hand) Mandy.
Joey : Saraaah.
Joey : I can see why, nice shirt!
Joey : Stupid Gap on every corner!
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Well...
Joey : Nope.
Joey : Oh, really? You know what your great friend did? We're out to dinner, ok? (he starts talking about the date and we can see what happened through a flashback video) We're getting along, having a really nice time. I was thinking she was really cool. And then, out of nowhere... (Sarah picks up some fries from Joey's plate and Joey looks very angry. Then we're back to Central Perk and Joey does a you-see-what-I-mean look to Phoebe)
Joey : Hey, hey, look! It's not about a few fries... it's about what the fries represent.
Joey : ALL FOOD!
Joey : Hey, hey, hey, hey. Look. I take a girl out, she can order whatever she wants! The more, the better! All right? Just don't order a Garden salad and then eat my food! That's a good way to lose some fingers! (Rachel enters from the main door)
Joey : (mad and pointing a finger to himself) JOEY DOESN'T SHARE FOOD!
Joey : (he thinks a little, considering the option and seems to be quite satisfied) I like that! A sharing buffer! Yeah! I'll order some extra fries! Maybe a plate of onion rings. Yeah. And a shrimp cocktail. And some buffalo wings. Maybe an individual pizza, uh? And some mozzarella sticks. (he looks absorbed in his food thoughts) What were we talking about?
Joey : I think were not wearing the same shirt anymore!!
Joey : (now laughing a little) Dude, I really don't think you should be wearing that.
Joey : (looking a little agitated now) Looks like someone IS the ladies!!
Joey : Oh, that looks great! Good ordering!
Joey : oh, I didn't know you liked French fries. Help yourself! What's mine is yours. (Sarah reaches over and takes a few fries)
Joey : Uuuh.. yes, they are my stuffed clams. (Sarah, is grinning and starts to reach over to Joey's plate to take a few clams)
Joey : How about those fries though, huh? (Holds the plate between Sarah's fingers and his plate, thus blocking her from reaching his)
Joey : (Spotting her movements takes her hand into his own) You are beautiful, you know that?
Joey : Oh (grinning, trying to hold in his impatience with her) okay.. (she takes her hand back) (Then she reaches over again and Joey moves his plate a little to the left, and she misses, then she reaches out again, and he moves his plate to the right , so she misses again. She tries a third time and this time, Joey pushes his plate so far to the left, it drops off the edge of the table)
Joey : (Visibly annoyed) NOW look what you did!!
Joey : I don't like it when people take food off of my plate, okay?
Joey : WELL, I DIDN'T MEAN IT!
Joey : I'm sorry, I'm overreacting. Okay, It's just when it comes to food, I have certain rules, okay, I mean (bends down and with his plate and his hands, scrapes the dropped dinner back onto the plate and puts it back on the table) There are things you do..and you now, things.. (takes something from the plate and blows it a little) that you don't do (He takes a bite from it). (Sarah looks a little disgusted)
Joey : I really am sorry about, you know..before. I just want to make sure you know that I really do like you.
Joey : (Jokingly) Well, stuffed clams. (The waiter arrives with their deserts)
Joey : Uh, excuse me sir, there seems to be some sort of red crap on my cheesecake.
Joey : (More to himself than anyone else) So stupid, ordering cheesecake, trying to be healthy. (pushes it aside)
Joey : Oh, all right, I'll just have what she's having instead.
Joey : Oh yeah, sure. No problem. (Joey's looking at Sarah's dessert, and takes her plate.)
Joey : Sure I do. (holding up his own dessert) Coule?
Joey : (laughing) Really?
Joey : Yeah, of course. I can control myself. (laughs uneasily and Sarah leaves the room) (Joey sits sideways on his chair, looking at Sarah's chocolate torte, and then looking away from it, nervously playing with his fork, drumming with it on the table every now and then.)
Joey : (to the torte) Stop staring at me! (He then straightens himself, and looks at the torte)
Joey : Why, just a tiny little... (He takes a little piece of Sarah's dessert. At first he doesn't think it's that special, but then...)
Joey : Oh-oh! TIME LAPSE (Sarah enters the room again, and stops when she sees her dessert is missing. Joey has emptied her plate, and has a chocolate covered mouth, just like a kid.)
Joey : I'm not even sorry.
Joey : (nods) So, why are you still wearing it?
Joey : Ooh... Not so good.
Joey : Yeah, and you know what? We could do a lot worse. (they shake hands the way friends would. There's a muffin on the table, and Ross breaks off a piece and wants to put it in his mouth.)
Joey : Uhm... oh... I don't know, it's too hard.
Joey : Oh... food. No, sex. Food! Sex! Food! Se-I don't know! Good God, I don't know, I want girls on bread! OPENING CREDITS
Joey : Chandler? Forty-five minutes? Well, something is not right. I just can?t believe he would do this to Monica!
Joey : Hey, is uhm... is Chandler here?
Joey : (walking towards her to hold her and support her) Monica, you understand what we are saying, right?
Joey : (to Chandler) You son of a bitch!
Joey : I knew he couldn't be with a woman for 45 minutes!!
Joey : (clearly shocked) What?
Joey : Shouldn't we all vote on stuff like this?!
Joey : No, no, it's not, don't listen to him! (to Ross) I'm gonna thump you! (points his fist at him)
Joey : Is this because I come over here without knocking and eat your food? (Walks towards the fridge) Because I can stop doing that, (looks at the fridge) I really, really think I can!
Joey : What the hell are you doin'?
Joey : (he has a turkey on his head) It's stuck!!!
Joey : I put it on to scare Chandler!
Joey : It smells really bad in here.
Joey : It's Joey. (from 4.12 - "The one With the Embryos")
Joey : (shocked) Dah!! (Chandler motions for him to calm down.)
Joey : Oooooh!
Joey : Big fat goalie.
Joey : Weekend at Bernie?s.
Joey : Everyday use.
Joey : Guest.
Joey : Uhh, 11!
Joey : Hey, don?t get mad at us! No one forced you to raise the stakes!
Joey : (panicking) Dude! He's right there!
Joey : Rachel's right. This is where you guys belong.
Joey : I'm really sorry you guys.
Joey : You know, I'm really sorry I wasn't more supportive before.
Joey : And about this Nancy thing... If you're not sleeping with her, should I? (Chandler gives Joey her business card, which he eagerly grabs and he leaves.)
Joey : A meatball Sub? Thanks! (he got a meatball sandwich)
Joey : Hey guys!
Joey : Sure.
Joey : Would you guys want to come down tomorrow and watch me tape the show?
Joey : Seriously?
Joey : (to Gene) I know it could be intimidating for regular people to be around celebrities but... relax, I'm just like you! (pause) Only better looking and richer.
Joey : (on the screen there's the word "Supermarket") Uhm... ok. It's a store, like a supermarket. (there is a sound indicating he made a mistake as he shouldn't have said 'supermarket'. The next word appears, "notebook") Oh! I see-I see what I did. Yeah, ok, ok, uhm... I'm writing in my...
Joey : Noo, (whispering) more like a notebook... Damn it! (next word
Joey : Yeah! But that is not what they're looking for. (time's finished) OOOH!
Joey : Ahaha, he might as well just give us the points.
Joey : A spoon. Your hands. Your face!
Joey : Paper, snow, a ghost!
Joey : A rock, a dog, the earth.
Joey : Salami, anchovies, jam!
Joey : Paper, snow, a ghost!
Joey : Chickens?
Joey : Oh! (The third word is ketchup)
Joey : Ketchup!
Joey : Relish!
Joey : Oh.
Joey : Yeah...
Joey : Oh, so we didn't win, but it's fun to play the game, right?
Joey : Oh, wow! I'm so sorry, ok? I promise, we'll do better next time!
Joey : Hey, you know, some of those are pretty hard! Like why would there be a ghost in my fridge? (pause). Yeah!
Joey : (To Henrietta) My friend Rachel has a kid. I totally know nursery rhymes! (makes a thumbs up sign)
Joey : Oh, .. uh... uh... pass. (Next
Joey : Oh, then pass. (Next
Joey : (nervously) Yeah...
Joey : I-I-I don't know. Types of trees? (Joey hears the bell which means his answer is correct and is surprised. The screen now says "5 to win" and "Spanish words")
Joey : (sympathetic) Oh, I'm so sorry. I don't know any Spanish words. (There's the next bell, and the correct answer. The screen changes to "4 to win" and "things that burn". Gene now realizes that he got two correct answers and gets up in his seat.)
Joey : Things that go "tssst" when you put them out.
Joey : Things that burn. (and another bell for the correct answer. "3 to win" and "What a dog might say")
Joey : Dude, dude! I think you're losing it.
Joey : Oh, oh, oh... What a dog says. (the bell sounds again, "2 to win" and "pizza toppings")
Joey : (instantly) Pizza toppings, next! (there's 10 seconds left, "1 to win" and "Supermodels")
Joey : Oh, oh, oh... (5 seconds left)
Joey : Girls Chandler could never get?
Joey : Where? (looking around)
Joey : Uh, hey.
Joey : (afraid) Yeah.
Joey : So he can't come?
Joey : Seriously?
Joey : I am pretty wisdomous.
Joey : Are you kidding? Phoebe, I would be honored. (they hug)
Joey : (takes her hand) Listen, I hope... that you know... (has difficulty saying it) I don't want you to see your father cry, GO TO YOUR ROOM! OPENING CREDITS
Joey : Oh no, no, no, let your dad get this.
Joey : Hey, you're Mike's parents, right? Mike's
Joey : Ah, our little ones are growing up fast, uh? Mike's
Joey : You know, on the one hand you're happy for them, but on the other hand it's hard to let go. Mike's
Joey : Hey, I'm not that fond of you either, ok buddy? But I'm just trying to be nice for the kids! (cut to Ross, Chandler and Rachel)
Joey : So, you know I'm filling in for Phoebe's step dad, tomorrow, right?
Joey : Oh, hey, my pleasure. (he suddenly becomes very serious) So what are your intentions with my Phoebe?
Joey : Oh, a wiseacre. (Mike looks bewildered). No, no, no, I understand you plan to support your wife by playing the piano? Isn't that kind of unstable?
Joey : Strike two!
Joey : Strike three! You only get one more, Mike! (Cut to Chandler and Ross. Phoebe comes out of the ladies room and they run toward her.)
Joey : Oh, man! I wouldn't have had breakfast if I knew there was going to be corsages! (Monica enters the room)
Joey : (to Mike) Hello Michael.
Joey : May I have a word with you, please?
Joey : Have a seat. (Mike sits on his bed, and Joey towers over him. He starts talking in an Italian godfather-type voice) Last night, I tried to welcome you into my family... and instead, you disrespect me... (shakes his head) I cannot allow this.
Joey : More back talk. And yes, I may be borrowing a few lines from my recent unsuccessful audition for "Family Honor
Joey : I want you to take this seriously! Phoebe is very very important to me, ok? And I wanna make sure that you are gonna take care of her.
Joey : (very satisfied and smiling) That's what I wanted to hear! Because she's family, ok, and now you're gonna be family, and there is nothing more important in the whole world, than family.
Joey : (almost crying) That was ME!
Joey : I'm glad we had this little talk.
Joey : (staring at the ice sculpture) How bad do you want to stick your tongue on that? (They all glare at him)
Joey : Hey, what are you guys gonna do?
Joey : The blizzard. I just saw on the news, it's like the worst snow storm in 20 years! They already closed all the bridges and tunnels. (Opens the curtains to reveal a snow storm outside)
Joey : I don't think they are.
Joey : Yeah according to the news, most of the city did.
Joey : Uh, for your information, since they hired a very hot weather girl.
Joey : Oh hey, don't worry. I'm still ordained from your wedding.
Joey : Yeah, you'd think I'd give up being a minister and start paying to ride the subway? Huhuh...
Joey : I had to read the Bible pretty carefully, but... yeah we do.
Joey : Friends, family, dog... Thank you all for being here to witness this blessed event. The cold has now spread to my special place... so I'm gonna do the short version of this. Phoebe and Mike are perfect for each other. And I know I speak for every one here... when I wish them a lifetime of happiness. Who has the rings? (one of the groomsmen gives the rings to Joey)
Joey : (whispering to Phoebe) Okay...
Joey : Yeah?
Joey : Oh, okay. Phoebe, do you take this man to be your husband?
Joey : Mike, do you take this woman to be your wife?
Joey : I now pronounce you... husband and wife. (Phoebe and Mike kiss)
Joey : It was, yeah. I kind of don't want it to end. Hey, you wanna come in for a drink and a bite of corsage?
Joey : Nice. Oh hey, what about Ross?
Joey : Well anyway, I'm glad you're back, I really need your help.
Joey : I have an audition for this play and for some of it I have to speak French. Which, according to my resume, I'm fluent in.
Joey : Well, so, will you help me? I really wanna be in this play.
Joey : Je de coup Clow.
Joey : Ok.
Joey : Je depli mblue.
Joey : Really? It sounds exactly the same to me.
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Got it.
Joey : Je te flouppe Fli.
Joey : Oh, de fuff!
Joey : Hey.
Joey : Hi.
Joey : Welcome to New York City! Or should I say "ghe deu flooff New York City"?
Joey : Oh, you know what you should do? You should walk all the way at the top of Statue of Liberty.
Joey : Je do call blue!
Joey : je.
Joey : mah
Joey : pel.
Joey : je.
Joey : mah
Joey : pel.
Joey : Me pooh pooh!
Joey : What are you doing?
Joey : (he goes out calling her) Don't move! Don't go! I need you! My audition is tomorrow! Shah blue blah! Me lah peeh! Ombrah! (he gives up). Pooh.
Joey : Huh, un, blu, bla, flu, flenk!
Joey : Thank you. (Phoebe enters)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Oh, no, that's okay, I don't need your help. I worked on it myself and I gotta say, I am pretty good!
Joey : Sure, sure. Ok, (clears his throat and starts to read from his script. He starts talking in a fake French accent, making gestures with his hands) "Bleu de la bleu, de la blu bla bleu" (Phoebe looks astonished, annoyed and disgusted, Joey seems very proud though) See?
Joey : (offended) Oh well I think I am, yeah and I think I'm definitely gonna get the part.
Joey : For one thing, the guy on the tape said I was doing a good job!
Joey : Right. (clears his throat) Dja bu bu Claude. Uh, c'est la pu les la lu blah bloo. Casting
Joey : Dude, come on! French it u-up!
Joey : Toutes la smore! Bu blu-ay bloo blah ooh! Pfoof!
Joey : Sa-sa-saw!
Joey : Ah. All right. But my French was good?
Joey : (to Phoebe) Oh-hoh! Ha-hah! See!
Joey : Yeah-hah. Toute-de-le-fruit.
Joey : No.
Joey : No.
Joey : Would fall off a lot.
Joey : That I can do.
Joey : All right, watch me! (he takes a full container of milk from the fridge) Okay, you time me. Ready?
Joey : (enters) Guess what? (they all look expectantly at him) I finally got that seed out of my teeth.
Joey : (enters) Hey guys.
Joey : No, thank you.
Joey : But no, it's not close. You said it was in escrow? I couldn't even find it on the map.
Joey : You know what? You are my friends, I wanna be supportive, I will come with you. SHOTGUN!
Joey : What? No, the only reason I'm going to their stupid new house, is so I can point out everything that's wrong with it, so they don't move. I'm gonna make them stay here.
Joey : Hey, hey... I can convince people to do anything, you know. I bet I can even get Mike to do that "thing". What is it? (Phoebe whispers something in Joey's ear, but after hearing it he jumps up, shocked)
Joey : I AM NOT GONNA HELP YOU DO THAT! Goodbye! (he leaves)
Joey : Me too. Yeah, this place is great. I'm so happy for you guys. Although, you know, I hope you like fungus.
Joey : Fungus! Yeah. Place is full of it.
Joey : Okay. Then I guess I have dry eyes and a scratchy throat for no reason.
Joey : Maybe. So this is the living room huh? Ooh, it's pretty dark. (starts feeling around him like he's in a completely dark room, touching Chandler, who backs out and hits him)
Joey : (squinting his eyes) Are you kiddin'? I think I just saw a bat in the corner!
Joey : (glares at him for a moment, then admits grudgingly) Maybe. Well, I just think you guys can do better than this house, you know? Or any other house for that matter.
Joey : FINE, ok, if you love this house so much, then you should just live here, okay? I just hope you get used to that weird humming sound. (He turns his back to them and starts humming) Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...
Joey : no... hmmmmm... it's not... hmmmmmmmmmm
Joey : (turns the card around, obviously had the wrong answer) Ow! (A young girl enters)
Joey : Oh, hi, I'm Joey. My stupid friends are buying this house. Who are you?
Joey : (understanding) Oh.
Joey : I hate my friends. (They shake on it as if they just made a pact) Alright, look. There's gotta be a way that we can stop this from happening.
Joey : (thinking) Uhm... oh! Okay. You come with me, and you tell them that the house is haunted!
Joey : Woah, uh! Okay, let's hear your great idea.
Joey : (frustrated) Ahh! There's gotta be a way. I mean, you know, if Monica and Chandler move out here and now Phoebe is married to Mike. That just leaves me and Ross and Rach, you know what I mean?
Joey : What am I gonna do, I feel like I'm losing my friends.
Joey : Oh, yeah, sure, easy for you, you're young. Me, I'm set in my ways.
Joey : Yeah, yeah, I guess.
Joey : (having difficulty admitting it) Yeah, maybe.
Joey : (In near tears, realizes she is right) I hate to admit it, but you're probably right. How did you get to be so smart?
Joey : (his mod changes instantly) Just when I thought we could be friends. (he leaves the room)
Joey : (entering) Hey!
Joey : Oh, just er... you know, looking around. But you know what? This house... is great.
Joey : Oh well, the little girl who lives here made me feel a lot better about the whole thing.
Joey : (frightened) What?
Joey : That's not funny! You know I'm afraid of little girl ghosts!
Joey : What? I get my own room?
Joey : Oh my God! (they all hug) Oh! Hey, can I have an aquarium? And a sex swing? Chandler and
Joey : Why not? I'll keep the tank clean.
Joey : I mean, this soap opera is a great gig, but... am I missing opportunities? You know, I've always thought of myself as a serious actor. I mean, should I be trying to do more independent movies?
Joey : Hey, great! All right!
Joey : What? No, no, no! No, no... no... no, no... No, too much is changing, okay? First, Phoebe getting married (to Phoebe) Congratulations! (pointing to Monica and Chandler)... and then these two move into a stupid house in the stupid suburbs...
Joey : Well, it comes and goes. I wouldn't trust it.
Joey : No, no, no. My hugs are reserved for people STAYING IN AMERICA.
Joey : Hey! No! Get your France-going-arms away from me. (He walks out, and Rachel follows him)
Joey : Hey Phoebe.
Joey : I'm just mad at my agent.
Joey : There's a part in a TV movie that I would be perfect for and I didn't even be put up for it! She'd better have a good reason.
Joey : Well (taking his cell phone out of a pocket) I'm wanna hear it, because she keeps doing this.
Joey : Ok. Why?
Joey : I love that saying! (Phoebe is outside, taking her cell phone out of her bag and making a call. Joey is inside, and his mobile phone starts ringing).
Joey : Hello? Phoebe (doing
Joey : I was just gonna call you! That's weird.
Joey : Yeah, actually I am!
Joey : That's it? You know, it seems all you do lately is drop the ball.
Joey : No, no, look. All I'm saying is that you're my agent, ok? And you're not getting me into any auditions and I'm tired of it.
Joey : I'm saying that? (pause). This isn't working for me anymore, ok? Estelle, you're fired. Goodbye. (he hangs up the phone).
Joey : Yeah, I just? I just feel bad about firing Estelle. This is got to be killing her.
Joey : I don't know. She's got to be taking it hard, I was like her only client. Except for this guy who eats paper. And I'm guessing he eats more money than he makes. Look, I know she's not a great agent, but she did stick with me for ten years. I'm gonna call her and hire her again.
Joey : Why?
Joey : (impressed) You blow me away.
Joey : I promise. And that means, never having to give a reason. (Phoebe stops herself from laughing and leaves)
Joey : Oh my God. (Still in shock when his mobile rings, he picks it up) Hello?
Joey : Estelle?
Joey : (still scared) Ok-ay. I just, I can't believe you're calling me?
Joey : No, no, no! (Starts looking around the room, terrified) Don't drop by, don't drop by!
Joey : Can I ask you something? Uhm, what's it like there?
Joey : Thanks for everything Estelle. Bye. (Hangs up and reads the phone display) "out of area". Boy, I'll say.
Joey : All right, all right, all right, let's play one more time, ok? And remember, if I win you do not move to Paris.
Joey : Just flip! Rachel (she flips the
Joey : Damnit! (Chandler and Monica enter the room)
Joey : Hey!
Joey : Try it, I can't feel a thing! (Ross starts punching him too) Monica (enters the
Joey : You guys hear a ringing?
Joey : Hey! Handcuffs! And fur line, nice! I didn't know you guys had it in ya!
Joey : Mhm, maybe she used them with another boyfriend. Maybe Richard!
Joey : (entering the room) Hey.
Joey : Oh, she's putting Emma down, she'll be over in a second.
Joey : Now it just hit her that she's leaving and she's kind of emotional so no one say anything to set her off, ok?
Joey : What did I just say?
Joey : Who loses fifty seven coin tosses in a row? Head she wins, tails I lose. (he stops and starts realizing something) Wait a minute...
Joey : I forgot to pick up my dry cleaning! Phoebe (to
Joey : Huh, if I had to guess I'd say Rachel is putting on the bubble wrap and Phoebe is doing the punching.
Joey : I really made you think about that thing uh?
Joey : (still very emotional) Lucky bastard!
Joey : All right, let's think about this. I mean, there's got to be an explanation. Uh... did you do anything to make her mad?
Joey : I'm sure he's not more bummed out than I am.
Joey : Oh, yeah, yeah, good idea. (he mimes hitting his head with his fist)
Joey : Yeah.
Joey : Who's that dirty old lady?
Joey : Come on here, have a seat.
Joey : Chandler, wait, wait, wait...
Joey : If you get a second, find out where she got that cheeseburger.
Joey : A little more.
Joey : A little more, a little more. (she stuffs some more down his pants and Joey's assesses the how many there already are in there.) A little more... All right. Okay, all right, let's do this.
Joey : Yeah. All right, now give me your best shot.
