Monica : There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!
Monica : Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
Monica : Are you okay, sweetie?
Monica : (EXPLAINING TO THE OTHERS) Carol moved her stuff out today. (TO Ross) Let me get you some coffee.
Monica : No you don't.
Monica : Rachel?!
Monica : (POINTING AT Rachel) De-caff. (TO THE GANG) Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (TO Rachel) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Monica : So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Monica : Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Monica : Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
Monica : Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Monica : Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
Monica : Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.
Monica : Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
Monica : Buzz him in!
Monica : Maybe.
Monica : Yes!
Monica : Rach, wait, I can cancel...
Monica : (TO Ross) Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
Monica : (HORRIFIED) Really?
Monica : Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. (THEY ARE All LINED UP NEXT TO THE DOOR)... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
Monica : (SHOWS PAUL IN) Two seconds.
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Monica : -leg?
Monica : You actually broke her watch? (CUT TO Rachel IN Monica'S APARTMENT, TALKING ON THE PHONE and PACING)
Monica : What?..... What, you wanna spell it out with noodles?
Monica : Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?
Monica : Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?
Monica : (SPITS OUT HER DRINK IN SHOCK) Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
Monica : Being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
Monica : Wow! I'm glad you smashed her watch!
Monica : (PAUSE)...Yeah. Yeah, I do. (CUT TO Rachel WATCHING 'JOANIE LOVES CHACHI')
Monica : I had a really great time last night.
Monica : We'll talk later.
Monica : Shut up, and put my table back.
Monica : Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.
Monica : Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio.
Monica : So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
Monica : I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?
Monica : Well, it's like that. With feelings.
Monica : Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Monica : What for?
Monica : Hey, welcome back! How was Florida?
Monica : How do you do that?
Monica : You know Paul?
Monica : You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?
Monica : Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?
Monica : Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
Monica : I just thought he was nice, y'know?
Monica : How'd you pay for them?
Monica : And who pays for that?
Monica : C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.
Monica : You ready?
Monica : Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it! (CUT TO SAME SET. Monica, Rachel and Ross HAVE JUST FINISHED WATCHING A FILM)
Monica : Well, that's it.
Monica : You be okay?
Monica : That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody. (STOMPS ON PAUL'S WATCH and GOES TO HER ROOM)
Monica : See ya.... Waitwait, what's with you?
Monica : What? I-I said you had a-
Monica : (TO Phoebe) Would you stop?
Monica : What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Monica : Absolutely.
Monica : (taking a drink from Joey) Are you through with that?
Monica : Whose little ball of paper is this?!
Monica : Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
Monica : That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Monica : What?
Monica : Easy Rach, we'll find it. (To all) Won't we! Chandler and
Monica : You didn't.
Monica : I gave you one job! (Starts to examin the lasagne through the bottom of the glass pan.)
Monica : (puts down the lasagne) I just... can't do it.
Monica : Wow. That is not a happy hi.
Monica : W-w-wh-... wha-... w-w-w-...
Monica : What does she mean by 'involved'?
Monica : Curry. Mrs.
Monica : I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me? Mrs.
Monica : No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant. Mrs.
Monica : Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?
Monica : I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me. [Time Lapse, everyone is now eating.] Mrs.
Monica : What's that supposed to mean? Mrs.
Monica : No it's not. Mr.
Monica : (trying desperately to change the subject) So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories? (Digs her elbow into his hand.) No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Monica : Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could- (To Ross) -I'd want yours.
Monica : Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.
Monica : (welling up) Mm-hmm.
Monica : No.
Monica : Am not!
Monica : (pushes him and starts to cry) Oh shut up!
Monica : Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.
Monica : Uh, Ross.
Monica : No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger. (The guys stretch out their fingers.)
Monica : What did they do to you?
Monica : We're with you. We got it. (Chandler leans over the back of the couch out of sight.)
Monica : (puling him up) Hey. Whaddya doing? (Chandler tries to shrug nonchalantly but eventually he has to exhale a mouthful of smoke.)
Monica : Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date.
Monica : 'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.
Monica : Let's see, today's Monday... Never.
Monica : No. Not after what happened with Steve.
Monica : Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.
Monica : Nope. Schhorry.
Monica : I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
Monica : I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
Monica : Do you all promise?
Monica : (shouts to Chandler) Chandler? Do you promise to be good? (Chandler makes a 'Cross my heart' sign. It starts to rain and he taps on the window.)
Monica : Hey. It's him. (On the intercom) Who is it?
Monica : (to all) Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me. (She opens the door and Alan enters.)
Monica : Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.
Monica : (to Alan) Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow. (Alan exits, to all) Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm? (Silence.)
Monica : C'mon!
Monica : Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with?
Monica : Really!
Monica : Hi.. how was the game?
Monica : Fantastic! I have one
Monica : Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..
Monica : ..I dunno, a little too Alan?
Monica : Oh, why is it unfair?
Monica : Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?
Monica : Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.
Monica : Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.
Monica : I know.. it's gonna be really hard.
Monica : No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about.
Monica : (entering) Hey. Where's Joey?
Monica : Thanks. (Goes to fetch him.)
Monica : Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.
Monica : (turns off the TV) Okay..
Monica : Please, guys, we have to talk.
Monica : Alright, we have to talk.
Monica : Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan. (They all gasp and clutch each other.)
Monica : No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.
Monica : Look, I- I could go on pretending-
Monica : -but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!
Monica : I'm sorry..
Monica : I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans.
Monica : Are you guys gonna be okay?
Monica : (dubious) I understand.
Monica : I'm, I'm really sorry.
Monica : Relieved?
Monica : (entering) Hi.
Monica : Oh, y'know..
Monica : He said he's really gonna miss you guys. (dubious look)
Monica : Alright. Phoebe?
Monica : Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent?
Monica : ..Excuse me?
Monica : How does she do that?
Monica : Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.
Monica : What's going on with you?
Monica : Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
Monica : Oh, I was hoping you wouldn't remember.
Monica : Wow, you worked in a mine?
Monica : Yeah, yeah.
Monica : (TO Phoebe) I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.
Monica : Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? (SHE and Phoebe SCREAM) Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch? (POURS THE CONTENTS OF THE BLENDER INTO GLASSES)
Monica : Weeeell, it's rum, and-
Monica : We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister.. (PHONE RINGS, Monica GOES TO ANSWER)
Monica : Uh, Rach, it's the Visa card people.
Monica : (PHONE) Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? ...Yes, hold on. (TO RACH) Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.
Monica : That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.
Monica : (PAUSES, THEN, TO PHONE) Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?
Monica : You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!
Monica : Ah, the other Jack.
Monica : So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
Monica : ...Pheebs?
Monica : No, you were right. I don't have a plan. (A KNOCK AT THE DOOR) Pizza guy
Monica : Phoebe?
Monica : Do you have a plan?
Monica : (LEAPS THE COUCH and RUNS UP) Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos'? Pizza
Monica : Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks? Pizza
Monica : Was he wearing a stunning blue suit?
Monica : (STAGGERED) Oh God. Pizza
Monica : Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza! (Rachel PAYS HIM. Monica GRABS SOME BINOCULARS and RUNS TO THE WINDOW)
Monica : I see pizza!
Monica : White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?
Monica : Please tell me it's his mother.
Monica : Oh, no...
Monica : Light still out?
Monica : Oh. Maybe they're- napping.
Monica : I think he's shy.
Monica : Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal. (HOSPITAL)
Monica : Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?
Monica : Well, unless goose is a vegetable...ha haaaah!
Monica : What?! You slept with Jason?
Monica : Oh, that's nice!
Monica : Excuse me?!
Monica : Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!
Monica : Where?
Monica : Oh, George, baby, drop the towel!
Monica : Right foot red.
Monica : Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo. (A KNOCK AT THE DOOR. Chandler OPENS IT and SOME GUY SILENTLY HandS BACK THE CUSHION)
Monica : Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
Monica : Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Monica : Oh, you're breaking up with Tony?
Monica : Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
Monica : Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.
Monica : Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
Monica : [looking out window] Oh, god help us.
Monica : Ugly Naked Guy's laying kitchen tile. Eww!
Monica : What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.
Monica : Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
Monica : Which?
Monica : You've never met Bob, have you?
Monica : Oh my god, Joey, for all we know this guy could be horribly-- [Angela and Bob walk in. Bob is good-looking.]
Monica : --horribly attractive. I'll be shutting up now.
Monica : [to Joey] He is so cute. [to Angela and Bob] So, where did you guys grow up?
Monica : How, how did that happen?
Monica : What?
Monica : I've gotta tell you, Bob is terrific.
Monica : It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
Monica : Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
Monica : Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please? [Her and Joey walk away from the table.]
Monica : Oh my god.
Monica : Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.
Monica : Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.
Monica : Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it's--not really true, is it?
Monica : Oh my god, what were you thinking?
Monica : [hits him lightly] Oh!
Monica : [leaving] I'm outta here.
Monica : Really?
Monica : I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story. [Angela is eating chicken wings and making the weasel-like noise Joey had told Bob about.]
Monica : Hi.
Monica : We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.
Monica : [notices his head] Oh, I'm sorry.
Monica : Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
Monica : Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.
Monica : You could do that!
Monica : Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Monica : Oh. I'm sorry it didn't work out.
Monica : Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Monica : What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
Monica : Good for you, Joey.
Monica : We're kidding. C'mon, tell us!
Monica : ...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.
Monica : How-how did that happen?
Monica : Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. (MOVES IT) Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
Monica : You guys, I am not that bad!
Monica : That is so unfair!
Monica : Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
Monica : Why not?
Monica : I could do that.
Monica : Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
Monica : STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
Monica : Well, what's the part?
Monica : (TRYING NOT TO LAUGH) Oh my God.
Monica : Alright, alright, alright... (ENTER Joey WITH Monica'S PAPER- HE GIVES IT TO HER)
Monica : For what?
Monica : Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
Monica : He's in the bathroom. I don't think you wanna go in there!
Monica : I warned you... (ENTER Rachel FROM HER ROOM)
Monica : Oh, you got the whole night, huh?
Monica : Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that. (SHE OPENS THE DOOR and HE LEAVES) SCENE
Monica : Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
Monica : Maybe this wasn't your shot.
Monica : I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys.
Monica : (DETERMINED) Uh-huh!
Monica : Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever. (GOES TO HER ROOM)
Monica : Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
Monica : [into phone] Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK. [hangs up]
Monica : Hello?
Monica : [to everyone] It's Chandler! [on phone] Are you OK?
Monica : What?
Monica : I have no idea what you just said.
Monica : OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.
Monica : Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
Monica : You did not go!
Monica : Outside.
Monica : Why not?
Monica : And that would be?
Monica : Joey, what's going on?
Monica : About what?
Monica : Oh my God! I love him!
Monica : My surprise party!
Monica : Oh stop it. Joey already told me.
Monica : No, you are not. We tell you stuff.
Monica : [to Ross] This is just Bactine. It won't hurt. [Ross flinches in pain.]
Monica : [smitten] Hi!
Monica : Hi!
Monica : Hi!
Monica : If you want, I'll do it. [Ross looks at Joey.]
Monica : I did.
Monica : Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.
Monica : Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.
Monica : Hey dad, what's up? Oh God. Ross, it's Nana. [Scene
Monica : How-how are you, Mom? Mrs.
Monica : What? Mrs.
Monica : Nothing. Mrs.
Monica : She is unbelievable, our mother is...
Monica : Oh God! [They hug. Cut to the hospital, later. Everyone is talking about Nana]
Monica : The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.
Monica : I know.
Monica : G'bye, Nana. [She kisses her on the forehead]
Monica : Ross! [Ross runs out too] Mrs.
Monica : We checked. A lot.
Monica : Dad! Mr.
Monica : You what? Mr.
Monica : Define fun. Mr.
Monica : ...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun. Mr.
Monica : That's probably what they'll say. Mr.
Monica : Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Monica : Are these the shoes?
Monica : It was a really beautiful service. Mrs.
Monica : Wow, those pills really worked, huh?
Monica : Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all. Mrs.
Monica : That sounds like Nana. Mrs.
Monica : ...I can imagine. Mrs.
Monica : That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her? Mrs.
Monica : How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example. Mrs.
Monica : Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth? Mrs.
Monica : Huh. Mrs.
Monica : Oh, I think so. Mrs.
Monica : Thank you. They're yours. Mrs.
Monica : Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. [Reads the back] 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
Monica : Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
Monica : Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?
Monica : Yes, they are. The Blymens invited them.
Monica : I am not wrong.
Monica : No, I just talked to them.
Monica : Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?
Monica : Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Monica : You know, they're not actually supposed to have... [Ross looks at her sheepishly] I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
Monica : And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
Monica : Phoebe, you're gonna be with your grandma?
Monica : So you're free Thursday, then.
Monica : Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
Monica : Hey, Rach, did you make your money?
Monica : Rach, here's your mail.
Monica : [insistently] No, here's your mail.
Monica : [gives her an envelope] Would you just open it? [Rachel opens it. Inside is the money she needed.]
Monica : We all chipped in.
Monica : [to Joey] You owe me 20 bucks.
Monica : [hands Chandler a bag] Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
Monica : Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming. [notices Ross is depressed] What?
Monica : All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
Monica : That's not a question.
Monica : All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
Monica : Ah!
Monica : What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!
Monica : Why would we do that?
Monica : Ok, three kinds of potatoes coming up.
Monica : Got the keys? or Got the keys!
Monica : Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
Monica : No I don't.
Monica : No I didn't. I asked, "got the ke-eys?"
Monica : [panicked] The oven is on.
Monica : Well then get it, get it!
Monica : [angry] Joey!
Monica : Can you go any faster with that?
Monica : Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
Monica : I swear you said you had the keys.
Monica : Why would I have the keys?
Monica : But I didn't.
Monica : Why?
Monica : Why?
Monica : Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! [starting to cry] Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Monica : Well, the turkey's burnt. [checking pots] Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined. [Ross enters, singing.]
Monica : No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross? [picks up the pan of badly burnt potatoes] Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Monica : Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
Monica : Stop it, stop it, stop it!
Monica : Ooh, Ugly Naked Dancing!
Monica : [holding sandwich] Does anybody wanna split this with me?
Monica : Make a wish?
Monica : W-wait. What is that?
Monica : No, no, I don't.
Monica : Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?
Monica : Why don't you just get a roommate?
Monica : So, how'd it go?
Monica : So what are you gonna be?
Monica : I think it's romantic.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!
Monica : Ross! He's playing with my spatulas again!
Monica : Do you always have to bring him here?
Monica : I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : What's the matter?
Monica : Vividly. [Someone knocks on the door; Monica gets it]
Monica : Hi.
Monica : That thing is not coming in here.
Monica : I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Monica : Alright. Just keep him away from me.
Monica : Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?
Monica : Hey everybody! It's Fun Bobby! [Everyone cheers. Monica opens the door. Bobby is obviously very depressed] Fun
Monica : Not everybody's happy. Hey Bobby! [Bobby waves and then bursts into tears. Midnight comes and everyone at the party except for the gang cheers and kisses]
Monica : So I'm kissing everyone?
Monica : Why?
Monica : Oh my God. [Grabs Phoebe and turns her away] Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
Monica : He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool. [The guy walks past them]
Monica : We are not going to whistle.
Monica : No!
Monica : No!
Monica : [Shouts to the guy] Woo-woo! [The guy turns round, startled. Monica points to Phoebe. The guy gets hit by a truck]
Monica : Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Monica : Phoebe, what are you doing?
Monica : I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
Monica : Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
Monica : I wish all guys could be like him.
Monica : He doesn't have anyone.
Monica : Last night.
Monica : Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports. [Next is a shot of them dragging an enormous plant into the room, then Monica knitting a sweater, then Phoebe singing, then Phoebe shaving him and chatting to Monica]
Monica : Nah... not-not special enough.
Monica : Waaay too special. [Scene
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : [Entering] What are you guys doing here?
Monica : ...What did I ask? [Scene
Monica : Hi.
Monica : What are you doing here?
Monica : I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
Monica : How would I know? I-I wasn't here.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : [Reading] 'A Woman Undone, by Rachel Karen Green'.
Monica : [Reads] Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
Monica : Hello.
Monica : No, you?
Monica : You just asked me.
Monica : Oh! You're awake!
Monica : You look good! Coma
Monica : Oh, sorry.
Monica : I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.
Monica : I got you the foot massager.
Monica : I read to you.
Monica : Oh, my pleasure.
Monica : 'See you around'? Coma
Monica : Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, 'That was nice'? Admit something to me? 'I'll call you'? Coma
Monica : This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and 'See you around'! Let's go, Phoebe.
Monica : What's a 'niffle'?
Monica : Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? [listens to Aunt Syl on phone, looks shocked] Nice talk, Aunt Syl. [in New York accent] You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth? [Camera pans back to group in living room]
Monica : So, did I hear Poconos?
Monica : Yeah, that's a big step.
Monica : And Monica knows...
Monica : Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
Monica : I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!
Monica : Phoebe, what's the matter?
Monica : Phoebe, what is it?
Monica : Are you sure?
Monica : Was it...?
Monica : Oh!
Monica : So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
Monica : Heads up Ross! [Monica scores on Chandler and Joey] Score! [points at Chandler] You suck! [Chandler looks at Joey in amazement]
Monica : Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, [shows Rachel gesturing with hands in front of her chest], Ok, that is either how could you? or enormous breasts! Here he comes!
Monica : Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, [hands him a lasagna] but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Monica : Oh, you're right.
Monica : Ooh...hey honey, are you all right?
Monica : Yes! And that would be a shut-down! Joey &
Monica : Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!
Monica : You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies! [Joey and Chandler pick her up] All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going, [they throw her out] and I'm gone.
Monica : So, you think you'll do it on his couch?
Monica : Hey, how long are you in the city? Mr.
Monica : Hello?
Monica : C'mon up.
Monica : Waitwait, go back to that sibling thing.
Monica : Oh! So you think I'm a failure!
Monica : Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Monica : You're welcome.
Monica : Hate that guy! [Throws another cookie] [Scene
Monica : Hi...May I help you?
Monica : Okay...who are you?
Monica : Oh, c'mon in.
Monica : How's it going?
Monica : Nothing, um, it's just, um... It's Roger.
Monica : So you talked to your dad, huh.
Monica : How's it going?
Monica : Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!
Monica : Hello, Joey. [She whips back the curtain to reveal Joey's dad] Mr.
Monica : You can not do this.
Monica : Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.
Monica : But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.
Monica : Which one was Pete Carney?
Monica : Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy. [imitating] "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two months--I didn't get to win once.
Monica : I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.
Monica : There's more beer, right?
Monica : Ok, well, what kind of ritual?
Monica : Burning's good.
Monica : Oh, Chandler, sorry. [Janice turns around, Monica sees who it is.]
Monica : Ohhh, Chandler, sorry! Hey, Janice.
Monica : Rache, come see who's out here! [Rachel comes out.]
Monica : I'll be right back. [Joey enters from the stairs.]
Monica : Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to. [to Chandler] He just happened to call.
Monica : All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.
Monica : Can we just start throwing things in?
Monica : Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.
Monica : No.
Monica : Hey, Rachel, isn't that stuff almost pure-- [Rachel throws the alcohol in the fire. A burst of flames shoots up from it.]
Monica : You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. Fireman
Monica : They're nice guys.
Monica : Rach, why does my swizzel stick have an eraser? [Rachel checks behind her ear, and finds a swizzel stick. She takes the pencil out of Monica's coffee.]
Monica : Uh, Chandler... you've been there for five years.
Monica : Um... hi there.
Monica : Yeah, yeah! Well, what kind of food is he looking for?
Monica : [excited] Oh my God!
Monica : Oh, I love my life, I love my life!
Monica : So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Monica : So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
Monica : I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
Monica : [to Joey] OK, try this salmon mousse.
Monica : Is it better than the other salmon mousse?
Monica : Yeah, well, is that better?
Monica : [brings a plate of tiny appetizers over] Hey, maybe this'll cheer you up.
Monica : It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.
Monica : [on phone] Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye. [hangs up]
Monica : Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.
Monica : Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...
Monica : But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
Monica : [shouting on phone] Wendy, we had a deal! Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy! [hangs up]
Monica : Wendy bailed. I have no waitress.
Monica : Ten dollars an hour.
Monica : Twelve dollars an hour.
Monica : You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you... [desperate] twenty dollars an hour.
Monica : Hi Steve!
Monica : [to Steve] This is Rachel.
Monica : Oh, thank you. Would you like a tour?
Monica : Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course. [Steve sits, Monica brings over a tray] OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... [Steve starts to eat them one by one, quickly]... with just a touch of mints... and... [he finishes]... ginger.
Monica : I'm so glad you liked them!
Monica : Oh, well... um, that's all there are of those. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.
Monica : [joining him and taking the taco shells] You know that? You don't want to spoil your appetite.
Monica : You know, if you just wait another... six and a half minutes...
Monica : No, we don't. [reaches for box]
Monica : Why don't you just have a seat here? [he sits at the table, then tries to secretly eat the Gummi-bears. Monica spots him.] OK... give me the Gummi-bears.
Monica : Give them to me.
Monica : No, give me the...
Monica : [furious] That's it! Dinner is over!
Monica : What?
Monica : Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet? [The oven goes off.]
Monica : I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.
Monica : Ok, look, this could be a really long game.
Monica : Ross, that's my jacket.
Monica : Ross, your little creature's got the remote again.
Monica : Great.
Monica : No, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Year's but obviously someone forgot.
Monica : I can't believe you. You still haven't told that girl she doesn't have a job yet?
Monica : Congratulations, I think you've found the world's thinnest argument.
Monica : I'll get it. Hi, Mr. Heckles. Mr.
Monica : We're not doing anything. We're just sitting around talking, quietly. Mr.
Monica : Goodbye Mr. Heckles.
Monica : Ok, I think I get how to do this.
Monica : Ok, Pheebs, they're gone. Are you all right?
Monica : Come on, you gotta talk to Joey.
Monica : Rachel, what are you doing? It's freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
Monica : Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or ankle or something.
Monica : All right. Name, address...Ok, in case of emergency call?
Monica : Really?
Monica : Oh, that is so sweet. Oh gosh. I love you. Insurance?
Monica : You don't have insurance?
Monica : I have no idea, but x-rays alone could be a couple hundred dollars.
Monica : There's not much we can do.
Monica : No no no no no no no no no.
Monica : That's insurance fraud.
Monica : Ok. Ok. I hate this.
Monica : Hi. Um, I'm gonna need a new set of these forms.
Monica : I am really an idiot. You see, I was filling out my friend's forms, and instead of putting her information, I put mine.
Monica : Yep, that's me. I am that stupid.
Monica : Yes, yes she is.
Monica : Hi. Dr.
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : Uh, you left out the stupid part.
Monica : I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. I say we blow off the dates.
Monica : Come on, she'll be here any minute.
Monica : Well maybe we can make a "b" out of one of those roses.
Monica : Rachel, the cute doctors are here.
Monica : Hi, come on in. Dr.
Monica : It's uh, well, uh, why don't you tell them? After all, it is your ankle.
Monica : It will not be fine. We'll get in trouble.
Monica : A wuss? Excuse me for living in the real world, ok? Dr.
Monica : I said we are not going to do it. Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
Monica : What?
Monica : What?
Monica : Yeah, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar. Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but hey, that's me. Why don't you try the hummus? Dr.
Monica : (laughing) Oh, God, I am so spoiled. That's it.
Monica : I used to wet my bed.
Monica : We both do that. (phone rings) Dr.
Monica : Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. Listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um, there's something that I've been meaning to tell you. Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Drestin and I had sex on your bed.
Monica : Ross, he's got the remote again.
Monica : Find out what they want.
Monica : Hello, this is Monica. Yeah? Oh, ok, yes, we'll be right down. Thank you.
Monica : We forgot to sign one of the admissions forms.
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on an admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I, I put the wrong name again. 'Cause um...
Monica : I am. I'm that stupid.
Monica : What's goin' on?
Monica : Oh, thank you.
Monica : Michael. Dr.
Monica : Monica.
Monica : Hi.
Monica : Do you really want a job with Popular Mechanics?
Monica : Hey, guys. Chandler,
Monica : Lots of responses.
Monica : 
Monica : Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
Monica : I mean, that's a typical guy response.
Monica : So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.
Monica : Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites. Phoebe,
Monica : Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
Monica : [throws down her cards] Dammit, dammit, dammit!
Monica : Hell no, we'll pay!
Monica : And you know what? We want a rematch.
Monica : Yeah, I know. He can get really competitive.
Monica : What?
Monica : Please! I am not as bad as Ross.
Monica : That was not an incident! I-I was gesturing, a-and the plate slipped out of my hand.
Monica : You're kidding! Where? Where?
Monica : Oh, Rachel!
Monica : Well, what's the job?
Monica : OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says. [opens door] Hi!
Monica : I don't think so.
Monica : What?
Monica : Really?
Monica : Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel...
Monica : OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
Monica : Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?
Monica : You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
Monica : OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
Monica : Excuse me, where are you going?
Monica : Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Monica : Alright, Cincinatti, no blinds, everybody ante. [deals cards]
Monica : Me too.
Monica : [slams down cards] I hate this game! [Joey slides a plate away from Monica towards Chandler, who hides it under the table.]
Monica : Sorry, Rach.
Monica : Alright, check.
Monica : Rachel, there's nothing in it.
Monica : OK, here you go. Good luck.
Monica : [pointing at the drawing, upset] Bye... bye... BIRDIE.
Monica : Mail call, Rachel Green, bunk seven.
Monica : Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?
Monica : What is it?
Monica : Barry who you almost-?
Monica : And Mindy, your maid of-?
Monica : [Takes it] That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty. [Sees Rachel's look] Lucky. To have had a friend like you. [Scene
Monica : Hi.
Monica : Wonderful!
Monica : There was nudity!
Monica : Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
Monica : Wait. He pooped in my shoe? Which one?
Monica : Which ones?
Monica : He- he pooped in my shoe.
Monica : Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.
Monica : Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Monica : Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you. [They all leave]
Monica : Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it? Mr.
Monica : No!
Monica : A monkey. Have you seen a monkey? Mr.
Monica : Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
Monica : Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
Monica : Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
Monica : The Luisa from home room!
Monica : No, none at all.
Monica : Oh, I'm- I'm so sorry!
Monica : Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Monica : Marcel?
Monica : Whaaat!
Monica : What is it?
Monica : Look, Phoebe!
Monica : What're you gonna do?
Monica : Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! [Marcel runs off and Luisa runs after him. Monica goes to check up on Phoebe] Are you okay?
Monica : Oh gosh. [Cut to Marcel walking along a hallway. He notices a banana on the floor and picks it up. The hand of an unseen person grabs him and carries him away. Then cut to Ross and Rachel on the street outside]
Monica : This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?
Monica : That's because I'm in front of them.
Monica : Well, high school was not my favourite time.
Monica : Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?
Monica : (LOOKING OUT OF WINDOW) Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
Monica : So have you called her yet?
Monica : I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.
Monica : Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
Monica : How'd it go?
Monica : Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Monica : Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex- best friend?
Monica : THAT's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!
Monica : (RE WINDOW) Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
Monica : Great, now he's waving back.
Monica : What kinda stuff..?
Monica : Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone. (Chandler DIALS HIS OWN PHONE. IT RINGS)
Monica : Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
Monica : (WandERING IN AFTER HER) Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?
Monica : Uh huh.
Monica : You had SEX in his CHAIR?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?
Monica : Brrrrrrr! (Chandler CLUTCHES AT HIS PHONE BEFORE REALISING)
Monica : Relax. Y'know, she may not even know.
Monica : Why don't you just take it with you?
Monica : Why don't you just call her?
Monica : Do you?
Monica : Don't you have to pee?
Monica : Just like you told her you did! (Chandler GIVES HER A LOOK) ... Just pointing out the irony.
Monica : So she's a woman! So what?
Monica : Joey!!
Monica : The green dress? Really?
Monica : (WAVES DISMISSIVELY TO SIDNEY) Nooo! (CUT TO Barry'S SURGERY. Barry IS PREPARING TOOLS ALONE) (ENTER Rachel)
Monica : You okay?
Monica : Really?
Monica : Aww... (THEY HUG) (ENTER Joey, WHO LOOKS ON APPROVINGLY)
Monica : Yeah, there you go!
Monica : I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
Monica : I know. It's just such reckless spending.
Monica : That's me.
Monica : Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.
Monica : This woman's living my life.
Monica : She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
Monica : Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
Monica : Oh really? Okay, let's compare, shall we.
Monica : Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?
Monica : This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother. [Scene
Monica : Hi. [On the phone] Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
Monica : [Hushes her] Alright, great. Thanks a lot. [Hangs up] I'm going to tap class.
Monica : This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
Monica : What d'you think?
Monica : Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
Monica : Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?
Monica : Okay, I'm not getting this!
Monica : Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated? [Rachel taps into view; she is in perfect sync with the rest of the class]
Monica : Great. It's gym class all over again. Phoebe and
Monica : Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare. [She starts to walk very slowly toward the front of the room. The teacher grabs her hand and pulls her. Suddenly a woman bursts in]
Monica : Oh. Monica! ...Hi. I'm Mo- ...nana. Woman [Fake
Monica : Yeah. It's Dutch. Fake
Monica : You're kidding! I-I spent three years in Amsterdam. [Asks her something in Dutch]
Monica : Um, Pennsylvania Dutch.
Monica : Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this- with this amazing spirit.
Monica : Monana was very brave.
Monica : It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor! Fake
Monica : So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
Monica : ...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Monica : Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
Monica : 'Scuse me? Fake
Monica : There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Monica : Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class. Fake
Monica : Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.
Monica : What? Fake
Monica : Well, you're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?
Monica : Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned. Fake
Monica : I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Monica : Uh-huh. Fake
Monica : I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back'. And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Monica : Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire. [Scene
Monica : Yo- hooo!
Monica : Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.
Monica : Noooo! [Comes closer and whispers] I'm lying. I am so drunk.
Monica : Water rules!
Monica : Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.
Monica : No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana! [The phone rings and Rachel answers]
Monica : Helloooo? Yeah. Oh my God. Thanks.
Monica : They've arrested Monica. [Scene
Monica : Hi. Fake
Monica : Hey.
Monica : How are you? Fake
Monica : I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How- how did you know I was here?
Monica : Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using. Fake
Monica : That I was not expecting.
Monica : I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in. Fake
Monica : Oh. Thanks.
Monica : No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theatre! Fake
Monica : Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
Monica : I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus? Fake
Monica : Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
Monica : Well, not... worried, just... wondering. Fake
Monica : There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
Monica : Not necessarily... Fake
Monica : Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
Monica : Um, I'm not actually Amish. Fake
Monica : Really? Then why are you like that? [Scene
Monica : In. [She joins in the dancing. She still flounders]
Monica : Yeah, but at least I'm doing it! [Scene
Monica : Tell him.
Monica : Just...please tell him.
Monica : Look at you, you won't even look at him.
Monica : Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they?re still extinct.'
Monica : All right, I?ll see you guys later. [raises]
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : He?s... our age.
Monica : Okay, he?s a senior in college.
Monica : No, of course not. It?s not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
Monica : Oh, I can?t pass for 22?
Monica : I am 26.
Monica : Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt?s to tight, gotta change the belt. Did i turn the fish? [goes over to the kitchen to check on the dinner] No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
Monica : What?
Monica : I don?t know. Look he?s a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don?t plan these things.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Did not.
Monica : How was that possible?
Monica : Okay. [They kiss]
Monica : Unless--
Monica : Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I?m going to, so...
Monica : Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I?m secretly married to a goat'?
Monica : Ethan--
Monica : Are you a virgin?
Monica : Really?
Monica : You keep saying that.
Monica : Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Monica : No no. Nothing wrong about that.
Monica : Um, okay, here it goes. I?m not 22. I?m, I?m 25... and thirteen months.
Monica : But I figured, you know, that shouldn?t change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are. [They kiss]
Monica : You?re not a senior?
Monica : Ok...ay. [Time lapse]
Monica : What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn?t alive during the Bicentennial.
Monica : Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?
Monica : Well, that?s different. My lie didn?t make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
Monica : Don?t say it. [closes Ethan?s mouth with her hand]
Monica : Really?
Monica : Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn?t even be here, it?s a school night. Oh god, oh god. I?m like those women that you see with shiny guys like Chad. I?m Joan Collins.
Monica : What?
Monica : Oh.
Monica : No. You know, sometimes just things doesn?t work out.
Monica : Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now? Joey, Chandler &
Monica : Aren?t you gonna--
Monica : That was gonna be my opener.
Monica : It was.
Monica : Ethan, it?s um... it?s icky.
Monica : This isn?t easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really--
Monica : --love you. [Ross, Rachel and Joey come back from the bathroom. They discover that Monica and Ethan aren?t finished talking to each other yet.]
Monica : I can?t belive it, I?m gonna be an aunt. I?m gonna have like a nephew.
Monica : I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?
Monica : Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?
Monica : What's with the guitar?
Monica : I want a baby.
Monica : Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.
Monica : No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Monica : Oh yeah? When?
Monica : Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica : Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica : What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Monica : Well?
Monica : Did you go home and change?
Monica : No, I haven't seen him.
Monica : Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. No, he's gone. No no, you don't have to fly back, really. What do you mean this might be your only chance? Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet. [Monica sees a woman pass by with a baby, puts the phone to her chest, and starts to cry. Chandler takes the phone, makes a noise in it resembling static, and hangs up. Joey enters.]
Monica : I'm sure they'll be here soon.
Monica : Hi.
Monica : Can we come in? [The whole gang enters.]
Monica : Ross, can I? [Monica holds Ben.]
Monica : [getting choked up] Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum. Closing Credits [The camera is placed as though it were Ben's eyes.]
Monica : He is so amazing.
Monica : Awww, look at Aunt Monica's little boy!
Monica : Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
Monica : OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...
Monica : Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.
Monica : Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
Monica : Man's got a point.
Monica : Joey... we always know what you mean. [Time lapse. Chandler and Joey are making the fire, Monica and Phoebe are inside. Ross enters, carrying luggage.]
Monica : Hey.
Monica : You're going to China?
Monica : Yeah. [Phoebe puts the picture of Ross up to her face.]
Monica : Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.
Monica : You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse.
Monica : [gets up] OK, how does everybody like their burgers?
Monica : Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
Monica : So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her?
Monica : Y'know, just be there for her. [Long pause... Joey looks confused.]
Monica : Think about it. [They both walk over to where Rachel is opening her gifts. Rachel sees her first gift is a fruit basket.]
Monica : I can't believe he did this.
Monica : I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
Monica : No, no, wait. [checks Ross's itinerary] His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.
Monica : From here to the airport?
Monica : Rachel, what're you gonna say to him?
Monica : Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.
Monica : Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
Monica : Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Monica : Another good point.
Monica : Why isn't it working out?
Monica : Is he not cute enough for you?
Monica : Does he not make enough money?
Monica : Is there? Is there someone else?
Monica : Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?
Monica : Hey, great skirt! Birthday present?
Monica : Oh, from who?
Monica : Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
Monica : Oh, why?
Monica : [gets up] No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!
Monica : I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise. [Door buzzer goes off. Rachel answers it.]
Monica : Behind my brother's back? [Rachel glares at her] ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.
Monica : I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross.
Monica : Guys, you got your hair cut.
Monica : This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Monica : It's just an expression.
Monica : Phoebes, you know what I'm thinking?
Monica : No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
Monica : Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
Monica : Why not?
Monica : No you're not.
Monica : Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
Monica : Please, just a little bit off the back.
Monica : Rachel, how did this happen?
Monica : Honey, you're not pathetic, you're sad.
Monica : My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't--but this is about your horrible mistake.
Monica : You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
Monica : I promise.
Monica : What? I didn't say anything.
Monica : I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.
Monica : How who wears it?
Monica : Demi Moore is not a he.
Monica : That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.
Monica : Oh my god!
Monica : She's the actress who was in Disclosure, Indecent Proposal, Ghost.
Monica : I KNOW!
Monica : Even Mary Tyler Moore would've been better.
Monica : Thank you. My hair is very amused.
Monica : Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.
Monica : Ok, um, I'll go with you.
Monica : It's gonna be a problem, isn't it?
Monica : But I'm--
Monica : Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.
Monica : You're welcome.
Monica : Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.
Monica : We were shopping, and we had lunch.
Monica : You had a salad.
Monica : Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju-- Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.
Monica : Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Monica : Hey, where is everybody?
Monica : Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.
Monica : You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.
Monica : That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent.
Monica : Judy.
Monica : Julie.
Monica : Jody.
Monica : Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
Monica : Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.
Monica : Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out.
Monica : That is not true!
Monica : Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
Monica : Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanna, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Monica : I don't know what else to say.
Monica : I feel terrible, I really do.
Monica : Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?
Monica : It's that terrible?
Monica : Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
Monica : Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
Monica : I'd do anything for you.
Monica : So how was Joan?
Monica : How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
Monica : Hello, Mr. Heckles. Mr.
Monica : We're not doing anything. Mr.
Monica : Ok, Mr. Heckles, we'll try to keep it down. Mr.
Monica : Stop with the broom, we're not making noise.
Monica : Mr. Heckles.
Monica : That's terrible. Mr.
Monica : What can we do for you? Mr.
Monica : Well, what about his family? Mr.
Monica : I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
Monica : Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.
Monica : It doesn't go with any of my stuff.
Monica : You don't have any stuff.
Monica : No.
Monica : Mmmmm.
Monica : Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?
Monica : Hide the Lamp.
Monica : Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?
Monica : Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
Monica : Phoebe, tell her!
Monica : Chandler, you're not gonna die alone.
Monica : You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
Monica : You are not a freak. You're a guy.
Monica : Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
Monica : No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
Monica : You made it!
Monica : No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Monica : That's fine.
Monica : Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
Monica : (enters) Oh my god.
Monica : I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Monica : Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
Monica : Who is also in charge of purchasing.
Monica : Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
Monica : Oh, wait, and I got a beeper!
Monica : Oh, sorry.
Monica : Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.
Monica : Oh, thank you!
Monica : All right, what's goin' on?
Monica : Ok.
Monica : If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.
Monica : All of us.
Monica : I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.
Monica : Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
Monica : Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
Monica : It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.
Monica : Like?
Monica : Charity?
Monica : Guys, we bought the tickets.
Monica : Well, I guess now we can't go.
Monica : You know what? You're right.
Monica : All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
Monica : You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.
Monica : You know, the guys are probably having a great time.
Monica : That was amazing!
Monica : Do I know you?
Monica : Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?
Monica : You can't be a lawyer. You're eight.
Monica : Uh, wait, backstage?
Monica : Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
Monica : Uh, good.
Monica : No, I just, I fell down.
Monica : You know, a party, or--
Monica : That would be the work of a Blowfish.
Monica : It's work.
Monica : (on phone) Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.
Monica : Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Monica : Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.
Monica : Please.
Monica : Nothing, just never seen you in little stretchy pants before.
Monica : C'mon give me five more. Five more.
Monica : Five more and I'll flash you.
Monica : [to Chandler] Yo, Bing. Racquetball in 15 minutes.
Monica : Only if you say his full name.
Monica : Alright.
Monica : Why not?
Monica : OK, if you say stop, then we stop.
Monica : No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo [Chandler walks out of the apartment, leaving Monica] Woo.
Monica : No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.
Monica : Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?
Monica : Well, thanks.
Monica : Well, you know.
Monica : [sad] Uh-huh.
Monica : Well no, but um.
Monica : Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .
Monica : Alright.
Monica : OK. Just for a little while.
Monica : Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Monica : Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Monica : [getting the wine] Do not start without me. Do not start without me.
Monica : Ohhhh.
Monica : [reading the paper] There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.
Monica : There's an ad for a naked chef?
Monica : Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.
Monica : We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.
Monica : So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear. Mr.
Monica : I'm sorry? Mr.
Monica : Ohh. [He pulls out a piece of Mockolate.] Mr.
Monica : All right. Mmm-mmm. [She tastes it, and obviously hates it.] Mr.
Monica : [disgusted, trying not to show it] I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that. Mr.
Monica : [still chewing] Mmm-mmm. Mr.
Monica : Wow. Mr.
Monica : Just waiting for it to stop bubbling. Mr.
Monica : [with false enthusiasm] Mmm. Mr.
Monica : Abso...[swallows hard]...lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate. Mr.
Monica : Especially the after taste, you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya till Christmas.
Monica : How about Mockolate mousse?
Monica : Ok, how about pilgrim Mockolate mousse?
Monica : We'll put buckles on it. [Rachel enters.]
Monica : Hey.
Monica : No, I'm sorry.
Monica : Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served. [Rachel takes a bite.]
Monica : Oh my god good?
Monica : You know, that's true. You'd be a great person to have around the day after an emergency.
Monica : What?
Monica : This was your idea?
Monica : Yeah. You!
Monica : Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate? [Ross runs to Rachel's bedroom, knocking on the door.]
Monica : Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate. Mr.
Monica : What? Mr.
Monica : Oh, gosh, I'm sorry. Mr.
Monica : Well, uh, I ate some. Mr.
Monica : Hello? [Ross is at his apartment.]
Monica : [to Ross] Listen, I... I don't think this is the best time.
Monica : Sure, what? Ok, ok. [hangs up the phone] [to Rachel] Music? [Monica turns on the radio.]
Monica : Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash. Mr.
Monica : Cat hair. Mr.
Monica : Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
Monica : Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
Monica : Oh, and the newspaper delivery guy. [Joey opens the door and picks up the remnants of the newspaper.
Monica : Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.
Monica : Cute.
Monica : Ross, that is gorgeous!
Monica : Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy. [Phoebe enters.]
Monica : Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
Monica : Oh, wait a minute honey.
Monica : Wow.
Monica : Hi.
Monica : I hope she's OK.
Monica : How do you know exactly what she's going through?
Monica : Just some stuff for the party.
Monica : You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
Monica : Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.
Monica : For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive. [Rachel enters from her room]
Monica : Rach, get the heat. [Rachel holds up her hand with wet fingernail polish] Ross, could you turn the heat down please?
Monica : Ross, the heat!
Monica : Well put it back.
Monica : Here, let me try.
Monica : Hey, it's Funny's cousin, Not Funny.
Monica : No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
Monica : [carrying an ice cube tray] Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.
Monica : Really? I'm perfectly comfortable. [one of the guest opens the refrigerator] Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next. [she opens the refrigerator and leans into it]
Monica : No, I will not cave.
Monica : Ross.
Monica : [to Ross] Looks like he's playin' baseball.
Monica : Whatever.
Monica : So, wait, you really did like my cookies? Mr.
Monica : Hey, we could have used that kind of thinkin' earlier.
Monica : Honey, I'm sorry.
Monica : You were so amazing as the king. I was really impressed, I was.
Monica : Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind. [Reads from paper] In a mediocre play, Joseph Tribbiana was able to achieve brilliant new levels of... continued on page 153...[turns it] sucking. Credits
Monica : Maybe.
Monica : You and me both. Fun
Monica : OK, I'll see you later babe. Fun
Monica : Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
Monica : And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
Monica : Really? I only had two glasses.
Monica : So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Monica : Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
Monica : Rach, does this have nonfat milk?
Monica : [takes a sip] Mmmm, no.
Monica : You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately. Fun
Monica : Bobby. Fun
Monica : Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you. Fun
Monica : So, what are you saying now? Fun
Monica : Hey.
Monica : [gasps] You have other friends?
Monica : What?
Monica : What are you talking about?
Monica : It's Fun Bobby.
Monica : Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.
Monica : Alright, here you go, sweetie. [hands Fun Bobby his coffee] Fun
Monica : Oh God, yes! Fun
Monica : Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now? Fun
Monica : Oh.... my... God.
Monica : Not that bad? Did you hear the hammer story?
Monica : But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
Monica : She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.
Monica : See? They're as different as night and... later that night.
Monica : Bye.
Monica : Do you not see it?
Monica : Yes, I would like something. [looks at Fun Bobby, changes her mind] No, no thank you. Fun
Monica : No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it. [to waiter] Just some water. Fun
Monica : [grabs waiter as he's leaving] I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.
Monica : Morning.
Monica : Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?
Monica : Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing. [Three slow knocks on the door.]
Monica : Hi. I'll be ready in just a second. Fun
Monica : Sure. [They both step out into the hall.] Fun
Monica : Oh God, you fell off the wagon. Fun
Monica : What about me? Fun
Monica : What these? [holding up liquor bottles] Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes. Fun
Monica : Oh... shoot. Fun
Monica : OK. [They hug and kiss.]
Monica : Take care. Fun
Monica : Well we... we kinda broke up.
Monica : [holding bottles] Does anybody want these?
Monica : Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast. Ross, Chandler &
Monica : They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
Monica : Oh, you are so great! [kisses him] Thank you!
Monica : They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.
Monica : Ross, I thought you were over this.
Monica : What?
Monica : Oh, honey.
Monica : God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
Monica : [entering] All right. Tell me if this is too cute. Lesbian wedding, chicken breasts.
Monica : Why? It's not like I'm putting little nipples on them.
Monica : Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Monica : Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
Monica : Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.
Monica : If you want.
Monica : All right, look, nobody's smoking pot around all this food. Mrs.
Monica : I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything. Mrs.
Monica : All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!
Monica : Joey, speed it up!
Monica : Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?
Monica : [to Ross] All right, you!
Monica : All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
Monica : Hi.
Monica : It's goin' great. Right on schedule. Got my little happy helpers. [everyone groans]
Monica : You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish.
Monica : So we're back on?
Monica : You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes. [at the wedding]
Monica : Would you look at them?
Monica : Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
Monica : All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.
Monica : And the fact that they're both monkeys.
Monica : [reading] 'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not- so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
Monica : This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.
Monica : I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker. What i-, what is she like.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
Monica : Excellent!
Monica : Rachel, it's a world where Joey is a neuro-surgeon.
Monica : And then he told me he would run away with me, and he didn't. [throws water in his face]
Monica : Ross, there he is.
Monica : Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Monica : Jean-Claude Van Damme. I didn't know he was in this movie, he is so hot.
Monica : The muscles from Brussels, wham bam Van Damme, did you see Time Cop?
Monica : Rachel, he like, totally changed time.
Monica : Oh, yeah.
Monica : He could hear me.
Monica : Oh Rachel don't, don't you dare, don't, don't. Tell him I cook.
Monica : So what'd he say?
Monica : Well, thanks anyway.
Monica : Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Monica : Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.
Monica : What did you say?
Monica : Ya know, you had no right to go out with him.
Monica : You sold me out.
Monica : Yes you did. Absolutely.
Monica : Did you just flick me?
Monica : Quit flicking [flicks]
Monica : You flicked me first. [They keep flicking each other. This turns into slapping each other. This leads to wrestling on the floor. All the while Phoebe is saying "Happy thoughts". Eventually Phoebe gets fed up.]
Monica : Uh-huh.
Monica : OK.
Monica : Yes.
Monica : Fine,
Monica : I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? [he nods] Can you beat up that guy? Van
Monica : This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date. Van
Monica : Well, what made you make the exception for me? Van
Monica : Say you're sorry.
Monica : Say it.
Monica : Rachel, you say you're sorry or your sweater gets it.
Monica : Say you're sorry.
Monica : What're you gonna do?
Monica : You don't have the guts.
Monica : I'll help you fix your sweater.
Monica : I'm sorry that I made you stop seeing him.
Monica : I'm sorry that I borrowed your gloves [pulls Rachel's gloves out of her purse]
Monica : Well, bye for me too. [kisses him]
Monica : OK. Van
Monica : But no. Maybe if I were baking. Monica and
Monica : Great.
Monica : Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.
Monica : A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.
Monica : You got it.
Monica : Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.
Monica : Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
Monica : That's your call.
Monica : Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
Monica : They'r alright.
Monica : No really, they're OK.
Monica : Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
Monica : I'm outa here. [Monica leaves]
Monica : Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.
Monica : Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.
Monica : No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Monica : Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few doubloons.
Monica : Hi. Mr.
Monica : So, what's this. Mr.
Monica : Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room? Mr.
Monica : Oh, God forbid. [Rachel enters with a laundry basket] Mrs.
Monica : Where have you been?
Monica : No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.
Monica : Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it. Mrs.
Monica : Because they made me. Mrs.
Monica : Anything larger back there?
Monica : You have dinosaur checks?
Monica : Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.
Monica : Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.
Monica : Hey, you got me, put it in.
Monica : You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Monica : Over here dad. [he pans over and we see a torso taking up the whole screen] Mr.
Monica : Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Monica : Oh, you look so great.
Monica : Oops.
Monica : Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
Monica : Oh, dad, turn it off. Mr.
Monica : Dad, it is not. What's with the red light? Mr.
Monica : Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.
Monica : I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.
Monica : If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
Monica : I can't believe you did that.
Monica : Mom, I'm hungry. Mrs.
Monica : Alright. [the tape cuts to Monica's parents under the covers] Mrs.
Monica : Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she? [Rachel enters]
Monica : [walks up to Rachel in front of the TV] Tonight? Chandler and
Monica : What's tonight?
Monica : Uh, hello.
Monica : Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?
Monica : Yes but my mom got me this job.
Monica : Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
Monica : Sorry we're late. Dr.
Monica : Dr. Burke, it, it's me. Dr.
Monica : Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight. Dr.
Monica : I've been great, just great. How have you been? [tilting her head] Dr.
Monica : The head tilt? Dr.
Monica : I'm sorry. Dr.
Monica : [her and Phoebe tilt their heads] Oh, that's too bad. Dr.
Monica : You've got to get back out there, it's your party. Dr.
Monica : You're an opthamologist. Dr.
Monica : Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency. Dr.
Monica : I am not.
Monica : Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.
Monica : Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.
Monica : Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.
Monica : Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.
Monica : Really. Dr.
Monica : Good, they feel good, in my head. Dr.
Monica : You too. Dr.
Monica : OK, um. Goodbye. Dr.
Monica : What? Dr.
Monica : Thanks. So, I guess I better be going. Dr.
Monica : Thanks again. [He kisses her on the cheek, she returns the kiss, then they embrace in a full on kiss]
Monica : Stop sending food to our apartment.
Monica : No one.
Monica : Nothing.
Monica : Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.
Monica : It's Richard Burke.
Monica : Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
Monica : When?
Monica : Wow, is that Michelle? Dr.
Monica : I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional. Dr.
Monica : I thought she just had one. Dr.
Monica : Oh, you're a grandpa. Dr.
Monica : I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in. Dr.
Monica : Yeah. Dr.
Monica : So maybe we should just. . . Dr.
Monica : Wow, this really sucks. Dr.
Monica : Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we? Dr.
Monica : Oh, I'm gonna kill those guys.
Monica : I can't believe you guys are actually getting tattoos.
Monica : Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.
Monica : Well, he's my parents' best friend, he has to be there.
Monica : Yeah. It's my dad's birthday, I decided to give him a stroke.
Monica : No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.
Monica : OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.
Monica : Happy birthday dad. Mr.
Monica : Finger cramp. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom. Mrs.
Monica : Are we still on that? Mrs.
Monica : I'm a twinkie.
Monica : Oh, this is so hard.
Monica : Maybe we should just tell your parents first.
Monica : God, you are so lucky. I mean, I mean. . . you know what I mean.
Monica : Alright.
Monica : You remember that video I found of mom and dad?
Monica : Well, I just caught the live show.
Monica : Hey there.
Monica : Nothing, I just heard something nice about you.
Monica : Well, actually, I'm already seeing someone. Mrs.
Monica : Well, uh, he's a doctor. Mrs.
Monica : No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'd like him. [she puts her arm around Richard] Mrs.
Monica : Mom, it's OK.
Monica : Dad, I'm the twinkie. Mr.
Monica : Al-alright, l-look you guys, this is the best relationship I've been in. . . Mrs.
Monica : Yes, a relationship. For your information I am crazy about this man.
Monica : Yes. Mr.
Monica : Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier. Mr.
Monica : Upstairs in the bathroom right before you felt up mom. [Everyone else enters and all start singing Happy Birthday.]
Monica : So, are you sorry that I told them?
Monica : Oh. Well did you get it? Let me see.
Monica : No he went out to get pizza.
Monica : That's great.
Monica : Yes.
Monica : I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Monica : [looking at some kind of glass sculpture thing] Wow Joey, this is, uhh...
Monica : Art it is.
Monica : Joey, promise me something.
Monica : Never call me from that phone. OPENING TITLES
Monica : Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.
Monica : Blow drying what, you have no hair.
Monica : Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again.
Monica : GET OUT YOU DUFUS!!
Monica : I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.
Monica : Shut up.
Monica : Cut it out.
Monica : But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.
Monica : I promise you, he would definitely want you back.
Monica : I was.
Monica : Did she leave a number?
Monica : I don't have her number, butt-munch.
Monica : I'm not a baby, you're the baby.
Monica : You wanna get out of my face?
Monica : Give me that.
Monica : Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom. [she starts throwing oranges at Ross who's looking pleased with himself]
Monica : I can't believe he has a new roommate. Who is this guy?
Monica : I wanna watch Entertainment Tonight.
Monica : It's my TV.
Monica : Bite me.
Monica : Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
Monica : OK, what're we gonna do about this?
Monica : Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.
Monica : I just can't stand you being here all the time.
Monica : Fun? Fun, you think this is fun?
Monica : Ross, I hated you when we were kids.
Monica : Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
Monica : Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
Monica : Duh-huh!
Monica : Now I love you. And not just 'cause I have to.
Monica : Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.
Monica : Then I won't have to kill you.
Monica : Yeah, thanks. You know what?
Monica : If you really want to watch that Serengetti thing, you can.
Monica : So what're you gonna do?
Monica : Sure.
Monica : [sings] They won't take you to the vet.
Monica : Joey.
Monica : We, we just wanna see the end.
Monica : Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.
Monica : Well, maybe you don't need them.
Monica : Shut up, I'm happy.
Monica : Not a lot, Phoebe's kidding, Phoebe's crazy.
Monica : Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
Monica : Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.
Monica : Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?
Monica : Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. [goes in the bathroom]
Monica : Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark. [Rachel's bedroom]
Monica : Well yeah.
Monica : You really ok with it?
Monica : Oh, yay. Ok about that two.
Monica : Well, it just seems like a really small number.
Monica : And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
Monica : But you've only slept with two people.
Monica : Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
Monica : Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.
Monica : I know. I just can't find...
Monica : You need one too?
Monica : There's only one.
Monica : Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something. [shuts the bathroom door]
Monica : No.
Monica : Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.
Monica : Yeah. Rachel and
Monica : One two three. [Rachel picks rock, Monica picks scissors]
Monica : Fine, go have sex.
Monica : It's not gonna happen. They're doing it tonight, we can do it tomorrow.
Monica : Why?
Monica : Wait, he's not here yet.
Monica : Alright.
Monica : Did they just kill off Joey?
Monica : And some of us really have to pee. [Joey opens the door]
Monica : Sorry Joey [runs to the bathroom]
Monica : Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : A mirror?
Monica : Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
Monica : Cache? Jaunty?
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Oh my God, it was incredible.
Monica : Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
Monica : It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.
Monica : No.
Monica : Yes. But all the other ones.
Monica : Isn't it.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?
Monica : Aaahhhhhhh! Aaahhhh!
Monica : I wa-
Monica : And I would have to say pah-huh.
Monica : Do you not remember the puppet guy?
Monica : And his puppet too.
Monica : Who?
Monica : Oh.
Monica : Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.
Monica : Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.
Monica : One hour? You are such a leaf blower. [Monica goes into her room and slams the door. Rachel does the same. Phoebe, without a door to slam, opens a small chest and slams the lid.]
Monica : We didn't order cake.
Monica : You're right.
Monica : We're good.
Monica : Are you sure this time?
Monica : There is no alley behind Macy's.
Monica : So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?
Monica : Nice.
Monica : Guys, look what I found in the drain. It's some of Richard's hair. What do I do with this?
Monica : It's weird, but, you know, I don't want to throw this away. I mean, this is like all I have left of him... gRoss, drain hair. Eww! [She throws the hair down which lands in Ross cereal bowl.]
Monica : God, what is wrong with me?
Monica : I need to get some Richard.
Monica : I know. I know. But I'm so tired of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why he hasn't called. [angrily] Why hasn't he called?
Monica : [to Phoebe] What are you? The memory woman?
Monica : [dazed] Oh, they sent me home.
Monica : [still dazed] Because I don't work at the Szechwan Dragon.
Monica : I know I do.
Monica : Richard's living room, drinking wine.
Monica : Sorry, but that's my happy place.
Monica : Alright, I'll try not to.
Monica : Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
Monica : I'll bet he's totally over me. I'll bet he's fine.
Monica : Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee. [she climbs out of bed and leaves the room]
Monica : [sobbing] So, I went down to the Post Office. It turns out it was the videos I ordered for Richard about the Civil War. [Monica starts crying] He loved the Civil War.
Monica : Uh-huh. [looking over toward Ross on the couch] Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away. [Phoebe, Monica, and Rachel leave.]
Monica : Hi, Dad. What are you doing here?
Monica : I don't. I just like the smell of them. [they walk over to the couch] So, what are you really doing here, Dad?
Monica : What makes you think that I might not be okay?
Monica : Oh.
Monica : Fine. Just a little tired. I'm okay. How's Richard doing?
Monica : No, I really, really do.
Monica : Really?
Monica : You're not just saying that, are you?
Monica : Was he crying?
Monica : Well, do you think he was waiting til after you left so he could cry?
Monica : I think so.
Monica : Hi.
Monica : Ooh, Phoebe, you look great.
Monica : [looking at Ross in tuxedo] Ooh, are you gonna do magic?
Monica : Hold on a second, I just got in.
Monica : Has somebody been drinking my fat? [Joey and Chandler look at each other.]
Monica : Rach, did you check the machine?
Monica : Is that message old or new? [nobody speaks] Old or new, old or new!?!?
Monica : But what if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk. He could have something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
Monica : [coming out of bedroom] If it is a new message, what is he calling to say?
Monica : So, should I call him back?
Monica : I called him. [everybody gasps] I got his machine and I left him a message. But it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Because you know, it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy. [pause] Oh god, what if it wasn't breezy?
Monica : I got it. I will play my message for you guys and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
Monica : I know the code to his answering machine.
Monica : He's seeing someone. I can't believe he's seeing someone.
Monica : Well, whose voice was that?
Monica : Michelle. Of course, it was Michelle. Did it sound like Michelle?
Monica : It was Michelle. It was definitely Michelle.
Monica : [coming in] Okay, I've gotta call Michelle. I've gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry. I just have to.
Monica : Okay. That was her, right? [everybody agrees] So, there you go. Wooo. We're out of the woods. I think I'll get dressed now. [Phone rings.]
Monica : Uh, Michelle. [pause] Yeah, that was me. I dialed your number by mistake. [pause] You're so sweet. [pause] Yeah, we were a great couple. [pause] I know. I really miss him. [pause] Well, you know how it is...[leaves room talking on phone]
Monica : [comes back in, still on phone] ...Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my own message. I mean, that's allowed. [pause] Yuh-uh! You know, I would really appreciate it if you wouldn't tell your dad... [pause] What do you mean you don't feel comfortable with this? Come on! We're friends! [dial tone] That bitch always hated me. I'm gonna call her back.
Monica : Okay. Fine. [heads toward her bedroom]
Monica : Not anymore.
Monica : Hi, Richard. It's Monica. Listen, I did something kind of crazy tonight. Maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Anyway, I beeped into your machine and I heard this message that freaked me out. You know what, Michelle will tell you the rest. I'm sorry, okay, and I hope that we can just forget the whole thing. Okay. Bye.
Monica : Outgoing? Did that say outgoing? Not outgoing! [Monica hangs up the phone, then quickly redials.] Monica (on
Monica : I don't know.
Monica : Phoebe, we could call the phone company. Maybe they could change the message. Maybe they could change his number.
Monica : I was always Joanne.
Monica : I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves. (they all stare at her) And I'm appalled for you by the way. Matress
Monica : What's the part?
Monica : Not at these prices.
Monica : (lying down on a mattress) Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
Monica : (sees the bed) What's this?
Monica : This is not the bed I ordered!
Monica : Phoebe! (Phoebe makes a sound like a car screeching to a halt.)
Monica : Why is this car in my bedroom?
Monica : When did I sign for it?
Monica : Did you make brownies today?
Monica : (to Phoebe) Quick, take off your dress, he won't notice the bed.
Monica : Sometimes I have bad dreams. (starts to break down, and Phoebe offers her, her hand to comfort her.) [Classroom, Joey is coaching his student.]
Monica : Joey, you're this guy's teacher. I mean how could you do this?
Monica : Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : How's the big anniversary dinner?
Monica : Ohhh, nice.
Monica : What?! (She accidentally starts the blender without the lid on it and fruit flies everywhere.)
Monica : That's okay, this is more important than fruit (pause) (angrily) on my ceiling! You broke up?!
Monica : Oh no!!
Monica : Rachel, you and Mark?!
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Oh, there's banana on it.
Monica : So then you know? (Phoebe nods her head)
Monica : Oh, good. Thanks.
Monica : Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Monica : Yes! Have you seen it?
Monica : I know!!
Monica : Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!
Monica : Did that!
Monica : Okay. (Does so.) Ow!!!!! Ow-oh-oh!
Monica : No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
Monica : That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.
Monica : Now, are you glad we didn't start with the bikini strips? [The Xerox Place, Ross is trying to break the trail.]
Monica : Ow!
Monica : Ow!! Ow!!
Monica : It's okay, it's okay.
Monica : We were just waxing our legs.
Monica : That's right. (Joey laughs, pulls it off, then does a high-pitched whine.) [Cut to Living Room, Rachel is trying to close the door on Ross.]
Monica : What?
Monica : (going over to listen at the door) Rachel said everything was okay.
Monica : Oh my God.
Monica : Oh!! (hits Chandler and Joey in the head) You guys knew about this and you didn't tell us?!
Monica : (stopping him) What, what are you doing? You can't go out there.
Monica : Because they'll know we've been listening. [Cut to Living Room]
Monica : What if they don't? (Long pause.)
Monica : Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
Monica : (closing the fridge in disgust) Shoot! We?re out of soda.
Monica : Really?!
Monica : Sweety, what are you talking about?
Monica : Oh.
Monica : Ennnh.
Monica : (screaming in pain) Ow!! Ow!!!
Monica : Jellyfish sting! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!
Monica : It?s like two miles!
Monica : Oh damn the jellyfish. Damn all the jellyfish!
Monica : What?! What is it?!
Monica : What?!! Gross!!
Monica : Well forget it! It doesn?t hurt that (tries to take a step) baaad!!!!
Monica : Nothing, I don?t know.
Monica : Nothing. I?m gonna take a shower.
Monica : Pass the cheese, please. (Joey hands her the cheese without looking at her.)
Monica : My God, you can?t even look at me! Can you?
Monica : What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me. Ross and
Monica : (stopping him) No! Joey, we swore we?d never tell!
Monica : (interrupting) All right!! All right. (walks slowly into the living room) I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn?t stand. I-I couldn?t walk.
Monica : I was in too much pain.
Monica : You can?t say that!! You-you don?t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn?t...bend that way. So... (looks at Joey.) Phoebe, Ross, and
Monica : You bet. [cut back to Rachel?s bedroom with both of them hurriedly getting dressed]
Monica : Hey!!
Monica : (sets down some cards) Gin.
Monica : Will you stop!
Monica : Yesss!!
Monica : Shhh!
Monica : Chip, is Chip Matthews.
Monica : ?Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
Monica : I know!! (calls him) (on phone) Chip? Hi! It?s Monica. (listens) ?Kay. (listens) ?Kay. (listens) Okay. (listens) Okay, good-bye. (hangs up) Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!! (goes into her room as Rachel enters)
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Now? Is it okay if I go out with Chip Matthews?
Monica : What, that little thing at the prom?
Monica : Come on, that was back in high school! How could that still bother you?
Monica : Look, you and I went to different high schools...
Monica : You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip?s motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
Monica : It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
Monica : Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he?s-he?s called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
Monica : Oh, really?!
Monica : I?ll try.
Monica : Why can?t you use the phone in here?
Monica : Ross, don?t start.
Monica : Oh, but it?s made her so happy.
Monica : He is right, isn?t he?
Monica : Hi!
Monica : (sliding into Joey?s place on the couch to try and talk to Phoebe) Huh? What?d ya say Joe? I?ll be right there. (gets up and joins Joey) (Rachel and Chandler slide into position.)
Monica : (running from the bathroom to her room, wearing only a towel) Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! (gets to her room and closes the door, as Rachel gets up to answer the door.)
Monica : Oh my God! You still have the Chipper!
Monica : That?s what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you?re Chip. Nevermind.
Monica : Wow! A lipper from Chipper.
Monica : Umm. Well, there?s Rachel, and umm, I think that?s it. How bout you?
Monica : Is that all?
Monica : Ohh, how is he?
Monica : Isn?t he an architect now?
Monica : Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, ?cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don?t even know where you work?
Monica : I do?
Monica : You still work at the multiplex?
Monica : Thanks, I?m set. Do you still live with your parents?
Monica : (entering) Oh my God! What happened?
Monica : Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
Monica : Well, tonight, I actually went out with Chip Matthews in high school.
Monica : No, it?s okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.
Monica : I know!
Monica : Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.
Monica : Me too. (they all leave)
Monica : (Entering from her bedroom) How desperate am I?
Monica : I just told my Mom I?d cater a party for her.
Monica : Because I need the money, and I thought that it?d be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
Monica : You don?t have to stick up for her. She can?t here you.
Monica : Doing great, the quiches are coming along. Mrs.
Monica : Yeah, I thought it was cute. Mrs.
Monica : Let me ask you a question. Mrs.
Monica : Why did you hire me? Mrs.
Monica : (to Phoebe) Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I?m good.
Monica : Oh yeah, she didn?t hire me out of pity, it wasn?t so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I?m good.
Monica : ?I think he deserves a Nobel Prize. (Joey starts to nod ?Yes.?)
Monica : What?
Monica : Oh, I know, I never wear fake ones. I just did it so my Mom wouldn?t give me grief about me biting them.
Monica : (Looks at her nails) Oh my God. Wait a minute, I had them put? (realises) Oh my God! It?s in the quiche! Oh My God!
Monica : Okay ah, please don?t freak out. Umm, but ah, there?s a blue fingernail in one of the quiche cups, and there?s no way to know which one.
Monica : Then why are you laughing? Mrs.
Monica : What? You bet I?d lose a nail? Mrs.
Monica : Frozen lasagnas? Mrs.
Monica : You bet that I?d screw up?! So all that stuff about hiring me because I was good was? Mrs.
Monica : You promised Dr. Weinburg, you?d never use that phrase. Mrs.
Monica : (laughs) That?s right. My Mom doesn?t have any faith in me! Oh, that?s hilarious! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Monica : (interrupting) No! You have lasagnas! (Storms out and an awkward silence follows.)
Monica : Hi.
Monica : Ohh, I?m such an idiot. I can?t believe I actually thought she could change.
Monica : Oh good, I?m glad that?s catching on.
Monica : What?
Monica : (getting up) All right, I?ll go down there. But, I?m not gonna serve the lasagna. I?m gonna serve something I make. (She exits and Phoebe goes over and sits down at the machine that works your shoulders and tries to do one, which she does, easily.)
Monica : Well?
Monica : Really?!
Monica : Yes!!
Monica : And you? Mrs.
Monica : So if everyone liked it, and you liked it, that would make this a success. Which would make you? Mrs.
Monica : Well, I was going for wrong, but we can use your word. Mrs.
Monica : Wow!
Monica : That really means a lot. Oh, and Mom, don?t bite your nails.
Monica : (in a sexy voice) Hello, Chandler. (Phoebe has a huge smile on her face.)
Monica : Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Monica : Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War? (Joey is pissed)
Monica : Rachel!
Monica : You just put an empty carton back in the fridge!
Monica : Have you ever taken out the trash? (Hands her the garbage.)
Monica : Third door on the left.
Monica : God! If you?re gonna cry about it! (She grabs the box and goes to through it out.] OPENING CREDITS
Monica : Joey, please don?t do that. I think it?s best that we just forget about it.
Monica : (Picking up a card from Chandler?s wallet.) My God! Is this a gym card?
Monica : What?s the matter?
Monica : So do them for free.
Monica : Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.
Monica : You?re gonna do some feet flirtin?!
Monica : What a minute, what did he say?
Monica : I told you not to go down there!
Monica : Rachel always cries!
Monica : Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you?ve never sucked before!
Monica : His dancing partner?!
Monica : Oh, would you let it go already?! You?re fine! (Chandler and Ross enter)
Monica : Wait, now so you joined the gym? (Rachel starts to laugh.)
Monica : Well, you could actually go to the gym. (Chandler and Ross both laugh)
Monica : Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
Monica : Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?
Monica : Yes you did! You did like a little hop.
Monica : (laughing harder) You know the words! You are so into this!
Monica : All right, then show me some manly moves.
Monica : So you didn?t leave the bank?
Monica : Oh my Gosh!
Monica : Just go up to her and ask her out. (Chandler laughs) Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
Monica : Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
Monica : Just be yourself. But, not too much.
Monica : That cold makes you sound so great.
Monica : Y'know what, I like Kathy.
Monica : (turning around and doing that, "I'm making out with someone," thing with her hands) Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh! (She turns around and sees Gunther staring at her and stops suddenly.)
Monica : Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Rachel's not here.
Monica : How's it going with her?
Monica : Hi, Josh.
Monica : So, did you play in college? (She points to his NYU Soccer (football for the rest of the world) sweatshirt he's wearing.)
Monica : Very!
Monica : It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
Monica : Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.
Monica : Phoebe, you'll catch pneumonia.
Monica : (sneezes) Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.
Monica : (lying on the couch suffering from her cold) Ross isn't here.
Monica : What?
Monica : Why?
Monica : Thank you so much Phoebe.
Monica : What are you doing with those?!
Monica : Sorry, Phoebe.
Monica : Umm. (nodding her head, "Good.") (Monica sets the soup down and Phoebe picks it up and licks the rim.)
Monica : Ohhhh!! Gross!!
Monica : No, sorry.
Monica : Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
Monica : Ross, cough drops, please?
Monica : (interrupting) You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
Monica : And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!' (Ross starts laughing)
Monica : That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
Monica : Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?
Monica : (Entering from her bedroom, talking on the phone) Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye. (To the gang) I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.
Monica : Sixty guests.
Monica : Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
Monica : I don't know.
Monica : Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.
Monica : Well, you're not working either.
Monica : Yeah, that'd be great! Thank you! [Joey enters]
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow--the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Monica : Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff. (Picks up two frying pans) Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
Monica : Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look--I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Oh, is everything in the car?
Monica : No. I hate this part.
Monica : No, that's not mine.
Monica : Excuse me, Mrs. Burkart? Well, we're all cleaned up in the kitchen. Mrs.
Monica : Um, and, well there's the.. the the small matter of... Mrs.
Monica : Just the matter of ...payment? Mrs.
Monica : Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.
Monica : What?
Monica : Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?
Monica : Phoebe, she sounded pretty upset to me. [cut to the living room where Mrs. Burkart is now performing.] Mrs.
Monica : Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!
Monica : I'm gonna leave some cards here. Please think of us for you next event.
Monica : Oh, that's great! Congratulations!
Monica : Oh, it was great! The widow wouldn't pay, so Phoebe yelled at her 'til she did.
Monica : And I'm a wuss. And we should be partners.
Monica : Wait a minute, Phoebe! We should be partners. We should be catering partners. I mean, think about it! You're not working right now, and we have such a great time together!
Monica : I can cook and you can take care of the money.
Monica : Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
Monica : Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh, would it be okay if I cleaned it? [Cheryl shrugs, shuts the door, looking puzzled]
Monica : Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
Monica : He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : (At a loss for words) Boy, that was-that was, umm? terrific.
Monica : Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
Monica : (to Rachel and Phoebe) Y'know, there?s a Starbucks about three blocks down.
Monica : (to Phoebe) Hey, aren?t you up next?
Monica : Phoebe, Ross sucks!
Monica : Okay. Umm, Phoebe, you suck too.
Monica : Yeah! Joey has the best boyfriend ever!
Monica : Are you serious?
Monica : You obviously haven?t screwed over a lot of your friends. (They all look at her) Which we all appreciate.
Monica : He loves you.
Monica : I remember you did.
Monica : (removing ear plugs) What?
Monica : Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time.
Monica : We haven?t eaten yet!
Monica : Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
Monica : Who cares? He works in a museum!
Monica : What is wrong with this freezer?! (She jabs her arm into the freezer and a piece of ice flies into her eye.) Ow! Ow!!
Monica : Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
Monica : Oh, y?know what, I can?t, it really kills.
Monica : No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can?t go to him when I don?t have a boyfriend!
Monica : Like I remember his office number! (Pause) Speed dial 7.
Monica : Yes!!
Monica : Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?
Monica : Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
Monica : I was probably waiting for it to open.
Monica : You look great too.
Monica : So how does it look?
Monica : Like a pirate?!
Monica : Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? (He looks at her) Come on, one of us had to mention him.
Monica : Oh. Big family dinner tonight?
Monica : No way!
Monica : (disappointed) Oh.
Monica : (happy) Oh.
Monica : (sympathetic) Oh. (in a pirate?s voice) So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?
Monica : I know.
Monica : Why is it sick?
Monica : Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don?t you?
Monica : Me going out with Richard?s son.
Monica : Fine! Judge all you want to but, (points to Ross) married a lesbian, (points to Rachel) left a man at the altar, (points to Phoebe) fell in love with a gay ice dancer, (points to Joey) threw a girl?s wooden leg in a fire, (points to Chandler) livin? in a box!! (goes to her room)
Monica : (running in from her bedroom) I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! (opens the door) Hi, Tim.
Monica : Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.
Monica : And Joey.
Monica : My brother, Ross.
Monica : And Rachel. (Chandler clears his voice loudly) And that?s Chandler.
Monica : Umm, well, he?s?
Monica : All right everybody, this turkey is ready!
Monica : Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
Monica : See he?s nice. Right?
Monica : I saved you a seat. (Motions to the one next to her.)
Monica : Oh-ho-ho, we?ve got company.
Monica : (putting off her coat) Ooh, this always happens. (Her coat gets stuck.)
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : Y?know all my friends think this is weird.
Monica : I know! I mean it?s like me and your dad, that?s a totally separate thing.
Monica : We?re just two people who find each other very attractive. Right? (Tim leans in to kiss her. They stop, and when he tries to kiss her again, Monica pulls away.)
Monica : Nothing. Nothing.
Monica : No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss?
Monica : (interrupting) Don?t say it!
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : I know! (They both shiver in horror.) [cut to later, Tim has left. Monica is still shivering. There?s a knock on the door.]
Monica : Oh, he?s catching up to her!
Monica : Come on, no peeking! (They are leading the gang out with there hands over their eyes.)
Monica : All right, umm, we?re not gonna really keep it this way though.
Monica : (to Phoebe) Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
Monica : Well, I?m gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
Monica : Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence? dozens of people.
Monica : Oh no-no-no, it?s only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
Monica : Oh.
Monica : All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
Monica : Hey! My first review is out!
Monica : All right, look at my on the back page.
Monica : Hey, they don?t pay me a penny a word to make friends.
Monica : Oh! Do you need me to go with you?
Monica : Haven?t we made this decision?
Monica : Bye!
Monica : (answering it) Who is it?
Monica : Oh my God.
Monica : Oh my God, oh my God. (on intercom) Call me on the phone!
Monica : Look, I-I?m never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.
Monica : No! Phoebe!
Monica : I couldn?t eat it! I had five friends who couldn?t eat it, and one of them eats books.
Monica : The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
Monica : All right, that I?ll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn?t it. You?re marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
Monica : Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
Monica : Hand me those tomatoes, I?m gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
Monica : Okay, the owner of Allesandro?s came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Monica : Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
Monica : You got the job?! Why didn?t you tell me?
Monica : Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that. (Rachel excuses herself) Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
Monica : I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it?s snowballing, y?know?
Monica : I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro?s.
Monica : It?s okay, ?cause y'know what? You don?t really need me for the business.
Monica : All right. But umm, I-I-I?ll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
Monica : Phoebe, wait a minute! (runs after her, leaving Rachel alone)
Monica : (entering) Ohh, here you are. Y?know, I?m-I?m glad you decided to hear me out.
Monica : I?ve been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
Monica : Or! A bakery delivery person.
Monica : Pizza?!
Monica : All right, I?ve got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I?m getting the feeling that you don?t want to deliver.
Monica : Okay. I?m guessing that if you don?t want to deliver, you probably don?t want to pick stuff up either.
Monica : Y?know what, let?s do the catering business.
Monica : Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y?know what, it?d be, it?d be fun.
Monica : Really?!
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
Monica : I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this (puts on her chef hat) on my chef?s hat. (The hat says ?Quit, bitch?)
Monica : I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me. (Joey laughs and Monica glares at him.)
Monica : I mean they?re trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I?ve been waiting for my whole life.
Monica : I would love too, but I can?t! I mean I just can?t, you know that I?m not good at confrontation.
Monica : That?s a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?
Monica : All right, you?re hired!
Monica : Didn?t your dad used to call you Pumpkin?
Monica : (getting up) All right, I?m gonna go to work. Does anybody have a problem with that?
Monica : You want a problem? I?ll give you a problem!
Monica : You bet your ass, I?m gonna fire you! Thank you.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : They baked it. I can?t take this anymore. I?m gonna call a meeting tonight, I?m gonna fire you tonight.
Monica : What are you doing?!
Monica : Thanks. (Joey?s still patting the burn spot) I think you got it!
Monica : Hey, Joey, could you pass the cheese?
Monica : Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight?s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag?Why is nobody writing these down? The
Monica : Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night? The
Monica : Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here?s the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm, (quietly) tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere? The
Monica : (louder) A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here. (She holds her hand over her head as an afterthought.) From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!! (Joey looks at the money he?s holding, and doesn?t speak up.) Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Monica : What the hell happened?!
Monica : Joey, we had a deal. That-that?s why you?re here! I?ve got to fire you!
Monica : What kinda things have you been saying?
Monica : I need more swordfish. (to one of the assistant chefs) Can you get me some more swordfish? Kitchen
Monica : You did a minute ago! Kitchen
Monica : Fine! (She goes into the freezer to get it herself, and leaves the door open. The waiter from earlier comes by and closes the door.)
Monica : Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I?m cold! (She spills something.) And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out! (the door opens) The
Monica : That?s not funny. The
Monica : (starting to cry) I?m a good person. And I?m a good chef, and I don?t deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y?know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is?
Monica : You do?
Monica : Well if you want a problem? I?ll give you a problem!
Monica : You bet your ass I?m gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! (Joey leaves) All right! Anybody else got a problem? How ?bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now? The
Monica : How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it?s funny now? The
Monica : Good! Now, take those salads to table 4, (to the kitchen worker from earlier) And you! Get the swordfish! (to another assistant chef) And you! Get a haircut!
Monica : Thanks.
Monica : Enough!
Monica : No, you messed it up. You?re stupid.
Monica : Are you serious?
Monica : What did you tell them?
Monica : Yeah, like you?re gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.
Monica : We just want you to think it through.
Monica : I am so jealous.
Monica : In the beginning where y?know it?s all sex and talking and sex and talking and?
Monica : And the sex?
Monica : Then what is it?
Monica : So big deal, so Joey?s had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn?t mean he?s great in bed.
Monica : Sweetie, with you it?s gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, ?cause you-you guys are in love.
Monica : Yeah, you should.
Monica : Go on.
Monica : I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : What?!
Monica : (to Chandler) So, did you do it?
Monica : Uh-oh, it was bad?
Monica : Well, it was the first time. Y?know, there?s not always a lot of agreement the first time.
Monica : All right, I?m gonna show you something a lot of guys don?t know. Rach, give me that pad, please? (She does so and Monica starts drawing on it) All right. Now?
Monica : Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. (She starts labelling them) You got one, two three, four (Chandler is shocked to find out there?s more than three), five, six, and seven!
Monica : It?s kind of an important one!
Monica : (continuing) Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set up camp.
Monica : All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit ?em all, and you mix ?em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
Monica : All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, (Rachel starts getting worked up) 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, ?7..?7?7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7?(mouths 7)! (They both lean back on the couch satisfied.)
Monica : Y?know, I never saw that.
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : It?s gonna be so great. Phoebe
Monica : Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?
Monica : What if I asked?
Monica : Really?
Monica : No.
Monica : Boy, you are really not a morning person.
Monica : What kind of changes?
Monica : Oh, good luck.
Monica : That is sooo not true!
Monica : I just?I can?t believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Deal!
Monica : Ha-ha!
Monica : Aww, man!
Monica : That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
Monica : Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
Monica : Are you scared?
Monica : Ross will do it.
Monica : You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Monica : Same category?
Monica : Michael Flatley, Lord of the Dance!
Monica : No!!
Monica : I knew that! Rachel! Use you?re head!
Monica : Viva Las Gaygas!
Monica : You guys are dead, I am so good at lighting rounds.
Monica : Huh, wanna bet?
Monica : How about we play for more money, say 150?
Monica : You?re doing it again.
Monica : We won?t. (to Chandler) 300?
Monica : I?m just trying to spice it up!
Monica : I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
Monica : Deal! Commercial Break
Monica : Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand. (Holds up her hand.)
Monica : No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.
Monica : Come on!
Monica : Come on! (As they change places, they give each other the now patented Ross maneuver. If you don?t know what that means, click here to find out The One With Joey's New Girlfriend.)
Monica : Sandwiches!
Monica : Maurice.
Monica : And processing.
Monica : It?s umm, it has something to do with transponding.
Monica : That?s not even a word! I can get this! I can get this! (Ross stops the clock, signifying the end of the lightning round.)
Monica : NOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
Monica : Man, I feel like I?m coming down with something.
Monica : Yeah. (to Chandler) I bet you can?t guess what color my tonsils are? I?ll bet the apartment!
Monica : How do you feel?
Monica : Really?! How much?!
Monica : Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would?ve made them get rid of the birds. Right?
Monica : All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it?s all your fault.
Monica : Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
Monica : Well?
Monica : It?s only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Monica : Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Monica : I?ll take care of it.
Monica : I lost our mattresses. [Cut to still later, Rachel has now resigned herself to move and is now helping Monica. Phoebe is still on the chair.]
Monica : Hey! Frank and
Monica : Hey, don?t mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
Monica : Hey, we would still be living here if hadn?t gotten the question wrong!
Monica : I can?t find garbage bags!
Monica : What is it?!
Monica : I can?t believe we?re living here!
Monica : Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?
Monica : Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just?(Rachel grunts and throws her purse at it)?throw your purses at it.
Monica : Oh my God, are you out of a job?
Monica : Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can?t eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
Monica : If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that?s your department now. (She takes back the turkey leg) (Joey climbs up on the counter and starts looking at the top of the cabinets.)
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : You made pancakes?
Monica : Okay. (She does so and starts to walk towards Joey to receive her pancakes.)
Monica : Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.
Monica : The players.
Monica : (laughs) Please, it?s a relief is what it is, is what it is.
Monica : Fresh cookies! Hot from the oven!
Monica : Please, have some!
Monica : Yeah, I?ve just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
Monica : Yeah, it?s just something I picked up.
Monica : Wait! Wait! This isn?t take-out!
Monica : No, wait, please don?t go! I?ve got porn for you too!
Monica : People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
Monica : I?m the hostess! Not those guys! I?m always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
Monica : ?Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I?m-I?m done now. They?ve suffered enough.
Monica : All right then, when I?m done with this place, it?s gonna be ten times better than that place!
Monica : Are you sure?
Monica : Nah, I got it.
Monica : (entering) Okay, it?s ready. Come on.
Monica : Just come. (They all go over to her apartment.)
Monica : Pretty much. (to Joey) So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
Monica : You used to have carpet.
Monica : So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? I?m just gonna rest my eyes just a little bit.
Monica : Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. I?m always the hostess. (Chandler returns.)
Monica : Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do? ?
Monica : Didn't it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did? ?
Monica : They wouldn't have put it there if it didn't do something! How can you not care? ?
Monica : Janice??! ?
Monica : How have you been? ?
Monica : Done? ?
Monica : This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is. ?
Monica : Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. (She flips on the switch and a hum starts.) I hear something! I hear something! Where is it? (They all start looking until Rachel realises it's Joey.) ?
Monica : He asked you out?! ?
Monica : Saucy! ?
Monica : Electrical plans for the building. ?
Monica : I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours. ?
Monica : Hi! ?
Monica : Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think? ? (Rachel rips one of the wall and finds a huge hole underneath.) ?
Monica : No-no-no, no! ? (Rachel rips off another one, revealing another hole. Rachel then moves onto a third one, but this one doesn't have a hole underneath it.) ?
Monica : I know that there's no hole there, I just really liked that picture. ? (Rachel looks at it and then throws it away. She then removes a fourth one, revealing a third hole.) ?
Monica : Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something! ?
Monica : I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did. ?
Monica : No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs. ? (Rachel removes a paper on the floor which is covering a hole and gasps.) ?
Monica : But it didn't. Say hello to Mrs. Catrokis. ?
Monica : All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up. ?
Monica : I guess Joey was right, it does nothing. (Coupure vers l'appartement de Joey et Chandler. Joey et Phoebe regardent la tele. Elle s'eteint et s'allume. A chaque fois, Phoebe cligne des yeux. En fait, l'interrupteur contr?le la prise de courant o? la tele est branchee). ?
Monica : Y?know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people?s sex clothes.
Monica : Um-hmm.
Monica : Well, you?re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
Monica : Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you (Points at Rachel) bitched about it, then you (Points to herself) would stop cooking, and you (Points at Rachel) would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Monica : So, you wore your nightie to dinner?
Monica : Oh, no!
Monica : Emily?s straight.
Monica : This totally makes sense!
Monica : Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren?t jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
Monica : This is so much fun!
Monica : Look, all we?re trying to say is, don?t let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Monica : Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.
Monica : Y?know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Shut up! This place is a hole! OPENING
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : Hey, guys, what-what should I wear to a Knicks game?
Monica : Yeah, apparently, they?re pretty good seats.
Monica : Yeah, what, do you think we?re stupid?
Monica : What do you say?
Monica : Have you even had a girl up here?
Monica : (entering with Rachel) All right boys, last chance for the tickets!
Monica : All right, so what do you say?
Monica : Oh, just do it!!
Monica : They?re green?
Monica : That?s not even a game!
Monica : You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
Monica : Oh, good.
Monica : Okay. (She picks a card.) Four.
Monica : Because we won our apartment back!
Monica : No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four! (They all look to Phoebe to settle this.)
Monica : But, we pick again! We pick again!
Monica : I don?t know!
Monica : We?ll discuss it, in the morning! (Slams the door shut.)
Monica : No, we?re not! We?re not leaving!
Monica : As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute. [Time lapse. The guys are entering their apartment.]
Monica : Men are such idiots.
Monica : Yeah, let-let-let?s pretend that?s not true.
Monica : What-what?s going on?
Monica : When, when did-how, how did you...
Monica : (to Ross) I can?t believe you?re getting married!
Monica : Chandler, that?s like your fourth cup of coffee!
Monica : He?s in a different room! He?s really that loud?
Monica : Y?know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over...
Monica : He would just roll me over and I would stop snoring.
Monica : Have you guys picked a date yet?
Monica : Ugh, she?s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I?m not doing them this time! I don?t care if those dishes sit in the sink until they?re all covered with-I?ll do them when I get home!
Monica : I?ll pick it up for you!
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Oh my God! Ohh! Look at this one! It?s so beautiful!
Monica : Oh, yes, umm, I?m here to pick up a dress that you have on hold. The
Monica : Emily Waltham. The
Monica : (laughs) Okay. [Time lapse. Monica is wearing the dress and starring at herself in the mirror.]
Monica : I am, aren?t I? The
Monica : Yes? The
Monica : All right. (Goes to take off the dress.) The
Monica : Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does. (Looks at the wedding dress and stops.) [Time lapse, Monica is now wearing the dress while doing the dishes and is making like she is thanking her guests for coming to her wedding. Paging Dr. Crane. Dr. Fraiser Crane!]
Monica : Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming. (There?s a knock on the door.) Uh, just a second!
Monica : Phoebe?
Monica : Can you just hold on for one minute?
Monica : Are you alone?
Monica : All right. (She goes over and lets Phoebe bounce in wearing her own wedding dress.)
Monica : Okay, ready?
Monica : Okay. (She turns around and throws the bouquet to Phoebe.)
Monica : Congratulations!
Monica : Okay! My turn! My turn!
Monica : (cocking her head from side to side in some pre-bouquet-catching ritual) Yeah.
Monica : (upset) That was a terrible throw!!
Monica : Look at me! My big concern is what?s real?! (Finally realises) Oh my God. We?re really sad, aren?t we?
Monica : This isn?t even my dress.
Monica : I?m changing out of this.
Monica : In like a half-hour?
Monica : Okay, throw it straight this time.
Monica : I?m getting married next!!
Monica : Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn?t you start feeling silly?
Monica : Oh God.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : So, is Joey gonna stop snoring?
Monica : No, seriously.
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? 'Cause I don?t think you have to wear it unless you are!
Monica : Ohh, sweetie! (Goes to comfort her.) Hey, I bet you anything that he?s gonna call you again.
Monica : Again. Y?know what? I think we all did.
Monica : Hey! (She jumps up and throws Emily?s wedding dress into Rachel?s room.)
Monica : Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. (Pause) Maybe someday, there will be. (There?s a knock on the door.)
Monica : Oh God! He?s gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
Monica : No-no, Rachel, don?t get it! He can?t see us!
Monica : Rachel?!
Monica : Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor. (TO RACHEL) This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Monica : Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can?t believe my brother?s getting married! And in London! It?s so romantic!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : I never knew that either.
Monica : We?re hanging out. (Rachel starts going through her mail, and come across her invitation.)
Monica : I?m sorry honey.
Monica : Rach, you?re gonna come though aren?t you?
Monica : You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren?t there. Just say you?ll think about it, okay?
Monica : I can't believe he did this.
Monica : You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Monica : Shut up, the camera adds ten pounds.
Monica : Oh, dad, turn it off.Mr.
Monica : I can't believe you did that.
Monica : (seeing the decision) Nooooo. You?re really not going?
Monica : You don?t have a car. And your license expired.
Monica : That's also like the tenth time you told us.
Monica : What?
Monica : I thought that was a good thing.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Yeah, there's one right under the cabinet.
Monica : Why do you need it?
Monica : What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you're having a party and we're not invited?
Monica : Sooo?
Monica : Nooo!
Monica : The baby shower for Phoebe!
Monica : Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! (She shows Rachel what she bought. She bought a little leather jacket and a little cowboy outfit for the babies.) Can you believe they make these for little people?
Monica : Okay, look at this one. This is my favourite. (It's a little pink and white dress for the girl baby.)
Monica : I know! Phoebe is gonna love dressing them in these!
Monica : Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.
Monica : Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Monica : Oh, she's gonna love that!
Monica : Hi Phoebe.
Monica : Hormones.
Monica : Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?
Monica : Here's your tea Phoebe. (They give it to her and quickly take a step back.)
Monica : I'm so glad you liked it.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Monica : Rachel, get the book! The book!
Monica : The Bible?!
Monica : How do you feel?
Monica : Some moms do that.
Monica : Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
Monica : I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Oh, sweetie! (They all hug.)
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!! (She runs back to her apartment.)
Monica : Passport, check! (As she puts away each item, she says check.) Camera, check! Traveller's cheques, check!
Monica : Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check! (pause) My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Yep! You got the tickets?
Monica : Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator...
Monica : Yeah, okay, give that a try!
Monica : All right, y'know what? We really are late! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!!
Monica : Chicken Kiev?
Monica : Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella. (Ross pushes her.) So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
Monica : It's nice.
Monica : (entering) Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
Monica : They torn it down a few days early.
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : (laughs) Yes, I did! And you are welcome!
Monica : Umm...
Monica : She said that?!
Monica : Why?!
Monica : Oh my God. You're even dumber than I am!
Monica : Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Monica : Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake (Starting to cry), with the little people on top. (Ross gets thrown a box of Kleenex from the bathroom and he gives her one.) Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Monica : Sometimes we were.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : You'll see.
Monica : And the musicians, look, they can go over here (Points to a little alcove), okay? And the chairs can face this way (Points), and... (Points to Ross) You go.
Monica : Ohh. And I don't even have a date.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Monica : Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries. (Ross quickly directs the families to their tables.)
Monica : (Looking nauseous from her parents kissing.) And I'm going to go get drunk. (Gets up to get a drink.)
Monica : I was laughing. (Patting him on the knee.)
Monica : Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
Monica : My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy. (A drunken man approaches.) I'm not going to let anything spoil that. Drunk
Monica : Well, thanks, we like him. Drunk
Monica : Then why would he say it?
Monica : Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.
Monica : Ohh, Please?! I'm a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!
Monica : (Comes up for below the covers and looks concerned.) Do you think he knew I was here? (Chandler quickly looks at Monica not knowing what to say.) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Monica : (In am uneasy voice.) Nope. (She chuckles uneasily.)
Monica : Yep, yep...You?
Monica : Well...I'd better get going.
Monica : (Scoots towards the side of the bed.) Could you not look?
Monica : Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good. Mrs.
Monica : (Angrily.) You can let some of them go by!(Judy and Andrea go to the front of the chapel. Joey approaches Monica.)
Monica : (Awkwardly.) Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don't even like Chandler.
Monica : Stupid.
Monica : What were we thinking?
Monica : Oh yeah. Definitely. (They quickly take their places and Here Comes the Bride Begins to play. Everyone seated looks back. Emily is being escorted up the aisle by her father. She kisses him on the cheek and takes her place by Ross's side.)
Monica : Hey.
Monica : I know. How could we have let this happen?
Monica : Ugh! Well, y'know, we were away...
Monica : I blame London.
Monica : So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Monica : Only here.
Monica : I'll meet you there in two minutes.
Monica : (impatiently) Now?
Monica : Oh, I-I don't know.
Monica : Just uh, do the right thing. (Uses some breath spray)
Monica : Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box! (Tries to leave, but is stopped by Rachel.)
Monica : Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realize that, I can't help you.
Monica : Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Monica : Why?! Mr.
Monica : Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Monica : That's true.
Monica : Oh my God, Rachel! Hi!
Monica : Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
Monica : (elbows him) Fifteen minutes.
Monica : Great...
Monica : But my clothes are-ohh! (They both leave.) (Cut to Chandler's room, he opens the door slowly to see if Joey is there and after seeing that he isn't, ushers Monica into the room, closes the door, and the security bar.)
Monica : No time for that! (They both start to frantically rip each other's clothes off, but are interrupted when Joey tries to open the door.)
Monica : Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
Monica : You really think this is okay?
Monica : Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
Monica : Okay!
Monica : You didn't find her?
Monica : Yeah, I think you should keep looking!
Monica : Or 45.
Monica : Well, it's getting late.
Monica : Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
Monica : I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Monica : Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
Monica : I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?
Monica : I know!
Monica : Phoebe, I did not have sex.
Monica : Well, we certainly are alone.
Monica : Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Monica : Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Monica : (laughs) That's okay.
Monica : And you're cute too.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : That counts!
Monica : You look cute in bubbles.
Monica : Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Monica : Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
Monica : Bodington's!
Monica : Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually, (Checks watch) she should be here by now.
Monica : No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
Monica : Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Monica : I'll do it!
Monica : Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.
Monica : Honey, sweetie, by the edges.
Monica : Ohh. (Monica covers her eyes in horror.)
Monica : Sweetie! Edges! Fingers! Smudgey! Pictures!
Monica : Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
Monica : If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther! (Gunther turns to listen in.) I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
Monica : (Interrupting) Oh, what about that guy over there? (She points at another guy and Gunther is deflated.) Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
Monica : You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
Monica : We got out pictures back from London. (Shows her one.) Here's all of us at the Tower of London.
Monica : What happened?
Monica : See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!
Monica : What took you so long?
Monica : Oh, good. (They start kissing and turn around so that Chandler is facing the door. And Chandler sees Rachel, Phoebe, and Joey walk in and quickly ends the kiss with Monica.)
Monica : Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London.
Monica : (Poking her head in) Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Monica : What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Monica : I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Monica : (Gasps) What?!! You cannot tell him that!!
Monica : I make the decisions, and I say no.
Monica : You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
Monica : Rachel!! Come on! Let me in!
Monica : Rachel locked the door.
Monica : Rachel! Let me in! Rachel! [Cut to inside the apartment, Ross decides to let Monica in and goes over and opens the door in mid-pound.]
Monica : Thank you. Rachel, can I talk to you outside for a sec?
Monica : I really need to talk to you.
Monica : Okay, I will. Remember that thing that we just discussed that you wanted to do?
Monica : Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might (Turns to look at Ross) end up hurting.
Monica : All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Monica : Please!
Monica : Joey, I'm in!
Monica : Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic (Phoebe gasps), in Central Park!
Monica : Makes me wanna puke! (Chandler looks at her, quizzically.)
Monica : Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
Monica : Come on Rach, let's go.
Monica : No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.
Monica : Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
Monica : Okay. I-I can't watch. (Leaves as sits down to read the paper.)
Monica : Oh my God! You're water broke! The
Monica : I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!
Monica : Do you know anything about women?
Monica : That's all right.
Monica : Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.
Monica : Oh man! I did it again!
Monica : What?
Monica : That's what it sounded like.
Monica : Umm. (Looks at Chandler who is using the phone.) Umm. Umm. I don't think so.
Monica : Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Monica : Harder than it sounds. Isn't it?
Monica : Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Monica : Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Monica : Feeling a little better sweetie?
Monica : Me too.
Monica : (entering with Chandler) Hey!
Monica : (To Phoebe) How are you doing?
Monica : Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
Monica : Chandler!
Monica : So, why wait 'til Saturday, are you free tomorrow?
Monica : Oh, great!
Monica : Bye Dan!
Monica : Great! (Dan leaves as Chandler enters.)
Monica : Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Monica : I think you're better than you think you are.
Monica : (interrupting) Know when to stop.
Monica : Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen. (They kiss and as she starts to leave, Chandler starts to dance. Without turning around.) Don't do the dance.
Monica : I think you're my favorite.
Monica : I don't care.
Monica : Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!
Monica : (In a sexy voice) Come in. I've been waiting for you. (Rachel enters.)
Monica : (pulling on a robe) Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.
Monica : Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work. (Thinks) I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
Monica : Uh-huh, that one!
Monica : (Panicking) Okay, umm, okay, umm... (Rachel opens the door.) It's just Joey and Ross.
Monica : But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
Monica : Vomit tux? Who vomited on-y'know what, what you up to Joe?
Monica : Oh that's great!
Monica : What's wrong with PBS?
Monica : Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Monica : I might've said that. (Chandler laughs.) Why is that funny?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : That's great!
Monica : What?!
Monica : But you live here! (Ross rolls his eyes.) You know that.
Monica : Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
Monica : Sure!
Monica : Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.
Monica : Great!
Monica : What?! You can't-what did you tell her?
Monica : Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.
Monica : No, you cannot.
Monica : (answering it) Hello.
Monica : Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
Monica : (Looking at the TV) You're not on TV.
Monica : (entering) Hi Chandler.
Monica : Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
Monica : William Sonoma, fall catalog, Page 27.
Monica : Yeah, so?
Monica : Y'know what, champ? I think I'll pass.
Monica : Why? (She hops into the living room and imitates Chandler's happy dance.)
Monica : A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
Monica : All right, let me see. (She grabs the 8 ball.) Will Chandler have sex tonight? (Reads the answer.) Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
Monica : Keep talking.
Monica : Really?
Monica : Well, if we owe it? (She throws down her cleaning stuff and jumps into his arms.) Oh my... When is Joey gonna be home?
Monica : But, I just cleaned the bathroom.
Monica : Yeah. (She takes them off.) (He carries her over to the door and opens it.)
Monica : Okay. (He starts to carry her into the hallway but hits her head on the door.)
Monica : Ow!
Monica : I know! (He carries her into the hall.)
Monica : Never done that before.
Monica : (quietly) Hi!
Monica : Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.
Monica : I'm really getting tired of sneaking around.
Monica : All weekend? That's a whole lotta naked.
Monica : Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!
Monica : Wait! What about Joey? (Chandler opens the bathroom door to reveal Joey passed out on the toilet with a toothbrush in his mouth.) Opening Credits
Monica : (entering from her room) Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
Monica : Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : No, she's out shopping.
Monica : Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Monica : Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Monica : Ooh, candy bars, crossword puzzles...
Monica : Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.
Monica : Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!
Monica : Come here. (He does, and they kiss.) Okay, be right back. (Goes to the bathroom and Chandler turns on the TV and finds a high-speed police chase.)
Monica : We're switching rooms.
Monica : No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. (He glares at her.) Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
Monica : We're switching rooms again.
Monica : This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room. Hotel
Monica : (To Chandler) Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?
Monica : Chandler!
Monica : Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
Monica : Okay, this one I like!
Monica : Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Monica : Hey, don't blame me for wigging tonight!
Monica : I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Monica : We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
Monica : What did you say?
Monica : (entering) Hi!
Monica : Yeah. Umm, Chandler can I talk to you outside for a second?
Monica : Oh, it was awful. (To Chandler) I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.
Monica : Chandler! (Motions for him to come outside.)
Monica : Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
Monica : 300 dollars?!
Monica : Urghh!!
Monica : Chandler stole a twenty from my purse!
Monica : Maybe I could do it.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : You're not gonna be phased out!
Monica : Hi.
Monica : Yeah, it did.
Monica : What?
Monica : Why, exactly?
Monica : Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than-Ohhh! (They both realize something there.)
Monica : (laughs) You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
Monica : Ohh, welcome to an adult relationship! (She goes to kiss him.)
Monica : I'm afraid so.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Yeah, I saw him waiting for an elevator. (Joey thinks that sounds familiar, but dismisses the thought.)
Monica : Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.
Monica : Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Monica : Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell. (Joey thinks it over.)
Monica : I know, it's great! (She goes over and kisses Chandler.)
Monica : Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
Monica : Count in our heads as-as good Madlibs. (They putting their notepads down and get up to leave.)
Monica : Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!
Monica : What?!
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Sorry.
Monica : (To Chandler) Rachel's at work. (They both go to her apartment.) (Pause.)
Monica : Hey, what's that?
Monica : What is that?
Monica : (looking at the flyer) This is all of your things.
Monica : So basically, this is a getting-rid-of-everything-Rachel-ever-used sale.
Monica : Now calm down Joey.
Monica : Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Monica : Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
Monica : All right. (Looking through a box.) Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison? (The single light flickers and goes out. Leaving the room in total darkness.)
Monica : Oh my God! Fog him! Fog him! (Rachel grabs the bug bomb, activates it, throws it at the figure, and they both run out through the fog.)
Monica : We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
Monica : And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
Monica : Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
Monica : We're-we're really sorry we fogged you.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Wow! That guy is so rude!
Monica : Well you did a little bit.
Monica : I totally forgive you!
Monica : Yes!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Crematorium Chris? Sure!
Monica : Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
Monica : No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
Monica : God, I feel so guilty about Ross.
Monica : Whatever you decide, whatever you do.
Monica : Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Monica : Hey, look at you! Where have you been?
Monica : How did that happen?
Monica : I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.
Monica : Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
Monica : I'll get it. (On phone.) Hello. (Listens.) Hi Emily! (Listens.) Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second. (She hands the phone to Ross.)
Monica : How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
Monica : Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.
Monica : Oh, Larry.
Monica : Okay, knock yourself out, Larry. (He goes into the kitchen.)
Monica : Larry?
Monica : Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
Monica : It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it. (She heads for the kitchen door and just after she goes through the door...)
Monica : Thanks.
Monica : Hmm?
Monica : He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
Monica : Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married. (Danny enters.)
Monica : (To Monica) Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
Monica : Ohh, fun!
Monica : Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.
Monica : And you're not gonna do that.
Monica : So-so there is no party.
Monica : I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you.
Monica : Oh, thanks! We'll try to stop by.
Monica : You are?
Monica : Okay.
Monica : What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
Monica : Great. So the ball is in his court?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : I don't know, clean places?
Monica : (looking through the peephole) It's Danny.
Monica : (to Danny) We'll be right there! (To Rachel) Can't you just say it starts later?
Monica : The fake kind! (She opens the door and Rachel hides behind it.)
Monica : We have a ladle. (Gives him one.)
Monica : Okay, great! (He leaves and she closes the door.)
Monica : Just go over and say hi.
Monica : Hey, Danny!
Monica : (turns his back to the stairs) Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa. (As she's saying this Rachel tries to head downstairs but is blocked by people coming upstairs. She quickly retreats back up the stairs.) (Sees that she has to keep him distracted longer.) So umm, what's this? (Points to his plate.)
Monica : Ooooh! (Rachel now succeeds in getting downstairs.) And-and-and what-what's this? (Points again.)
Monica : (upon seeing Rachel she points) Oh.
Monica : I thought there wasn't a ball?
Monica : I think I need a drink.
Monica : Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.
Monica : That's very nice.
Monica : Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?
Monica : Oh, let's not tell this story.
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : Hey, did you get the turkey basted-Oh my God! Oh my God! (She sees someone is stuck in the turkey.) Who is that?
Monica : What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?
Monica : Well, get it off now!
Monica : Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
Monica : Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can. (Joey starts giggling.) Joey? Now is not the time!
Monica : Okay, count to three. 1. 2. 3! (They both pull but Joey slips out and starts to fall backwards just as Chandler enters, scaring him.)
Monica : That's it. That's my worse Thanksgiving.
Monica : Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
Monica : Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story! Thanksgiving 1987
Monica : I'll get it! (She runs in, and she's her old fat self like The One With The Prom Video. Not only that, she's out of breath after running a short distance. She goes over and opens the door to reveal Rachel with her old nose.) Happy Thanksgiving! Big Nosed
Monica : Oh, why? Why? What happened? Big Nosed
Monica : Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower. Big Nosed
Monica : Ross! (Wanting to be introduced.)
Monica : Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Monica : Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.
Monica : dammit! (Runs off.) (Ross points out Rachel to Chandler and goes over to talk to her. Rachel is checking out her nose in her compact mirror.)
Monica : I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson. Big Nosed
Monica : Call them mom and dad you loser!
Monica : Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?
Monica : Okay! (He gets up and walks away as Rachel come running over all excited.) Big Nosed
Monica : Oh that's so great! Big Nosed
Monica : Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything. Big Nosed
Monica : I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it! Big Nosed
Monica : No. No, thank you! Mr.
Monica : Well, I do.
Monica : Yes, it was!
Monica : (interrupting her) Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!
Monica : Hi, Chandler.
Monica : What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress? (She turns around making sure he gets a good look.)
Monica : So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner. (She heads for the kitchen and Chandler watches her leave and admires the view.) Mr.
Monica : Well it didn't!
Monica : Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
Monica : How?
Monica : What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Monica : Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
Monica : What do you mean?
Monica : (excited) I can do that!
Monica : Umm, I'd love too! (She goes over and picks up the box and decides to follow Rachel's advice and holds the box up to her cheek.) Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Monica : Boy, I love carrots! Oh! (She picks up a bunch of them and holds them between her fingers.) Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you. (She is rubbing her hip with the carrots.) Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife (She picks up a knife without putting the box down. She's holding the box between her cheek and shoulder) and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm, (Pause) my body. (She doesn't have any exposed skin within reach of the knife, so while holding the carrots in one hand and the box between her face and shoulder, she rubs the knife on her stomach.)
Monica : Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that-(She drops the box and in a reflex action tries to catch it with her arm, the knife slips out and slowly flips through the air and comes point first down into Chandler's shoe.)
Monica : Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice! (She takes a bag of ice out of her purse and hands it to the doctor.) The
Monica : What?! What is it? The
Monica : God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it! The
Monica : Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche! Mr.
Monica : I didn't mean to cut it off. It was an accident.
Monica : I'm sorry! It wasn't your whole toe!
Monica : Chandler! (Follows him out.)
Monica : Chandler, I said I was sorry.
Monica : Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?
Monica : Wait, wait, wait! (She puts a Shriner's hat on the turkey.)
Monica : Look! (She puts a big, yellow pair of sunglasses on the bird.)
Monica : I bet this will work! (She starts dancing and Chandler cracks up.)
Monica : What?
Monica : You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
Monica : Yes, you did!
Monica : You love me!
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : (entering) Thank you Joey, thank you so much!
Monica : (inspecting his leg) Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
Monica : We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Monica : We are! Help us!
Monica : Joey!
Monica : Hey, Phoebe!
Monica : Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but (motions that he can have it.)
Monica : Phoebe, you are a bad ass!
Monica : Phoebe?
Monica : Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
Monica : We're so sorry.
Monica : Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.
Monica : Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview. (Hands him a Polaroid.)
Monica : I know. (Ross walks in, eating cotton candy. Monica nudges Chandler who hides the picture in his magazine. Ross sits down on the chair, he seems kinda out of it.)
Monica : Ross, are you okay?
Monica : Why?!
Monica : A pill?
Monica : Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
Monica : (yelling and waving her hand in the air) I know! I know! I know! The
Monica : (grabbing the picture) Give me that!
Monica : It's okay! It's good! It's good. It's a disease!
Monica : Yes you are! That's the only way to explain all this stuff!
Monica : Oh no!
Monica : Yes it's true.
Monica : I guess I wanted to keep it (Pause) as a souvenir.
Monica : I guess I set up the video camera to try and entice Joey.
Monica : I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
Monica : (entering, happily) All right everybody! Everybody guess what? I just convinced Paul to give us a test next week!
Monica : You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular. (Chandler laughs.)
Monica : Danny? You know Rachel? She's nice. She's not bad to look at, right?
Monica : Do you want to go out on a date with her?
Monica : Friday's perfect...She can't wait.
Monica : (Walking in from off screen.) Phoebe!
Monica : I just wanted to see how it's going.
Monica : (Taking out her wallet.) Well good, here let me help you out.
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Yeah. I guess. (She puts more money in the bucket.)
Monica : Yes Phoebe, but this is all I have. Okay? (She pours out the rest of her change purse into the bucket.)
Monica : Hey, what's up?
Monica : Oh, honey, I'm sorry.
Monica : You had no relationship!!
Monica : Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
Monica : Come on, hurry! (Chandler runs out the door and closes it behind him. After a short pause the door opens and Chandler comes rushing back through, grabs Monica, kisses her good-bye, and heads back out.)
Monica : No.
Monica : No.
Monica : Eww!! (Throws the bucket down.)
Monica : Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : All the time. In fact, I was undefeated.
Monica : Still, I was quick as a cat.
Monica : Oh, you're kidding.
Monica : (laughing with Ross) We don't, we don't wrestle now.
Monica : Too strong for me?
Monica : You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?
Monica : Ready? (They grab a hold of each other's necks.) Wrestle! (They start wrestling.)
Monica : That was unbelievable!
Monica : Hi, how are you doing Kelly?
Monica : It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it? (They both start to read ahead.)
Monica : This is disgusting! (They both throw the scripts in his face.)
Monica : Oh no, wait! Joey! (They try to stop him, not sure of what he's planning. He ignores them and goes to talk to Ross.)
Monica : Happy New Year.
Monica : She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Monica : Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
Monica : Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
Monica : Hi Ben!
Monica : I like 'em.
Monica : I like them a lot.
Monica : It's my New Year's resolution!
Monica : No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
Monica : Thank you. (Leaves.)
Monica : (on phone) I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Monica : (on phone) Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big...
Monica : We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.
Monica : Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you! (Shows him Ben's picture.) Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
Monica : See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something. (All at once.)
Monica : Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Monica : Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Monica : I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
Monica : Ooh, and I can do this. (She kisses him on the cheek.) (They both stand real close together.)
Monica : Hi, nice to meet you!
Monica : What was that?
Monica : That noise you just made?
Monica : Really? Your work laugh?
Monica : All right, check me out.
Monica : Really?
Monica : Hey, I thought you already had one.
Monica : Hi!
Monica : What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Monica : Uhh, not much. Uh, work's good.
Monica : Okay. Umm...
Monica : Okay, what's going on with you?
Monica : Well, I-I-there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
Monica : Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?
Monica : Game!
Monica : Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
Monica : I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
Monica : Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
Monica : They have racquets don't they?!
Monica : I'll take it down to 95% but that's the best I can do. (She serves to Doug who returns it to Chandler. As it bounces over his head Chandler swings and misses.)
Monica : I got it! (She hits a forehand smash that bounces right in between Doug and Kara and scores a point.)
Monica : I got it!! (Chandler cuts in front of her and hits the ball high and long.)
Monica : I can't believe you let them win!
Monica : I was frustrated.
Monica : I was frustrated with you!
Monica : Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" (Mocks the fake laugh.) I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
Monica : I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
Monica : Oh my God! (She goes to hug him, stops short, and hits him on the shoulder.) Where the hell have you been?!!
Monica : My turn? What-what are you talking about?
Monica : What?!
Monica : Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Monica : Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big...(Thinks)...ot.
Monica : Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.
Monica : Me and Chandler?! (Does her fake laugh.)
Monica : Oh, none for me. Thanks.
Monica : (To Chandler) How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Monica : Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
Monica : I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
Monica : (interrupting) Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.
Monica : Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
Monica : I thought you could use the help.
Monica : Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
Monica : I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend. (Rachel decides not to confront them and starts to walk out, knocking over a lamp in the process.)
Monica : (entering) Joey?! Oh my God, Rachel!
Monica : Wh-wh-what are you doing here? (She tries to pull her shirt down to cover the fact that she's wearing men's boxers.]
Monica : Okay great!
Monica : Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
Monica : Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : I'll get back to my new job. (Pause.)
Monica : I can't believe we've never done this before! It's sooo good! So good for Monica! (Chandler picks up the timer being used and turns it to zero at which it chimes.)
Monica : That was a half an hour?
Monica : Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the best massages!
Monica : It's so good, isn't it?
Monica : Say good-bye to sore muscles!
Monica : (entering, in a hurry) Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
Monica : Ohh my God, I'm so sorry.
Monica : (to the guys) Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Monica : What?! What honey?
Monica : Oh, did you catch him?!
Monica : All right, let's go say good-bye. (They put on their glasses and try to find their way to their seats.)
Monica : Well, at least you scared someone.
Monica : Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.
Monica : What are you talking about?
Monica : (indignant) I give good massages! (Ross laughs.) I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch! (She starts giving Chandler a massage.)
Monica : No he's not!
Monica : What?!
Monica : You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.
Monica : But the minute we start to lie to each other... (Pauses after she realizes what she's saying.) And by 'we' I mean society.
Monica : No.
Monica : Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me-just say, "I don't like your massages."
Monica : (starting to cry) See? It's no big deal.
Monica : I'm not crying about that! I'm crying about something that happened at work.
Monica : (bursting into tears) My boyfriend said he didn't like my massages.
Monica : Oh my God! You don't know me at all!
Monica : I'm crying here!!
Monica : Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
Monica : So maybe they could umm, call the award the Monica?
Monica : Okay. I suck!
Monica : Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
Monica : You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
Monica : Okay, now you're even cuter!!
Monica : What?
Monica : What are you talking about?
Monica : That's not possible!
Monica : I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.
Monica : I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.
Monica : This bicep?
Monica : Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
Monica : Hey Chandler, wanna do it with me?
Monica : Okay.
Monica : I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.
Monica : Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?
Monica : Well what did you send?
Monica : Bye!
Monica : Actually, I did!
Monica : Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Monica : Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Monica : Them?! Who's them?
Monica : Joey!
Monica : Unless...
Monica : Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
Monica : (in the kitchen with Chandler) Look at them, they're-they're panicked!
Monica : Oh yeah! [Cut to Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch.]
Monica : All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!
Monica : Relax, she-she's gonna give in way before you do!
Monica : Because you're on my team! And my team always wins!
Monica : Just go get some! (Kisses him.) Go! (She runs to hide in the bathroom.) [Cut to the hallway, Phoebe is outside getting some last minute instructions from Rachel.]
Monica : She's bluffing!
Monica : You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Monica : Of course. [Cut back to the living room. Chandler slowly exits the bathroom and gets pushed from behind by Monica and sees Phoebe closing the apartment door.)
Monica : I love you too Chandler. (They kiss.)
Monica : Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Monica : What are you doing?!
Monica : Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross. (They go to the door. Ross is trying to stick his hand through and undo the chain; Monica pushes his hand back.) (To Ross) Hold on! (She opens the door.) Hey Ross. What's up bro? (Ross spots Chandler and starts chasing him around the kitchen table. Chandler runs and hides behind Monica.)
Monica : I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too. (There's a brief pause.)
Monica : Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.
Monica : But what?
Monica : In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?
Monica : I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Monica : Isn't this great?
Monica : Couldn't you just stay like this forever? (His eyes snap open.) Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here forever?
Monica : Are you okay?
Monica : What-what are you doing?
Monica : Man, I knew it! I knew you were going to do this!!
Monica : Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.
Monica : Oh and you know what I want!
Monica : I do not have baby fever!
Monica : Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
Monica : You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?! (She storms out.)
Monica : Gunther, can I get a coffee (Looks at Chandler) to go?
Monica : I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one. (She walks out.) (Chandler turns to watch her go and then sees Ross and Joey both with huge grimaces on their faces.)
Monica : (raising her hand) I'm Monica.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!
Monica : No-no, don't-don't-don't do it!
Monica : Chandler, why are you doing this?
Monica : Chandler.
Monica : Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Monica : (kneels with him) Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Monica : Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Monica : Who? Two divorces and Joey?!
Monica : Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
Monica : Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Monica : Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : (checks to see if it works) Yes, you are so smart! (Kisses him.)
Monica : I know.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Y'know, I love doing crossword puzzles with you honey! Dream
Monica : Okay! There's only one left, three letter word, not dog but... Dream
Monica : Yes! You are so smart! (Kisses him.) I love you. Dream
Monica : Wow!
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
Monica : I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.
Monica : Are you saying I smell bad?
Monica : What's with him?
Monica : (cooking something) Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!
Monica : Hey Joey, sweetie, taste this. (Holds out a spoon for him.)
Monica : What is going on with you?
Monica : What was the dream about?
Monica : Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn't mean that-that you're in love with me!
Monica : No!
Monica : Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
Monica : Um-hmm.
Monica : Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! (Looking at Chandler and slowly realizing what his point is.) But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Monica : You become friends after?
Monica : (laughing) That's right. (They realize the implication of their behavior, stop instantly and head for his bedroom. In the meanwhile, Joey is starring at Rachel in a seductive way.)
Monica : Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first!
Monica : What about the closeness?
Monica : Who is it?
Monica : Let me try. (Gets up to join them.)
Monica : Did I squeeze it too hard?
Monica : Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
Monica : Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
Monica : (joining him) Wow! She is pretty, huh?
Monica : What happened?
Monica : No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV. (It's only when the camera cuts to Ross's apartment that we see that the TV is turned off and Ross is indeed doing a bit. He then tries to hide his smirk.)
Monica : What?
Monica : Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
Monica : I know it is the best.
Monica : What? It's still going on.
Monica : I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
Monica : (Start annoying hyper-competitive mode now.) (Jumping up) What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
Monica : Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
Monica : You are so cute. (She goes over and kisses him passionately.)
Monica : (entering from the bathroom) Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!
Monica : Yes!
Monica : A kiss? What are you talking about?
Monica : He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
Monica : Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : (That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!) Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Monica : Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
Monica : Okay. (She gets up and walks over to Chandler.) Chandler? Can I see you for a second?
Monica : Okay. (They walk away to get some privacy.) We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
Monica : 'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
Monica : So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Monica : Phoebe and Gary are so gonna hear about this at dinner.
Monica : We are the hottest! Huh? No one is hotter than we are! You're the best.
Monica : No, you're the best.
Monica : I am the best. (Just as they start to get up, Joey walks in.)
Monica : (looking out the window) Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?
Monica : Why?
Monica : What are you talking about? (Pointing out the window.) She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
Monica : No, those first two windows, (Points) that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
Monica : You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Monica : Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.
Monica : You didn't!
Monica : The park huh? A public place.
Monica : I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second! (Gets up and heads for the bathroom as that annoying Gotta-win-at-all-costs-super-competitive thing kicks in again.) [Cut to the Men's room. Chandler is practicing flashing his badge as Monica enters.]
Monica : Hi Chandler.
Monica : Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
Monica : Come on, we can't let them win!
Monica : Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
Monica : I feel really sad that we're not...really there anymore.
Monica : Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
Monica : Really?
Monica : That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Monica : Yeah. (They hug.)
Monica : Did not.
Monica : Okay, I freaked out a little.
Monica : Thank God! I can't watch him anymore!
Monica : Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.
Monica : I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
Monica : I would love to do it together! (Joey starts to giggle.)
Monica : It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.
Monica : That doesn't seem fair.
Monica : Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Yeah, me too! (Runs and grabs her 3-ring binder of ideas.)
Monica : All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Monica : Oh, we're not doing that. Okay...
Monica : What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
Monica : (Thinks) Cups.
Monica : And ice!
Monica : Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant...
Monica : Hey! How'd the audition go?!
Monica : Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's (sadly) "Audition didn't go so well. (Happily) Yeah it did?"
Monica : You got a callback too didn't you?
Monica : (To Rachel) How did work go?
Monica : You stink!
Monica : No, I'm-I'm serious!
Monica : That's so gross!
Monica : Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding. (She's not; she stands and walks away. Chandler moves closer.)
Monica : (overhearing that) Why don't you just go out with her! (Chandler starts to follow her into the kitchen.)
Monica : Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
Monica : Y'know...go! Go! Right there! (Points)
Monica : That's the surprise!
Monica : (entering from the bathroom) Hey! Happy Anniversary!
Monica : So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London...
Monica : Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
Monica : That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
Monica : That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.
Monica : (runs over to Phoebe) You have got to go home!
Monica : You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
Monica : Great!
Monica : (noticing Rachel crawling behind the couch) Rach? What are you doing?
Monica : It's a diaper commercial.
Monica : What's goin' on?
Monica : It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
Monica : It's no big deal, I do it all the time.
Monica : Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!
Monica : Chandler, this actually bothers you?
Monica : What?
Monica : (following her) Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
Monica : No you didn't.
Monica : Yeah, it's good.
Monica : Chandler! (Joey and his grandmother shush them and wave them away, which they do.) Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Monica : Go on, teach me something about men and women.
Monica : No way!
Monica : Well that's pathetic!
Monica : And this goes for all guys?
Monica : No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!
Monica : (entering from her room) Phoebe! (Motions for the earrings. Phoebe gives her the one-minute sign.)
Monica : Yeah, what is it?
Monica : (shocked) Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
Monica : All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.
Monica : Look at you! Come here! (They hug.) Feel better?
Monica : (angrily) That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! (Rachel looks over at Phoebe in resignation.) Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Monica : Yes!
Monica : What about these? These look the same?
Monica : Not as each other!
Monica : Hi!
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.
Monica : Oh, honey, the earrings...
Monica : My boyfriend really does have good taste! (He turns to get his coat and Monica gives Rachel and Phoebe two thumbs up as Chandler walks over to Ross.)
Monica : Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Monica : Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See? (Hands her the photo.)
Monica : You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
Monica : All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.
Monica : I hadn't! Photo 152 was a prototype.
Monica : All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.
Monica : Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around...
Monica : What?! I-I-I don't, I don't do that! (Rachel slowly leaves the apartment.)
Monica : (on the answering machine) Rach! It's me! Pick up! (Rachel runs over and answers the phone with the blender in hand.)
Monica : I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
Monica : See if he has ice.
Monica : (does Rachel's) Nooo!
Monica : Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!
Monica : We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Monica : I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
Monica : No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. (Rachel slowly turns and glares at her.) (Realizing what she just said.) Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! (Rachel again turns and glares at her in disgust.) Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
Monica : Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
Monica : All right, I guess we should go.
Monica : Oh yeah right! (She grabs the money and shoves into her pocket.)
Monica : There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
Monica : Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it. (The phone rings.)
Monica : Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
Monica : Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
Monica : No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.
Monica : So it looks like it's going really well for you two, huh?
Monica : (shocked) Oh my God!
Monica : I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
Monica : I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
Monica : (sitting down) Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!
Monica : He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
Monica : Relax! It's Phoebe! Not you!
Monica : Ohhhh!
Monica : That is so sweet! (She kisses him and turns to add some sugar to her tea.)
Monica : (entering) Hey guys!
Monica : Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. (Goes to the counter) It was right here, where is it?
Monica : All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
Monica : Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
Monica : What?!
Monica : Really?! [Time lapse, Monica has joined in and is calling to get out of work.]
Monica : (on phone, faking she's sick) I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. (Joey makes a high throw and Monica has to catch it way over her head.) (Not sounding sick) Yes!! (Realizes what she just did.) (Sounding sick again) Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not. (Hangs up and keeps throwing the ball.) (Rachel enters.)
Monica : Rach?
Monica : You have scratches all over you, what happened? (Rachel's arms are covered with scratches.)
Monica : (shocked) What?!
Monica : I don't want a cat!
Monica : (To Rachel) What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
Monica : (jumping in front of him) No-no! Don't do it! Don't!
Monica : He's a dropper!
Monica : Oh my-Oh good God!
Monica : So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
Monica : Rach, why won't they take it back?
Monica : Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Monica : Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!! (Quickly grabs a tissue to wipe her eyes.) Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
Monica : So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Monica : Why, do you write him a lot?
Monica : Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
Monica : Please! I made this game what it is.
Monica : All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
Monica : All right! Let's go! (Runs to the door.) Let's go Team Monica! (The guys all stop and stare at her) All right, we can work out the name later. [Cut to her apartment where Rachel is sitting at the table.]
Monica : Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!
Monica : Wow! You made a profit!
Monica : All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!
Monica : It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
Monica : Okay! Okay, let's race! First one there wins! Ha-ha! (Runs out the door and everyone watches her leave.) (Pause)
Monica : (To Rachel) Wow! It's really red! You should go see my eye doctor.
Monica : Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!
Monica : It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.
Monica : Hey Rach, remember that great song, Me, Myself, and I? (And on the "I" part she mimics poking her eye.)
Monica : Bye!
Monica : Why are so mad at him?
Monica : Well, it just seems that...
Monica : Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission. (Quietly) You can go.
Monica : Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
Monica : No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky! (She ushers Rachel out the door, but before the door fully closes she sticks her head back in.) Chandler!!!! (Chandler agrees to clean up the mess.)
Monica : (looks at it more closely) Oh that's an eye removal machine.
Monica : I'm kidding! I'm kidding! (Rachel heads for the door but is intercepted by the doctor.) The
Monica : A small puff of air, now come on! Dr.
Monica : Y'know what, I'm gonna hold her head.
Monica : Okay. (Monica backs off.)
Monica : Dr. Miller? (She covers her right eye and reads from the chart) P E C F D. Dr.
Monica : I sure do! (She runs over to a drawer, opens it, and grabs a lollipop.) (To Rachel) And you don't get one!
Monica : They're still in my coat.
Monica : I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holding the vests so that you couldn't see the collar, you could see all three, and they were folding nicely. After she says the line and the camera cuts back to Chandler, you can only see two out of the three, you can see the collar of the top one, and it looks like it was folded sloppily, unlike before. Hey, you notice things while spending this much time on this!}
Monica : I wanna say good-bye at the car!
Monica : Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
Monica : Chandler! What are you doing here?
Monica : Not even close.
Monica : Okay! All right! Let's do it!
Monica : Sit down. (They sit down on the couch.)
Monica : Put your head back.
Monica : All right.
Monica : Now, open your eyes.
Monica : How many fingers am I holding up? (She's not holding any up.)
Monica : Oh my God, I was thinking four.
Monica : Yes! All right, y'know what? Why don't we start with a practice run? Okay?
Monica : No drops!
Monica : Okay.
Monica : On three, 1...2...3! (Rachel turns her head on three to avoid the drops.) Now my pillow's all wet! (She was trying to fool Rachel and squeezed the eyedropper.)
Monica : Then why did you move?!
Monica : All right, come here! (She gets up and drags Rachel off of the couch by her legs.)
Monica : I am going... I'm going--Turn it over! (Rachel rolled onto her stomach and Monica rolls her back.) I'm... I am going to get these drops in your eyes. (She is holding Rachel down with both hands and has the eyedropper in her mouth.)
Monica : (spitting out the eyedropper) Damn! It's empty!
Monica : (answers the phone) Hello? (Listens.) (To Phoebe) It's Joey. (Phoebe's proud of herself.) (To Joey) I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
Monica : What did you do to his sweater vests?
Monica : Yeah, she's here. Hold on a second. (She hands the phone to Phoebe.)
Monica : Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
Monica : (answering it) Hello?
Monica : Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!
Monica : Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Monica : Go!! (Phoebe jumps to the floor as Ross tackles Rachel off of the couch. Chandler helps push Rachel onto the floor by jumping over the back of the couch. Phoebe grabs Rachel's head to hold it still and opens Rachel's eye as Monica jumps onto Chandler's back to administer the torture--I mean medicine.)
Monica : Okay! Okay! Okay! (She succeeds in getting the eye drops in and everyone climbs off of Rachel.) We'll see you in about 3 to 4 hours.
Monica : (entering) Phoebe? (Phoebe comes back into the living room) Oh, Phoebe, I'm so sorry. Have you been here long?
Monica : Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.
Monica : The Richard.
Monica : Noo! My ex-boyfriend Richard! Y'know the tall guy, moustache?
Monica : It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
Monica : Really?
Monica : The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Monica : Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
Monica : I know.
Monica : What?
Monica : It's almost our anniversary!
Monica : I got you a present!
Monica : I know, but you have to open it today! (Hands it too him.)
Monica : (grabbing the gift from him and opening it) Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
Monica : For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
Monica : No.
Monica : Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Monica : But we can go, right?
Monica : Okay!
Monica : Ditch you? Phoebe, you were pregnant with the triplets!
Monica : Aww! I love you!
Monica : Okay!
Monica : I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Monica : Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Monica : Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
Monica : Really?!
Monica : Great! (Pause.)
Monica : Phoebe, you don't eat animals.
Monica : Who are you talking too?
Monica : I'm so sorry.
Monica : I knew you were not okay with that.
Monica : It meant nothing! Okay? After all this time, how can you not trust me?
Monica : You're right. I'm sorry. I should've told you.
Monica : I promise you, next time I will absolutely tell you.
Monica : I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
Monica : Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
Monica : Fine! Happy Anniversary!
Monica : No it is not!
Monica : (to the bartender) Thank you.
Monica : I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!
Monica : This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
Monica : Y'know what? You're right Phoebe. You're right. Thank you! (Gets up to find Chandler.)
Monica : Anybody lose this? (Holds up the chip and the woman next to her shakes her head no.) The
Monica : Hmm.
Monica : All right baby, come on! (Rolls the dice) Yes! Yes! I am on fire!
Monica : Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!
Monica : What? Wait! Why? (He turns and heads for the door and she chases after him.) Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
Monica : Not any more.
Monica : Really! (They hug and kiss) All right? Let's forget about this going home stuff and celebrate our anniversary. (She picks up his suitcase.) Okay, this is empty.
Monica : Yeah, I couldn't be mad at him for too long.
Monica : We have one.
Monica : (shaking the dice) A new pair of shoes for the Chan-Chan man! (Rolls the dice.) Yes!
Monica : That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?
Monica : Pick a number! That is your only job!
Monica : Thank you!
Monica : Yes!
Monica : (To Chandler) We're not really gonna buy these people steak dinners are we?
Monica : Okay, good! Okay, what do I want now?
Monica : What?
Monica : Okay. (Rolls the dice) The
Monica : All right, biggest suite in the place. Come on! (Rolls the dice.)
Monica : Oh, that's because I had lunch with Rich-Me neither! Okay, what do I want now?
Monica : Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!
Monica : Shut up!! It just got interesting! Commercial Break ?
Monica : What did you just say?
Monica : Are you serious?!
Monica : I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Monica : Okay!
Monica : Nobody move! (To Chandler) Okay, you look that way; I'll look this way!
Monica : That could be a four or a five. It's your call. (Pause.)
Monica : I think so too. (Cue up the music as they move in and kiss. This time it's Dean Martin (For those of you in France, that was Jerry Lewis's straight man). It's Everybody loves somebody, sometime! Everybody falls in love somehow! Something in your kiss, just told me, my sometime, is now!)
Monica : Okay, come on, I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
Monica : You're so efficient. I love you!
Monica : No-no-no! We need something old!
Monica : That'll work!
Monica : Okay, now we just need something borrowed!
Monica : That's stealing!
Monica : Ohh. (Rubs her fake stomach.)
Monica : Yep, we wanna get married! The
Monica : All right. (They both sit down.)
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : No, only because that's the graduation song. (The real Wedding March begins playing from behind the closed doors of the chapel.)
Monica : Are you sure you wanna do this? (Suddenly the doors burst open, and ROSS AND RACHEL COME OUT ARM-IN-ARM!!!!! And Rachel's carrying a bouquet!!! THEY GOT MARRIED!!!!)
Monica : Are you sure you wanna do this? (Suddenly the doors burst open, and ROSS AND RACHEL COME OUT ARM-IN-ARM!!!!! And Rachel's carrying a bouquet!!! THEY GOT MARRIED!!!!)
Monica : Whoa!
Monica : What are you guys doing here?
Monica : Why else would we be here?
Monica : This is insane!
Monica : What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you're married everywhere.
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Hey.
Monica : How do I tell Chandler that it's too soon. It's gonna break his heart, he's not gonna think that I don't love him anymore.
Monica : Yes I do!
Monica : Oh hi! Hi! Y'know, we were just talking about bacon.
Monica : Rach! We weren't gonna miss our friends getting married!
Monica : What are you guys gonna do?
Monica : So, what do you think we should do?
Monica : I know I love you! (They hug.)
Monica : That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
Monica : All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don't get married.
Monica : Okay. (They approach the craps table.)
Monica : Ready?
Monica : (sarcastic) Come on eight.
Monica : Wow! I can't believe I actually rolled an eight.
Monica : Wait a minute. That wasn't a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
Monica : I wanted it so bad! (Pause) Wanna go pack?
Monica : Ohh, of course we are! (They walk up to the elevators.) We left it up to fate. (Pushes the elevator button.) If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign. (The elevator door opens to a priest reading from a bible with Chandler and Monica standing side-by-side holding each other's hands.)
Monica : That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.
Monica : He took my snack!
Monica : Okay! Oh God, y'know what? It's really bad.
Monica : This doesn't mean anything, does it?
Monica : Okay.
Monica : No, don't say it! Don't even think it!
Monica : I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
Monica : I don't want things to change! Do you?
Monica : All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
Monica : Then all your stuff would be here.
Monica : Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Monica : Live together? There have been no signs for that.
Monica : YES!!!!!!!!
Monica : Yes! Okay! Okay! Wait-wait-wait!
Monica : Here's your key (Gets him one.)
Monica : Here's your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
Monica : Ready! (He tries, but something happens.)
Monica : Wait! Oh my God! I can't get out!
Monica : No, it's not a sign! It's a very old key!
Monica : Oh my God it's old!
Monica : I love you!
Monica : No.
Monica : Of course! Joey wouldn't let you have one?
Monica : Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
Monica : Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
Monica : Pretty much.
Monica : Hi!
Monica : Joey, we have something to tell you.
Monica : Wait! Joey! Joey! Are you okay?!
Monica : Hey Pheebs!
Monica : Hey, have you seen Rachel?
Monica : I have some pretty exciting news!
Monica : No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.
Monica : Okay, come here! (Phoebe joins them in the hug.)
Monica : Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad? (Exits.)
Monica : Ugh, I thought you were Rachel!
Monica : I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she's the only one left!
Monica : No.
Monica : Have a seat. (They sit at the table.) Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.
Monica : Really?!
Monica : Yes, we are. (Chandler is frantically trying to get Monica to correct her.)
Monica : Yeah, he's gonna work on that.
Monica : (singing) We'll be waiting for you... {Transciber's
Monica : Soon! I-I just couldn't before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn't do that to her, she's my best friend!
Monica : I'm not your best friend?
Monica : All right, all right, at least I'm prepared.
Monica : (slapping his hand) Hey!
Monica : These aren't for you! Are you upset?
Monica : Rach, there's something uh, important I have to tell you.
Monica : No! But, I'm throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.
Monica : Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.
Monica : Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
Monica : Okay. Don't you want a cookie?
Monica : Maybe, do you need a tissue? (Rachel mumbles uh-huh and spits the half-eaten cookie out onto the tissue.)
Monica : I made them!
Monica : (entering) Hi.
Monica : So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.
Monica : Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn't cry. She wasn't angry or sad. (Sits down, slightly disgusted.)
Monica : I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Monica : Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.
Monica : Y'know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
Monica : Hey Rach, what about this? (She holds up a chrome 5-point star.) Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don't know if I want it because it might be y'know, too many memories!
Monica : I don't know. (Picks up a big plate from the coffee table.) Hey, Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.
Monica : Something to remember me by!
Monica : But still, it's a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
Monica : I'm fine! I just, I'm thinking how much it's an end of era.
Monica : An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn't significant to you!
Monica : What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
Monica : What's hard to believe?
Monica : Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
Monica : No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Monica : Yeah, sweetie.
Monica : No.
Monica : I'm gonna miss you! (They hug.)
Monica : I know!
Monica : Who's Denise?
Monica : Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Monica : Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Monica : No.
Monica : Oh, I'm sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
Monica : I just don't think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
Monica : What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
Monica : Are you mocking me?
Monica : Hi.
Monica : Stop it Chandler. (Chandler is relieved) I'm sorry too.
Monica : Yeah! Oh yes!
Monica : Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
Monica : Totally! (They start thinking.)
Monica : Oh good.
Monica : Changes?
Monica : You're-you're-you're gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
Monica : Well, it's a set and they should probably stay together.
Monica : See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
Monica : Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
Monica : Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
Monica : Ross, we can handle this.
Monica : Love is the best medicine.
Monica : Why do you do it?
Monica : Yes.
Monica : That's very funny!
Monica : Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.
Monica : Yeah, no, me neither.
Monica : You still want to move in together right?
Monica : Ross didn't scare you?
Monica : Come here, I want to show you something!
Monica : This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
Monica : Okay!
Monica : Uh-hmm.
Monica : Oh my God! I love that!
Monica : Uh, no!!
Monica : This bottle opener. (She grabs it off of the freezer door.)
Monica : And it's a magnet!
Monica : Hey Rach, aren't these candlesticks (holds up a pair) mine?
Monica : Ohh! Yeah, I forgot.
Monica : (under her breath) That you're a liar. (Hides the candlesticks in a drawer.)
Monica : Wow! Uh what, did he uh, say?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Phoebe that's crazy!
Monica : Hmm? (Rachel holds up the candlesticks.)
Monica : No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.
Monica : I loved them!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : How'd the lecture go?
Monica : That you're not funny or sexy?
Monica : Yeah, but y'know we could sneak in and watch.
Monica : What the hell are you doing?!
Monica : (in an Irish accent) Monica Gellerrr. (She rolls her 'R')
Monica : (normal voice) Oh, you can have an accent and I can't?! (To an exiting student in accent.) Top 'O the morning to ya laddies!
Monica : Gimme 'em!
Monica : You stole them from me!
Monica : Gimme them! (With one last mighty tug the combatants lose their grip and split, each holding one candlestick.)
Monica : You just wanna each take one?
Monica : Why don't you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you're, y'know, that you're adjusting to life in America.
Monica : I think you look fine.
Monica : Okay, come on, do it one more time!
Monica : Yes!
Monica : You're kidding!
Monica : Ross!
Monica : Joey, why don't you put them in the lost and found?
Monica : Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
Monica : Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
Monica : Come on Chandler, come on! It'll give us great practice for when-(realizes what she's about to say and changes)-people with babies come to visit.
Monica : Pheebs, how's it going?
Monica : Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
Monica : What do you mean?
Monica : This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
Monica : Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
Monica : I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
Monica : And six others.
Monica : Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that's the same.
Monica : Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone's eye out!
Monica : Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
Monica : How are you still single?!
Monica : Good. What made you change your mind?
Monica : Damnit! Y'know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler! (He does it again.)
Monica : And people will think you own a Porsche because you're wearing the clothes?
Monica : Joey, you know you don't actually have one.
Monica : All right, that's it, we're going to the emergency room.
Monica : The babies are asleep, I'm sure you'll be okay on your own for a while!
Monica : He's got something plastic lodged in his throat, we've got to go to the hospital.
Monica : Oh my God.
Monica : Phoebe, what, what happened here?!
Monica : But my apartment!
Monica : But the mess!
Monica : You're right, you're right I shouldn't freak out. 'Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
Monica : (entering from her room) Hey!
Monica : (thinks) Okay.
Monica : Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Monica : It's not your birthday.
Monica : You're not dressed yet?! We're supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
Monica : Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you're packed.
Monica : (entering) Rachel, I need to borrow-You're not packed!!!! You're not packed even a little bit!
Monica : What?
Monica : (grabs a bag of those Styrofoam peanuts) I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
Monica : You're plans were with us.
Monica : All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
Monica : Okay! (To Rachel) Oh my God, thank you!! [Cut to living room, Phoebe enters and closes Rachel's door behind her.]
Monica : (entering and interrupting the guy's escape attempt) Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
Monica : I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
Monica : Okay fine, now Ross...
Monica : Why not?
Monica : It's almost 8 o'clock, it's almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
Monica : Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
Monica : All right, sorry. (Goes back to Rachel's room.)
Monica : (starting to cry) Oh God!
Monica : No.
Monica : I'm gonna miss you so much.
Monica : I don't think there's anything.
Monica : Nope, she's perfect.
Monica : Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.
Monica : Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
Monica : Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
Monica : Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Ross! (To Rachel) See? Other people call me!
Monica : (on phone) What's up?
Monica : Oh, put him on!
Monica : "Hi I'm Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I'd better wash it and shrink it!"
Monica : "Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
Monica : I'm not talking to her!
Monica : Well, maybe you're right-She made fun of my phone pen!
Monica : Listen Rachel, I feel really bad about-What are you doing? (She sees that Rachel is unpacking.)
Monica : What?!
Monica : It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!
Monica : Because it's my apartment!
Monica : How about, you're moving!! (Grabs a bunch of clothes and throws them into a box. What follows is a brief sequence of Rachel unpacking and Monica packing the same stuff over and over again as Rachel chants "No." and Monica chants "Yes.")
Monica : (entering) I am not!
Monica : No Phoebe I am mad!
Monica : Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Monica : Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.
Monica : Y'know she has 147,000 pairs of boots...
Monica : She lets you borrow them.
Monica : Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold! (To Phoebe) She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
Monica : When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
Monica : When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Monica : And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. (To Rachel) (Starts to cry) You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! (They both break down in tears.)
Monica : Kinda. (She hugs Phoebe and looks out the window. She moves closer to it to get a better look.) Oh my God! [Cut to Ross's apartment, he's watching TV and eating some popcorn as the phone rings.]
Monica : Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
Monica : I'm really gonna miss you. (They hug.)
Monica : Thanks.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Bye. (Monica closes the door and slowly walks into Rachel's old and now empty room.)
Monica : She really left.
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : Can I ask you a question?
Monica : What the hell is that dog doing here?! (She notices the dog sitting in the living room.) (And with that, an era ends as Chandler moves in with Monica as Rachel moves in with Phoebe. It 'tis a sad and happy time for Friends.) Ending Credits ?
Monica : Hey! Ross and
Monica : (jumps over a box) Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!
Monica : Oh, So you can move them!
Monica : It's nice to meet you. Janine...?
Monica : Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?
Monica : Uh-huh, what exactly did you ask her?
Monica : Oh, so you like her too Chandler?
Monica : Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
Monica : Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
Monica : (chuckles) Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.
Monica : Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?
Monica : So, Phoebe runs weird huh?
Monica : Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
Monica : I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.
Monica : We'll see.
Monica : (on phone) Hi!
Monica : Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
Monica : It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
Monica : ? Well, are you just hanging out with Ross?
Monica : What?!
Monica : Why is Ross naked?
Monica : Naked?
Monica : Is it the same thing that Chandler had?
Monica : Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!
Monica : Is it okay for me to come in now?
Monica : Why is everything different?
Monica : Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
Monica : It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Monica : Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
Monica : Of course!
Monica : All right, hold on okay? First thing's first. (Gets her cleaning gloves on) Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked? Closing Credits ?
Monica : Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.
Monica : Hey guys.
Monica : It was okay. She's still kind of depressed because she broke up with her boyfriend.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : No, the one who looked at you once because you got in her way.
Monica : I don't think mine likes me either.
Monica : We should go.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : What happened to your teeth.
Monica : Well, I think I shouldn't look directly at them.
Monica : Ross they're really, really, really white.
Monica : How much longer?
Monica : Ross you know that tonight is your date with Hillary?
Monica : She will be after tonight.
Monica : Oh my god.
Monica : My God, Rachel, I can't believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I'm so jealous. (Chandler looks at her.)
Monica : Chandler, please, come on. Look at him. (Pointing to a picture of Ralph on a magazine,.)
Monica : (Holding a shirt in front of Ross.) Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white. (Ross has a big smile.) Nope. Okay, colors that don't work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.
Monica : Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn't look so bright.
Monica : I'm just saying, if we put just a little bit of makeup on you.
Monica : Ross this is the only thing left that has a shot at working.
Monica : Please. Half the guys out there have makeup on.
Monica : All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.
Monica : Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn't waste these pantyhose.
Monica : Wait, we're supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.
Monica : You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You're right, I'm sorry.
Monica : Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
Monica : When girls hang out, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear. (Chandler gets a hurt look on his face.) I'm sorry. We do. We do. I don't know why I said that.
Monica : Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.
Monica : Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
Monica : (on phone) Okay, great! Bye. (Hangs up as Chandler enters.) So guess who?s coming to Thanksgiving dinner?
Monica : (not amused by Chandler?s joke) I miss Rachel. (To Chandler) No, my parents.
Monica : Yeah, and y?know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! (Quickly trying to change subjects), I was thinking we would eat around four. [Monica goes to the stove.]
Monica : Because they don?t know we?re dating. (Again, trying to quickly change subjects.) Do you think we should eat in the kitchen? (Goes to the sink and the stove to cook.)
Monica : Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn?t.
Monica : (trying to change subjects, excitedly) So! Dinner in the kitchen around four! I?ll see you then. (Pats Chandler on the shoulder and goes into the living room.)
Monica : Well, um, because mainly, um, they don?t like you. I?m sorry.
Monica : Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you?re really sarcastic, or that, y?know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.
Monica : Look, I know that I should?ve told them. I know I shouldn?t care what they think. I?m sorry.
Monica : You really think that?ll work?
Monica : (hugging Chandler) I don?t think you?ll ever get my parents that drunk! Opening Credits
Monica : Nothing.
Monica : No, sweetie, I-I trust you.
Monica : You?re not gonna mess it up.
Monica : Well, it?s done about two minutes before it looks like that. [Joey and Ross enter.] Joey and
Monica : Whoa whoa whoa! Where?re you goin??
Monica : Oh, Janine, the really hot dancer girl?
Monica : You?re not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you?re gonna eat here!
Monica : Dad [kisses Jack], Mom [kisses Judy]. Look! Look who it is it?s Chandler! Mrs.
Monica : Dad, Chandler was just laughing at your joke. Mr.
Monica : Y?know dad, Chandler is one of Ross?s very best friends!
Monica : Mom, uh, Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is. Mrs.
Monica : (shocked) What?
Monica : Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you (points to Chandler) were trying to get Ross stoned!
Monica : Ross, I can?t believe you?d do that!
Monica : You! It?s not like it?s a big deal! You-you don?t still do it or anything!
Monica : Dad, please don?t pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you?re gonna put your feet up, why don?t you sit on the-
Monica : Ross, if you don?t tell them, then I will!
Monica : Really? [Rachel hands Monica a plate. Monica takes a spoonful of the whipped cream portion.]
Monica : Okay. [Monica takes a bigger spoonful and a pea falls off]
Monica : (faking joy. Rubbing her stomach and smiling at the same time, like Joey said) Mmmm! It?s good!
Monica : It?s so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who?s eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross. [Ross glares at Monica.] [Everyone takes a bite of their trifle.]
Monica : (again, lying) I?m gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it. [Monica exits to the bathroom.]
Monica : Ross? Let?s go.
Monica : Alright, you know what? That?s it. You?ve had your chance.
Monica : (out loud, to her parents) Mom! Dad! Ross smoked pot in college! Mr. and Mrs.
Monica : And Dad, y?know that mailman that you got fired? He didn?t steal your Playboys! Ross did! [The Gellers stare at Ross. Ross looks at his parents with an afraid, shocked look.]
Monica : Ross hasn?t worked at the museum for a year! [The Gellers glare at Ross.]
Monica : Ross married Rachel in Vegas! And got divorced! Again!!!! [The Gellers glare at Ross.]
Monica : Well actually, I-I didn?t eat mine. It?s still in the bathroom.
Monica : Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It's about being with the people that you love.
Monica : Oh, here. (She turns the tree around so that her side, which is perfectly decorated, is showing)
Monica : Aw, I'm sorry sweetie that she doesn't feel the same way.
Monica : Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
Monica : Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
Monica : We are there! (Rachel laughs)
Monica : What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
Monica : We are going to Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve!
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : Okay, here comes another camera.
Monica : If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They've been taping those people up there all day.
Monica : Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?
Monica : Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He's the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.
Monica : Excuse me, sir, would it help if I weren't wearing underpants?
Monica : Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
Monica : What?
Monica : Ross, we haven't done the routine since middle school.
Monica : Was it really that good?
Monica : Okay, let's do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced! (They move into a space, and Ross points to his eyes and then to hers)
Monica : 5 6 7 8! (They start the routine. However hard I try, I really cannot describe it. You will have to watch it. I'm sorry.) (When they finish, they walk over to the director)
Monica : Yes! (They run over to a platform)
Monica : I know! Hey, you haven't been practising the routine, have you?
Monica : Me too!
Monica : Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don't wanna look stupid!
Monica : Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
Monica : We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
Monica : Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit. (To Ross) Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
Monica : What? We could do it!
Monica : I can do it, okay? Come on, let's go. (She and Ross get up) Monica and
Monica : I can't do it! (Ross falls into Monica's room)
Monica : Honey, we have been through this before!
Monica : You serious?!
Monica : Really?!
Monica : Bye. (Janine exits.)
Monica : I am so glad you said cooks.
Monica : You got it from Pottery Barn?!
Monica : Rach, Phoebe hates Pottery Barn.
Monica : Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
Monica : It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
Monica : I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
Monica : I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I'll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.
Monica : Joey, you don't have too!
Monica : Tomorrow!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.
Monica : What happened to Janine?
Monica : Joey! Why is Janine not coming over for dinner?!
Monica : (loudly) What?!! (Quietly) What?
Monica : Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
Monica : Of course we will, come on we gotta make dinner.
Monica : (from the hallway) I do not like that woman!
Monica : I am loud!
Monica : Chandler, would you like some more orange juice?
Monica : (loudly) I know!!!
Monica : Well, I'd like to but, (extremely quietly) I'm not sure we have time to go.
Monica : We owe you?!
Monica : We didn't give you any money! (Chandler is motioning, "No!")
Monica : Don't worry about it.
Monica : Absolutely!
Monica : Good night! (They go into their respective apartments.) [Cut to Joey and Janine's, they're entering.]
Monica : (bursting in) I knew it!! Y'know, you're not so quiet yourself, missy!
Monica : (steps up and points at her) All right! You and me! Let's go! Right now!
Monica : (to Janine) You'd better hope I don't see you in the hallway!! (They exit.)
Monica : What did I tell you about the hall?!
Monica : Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.
Monica : Now come on. (They hug like men.) Well, I'm glad we worked things out.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Bye. (Leaves to resume her garbage removal task.)
Monica : (hearing that) That's it big girl! (Hits Janine in the butt with the garbage bag) Come on!
Monica : (chasing her) You'd better run! (Joey and Chandler both come into the hallway.)
Monica : I cannot believe you broke up with her just like that.
Monica : That didn't work on mom, it's not going to work on us.
Monica : No.
Monica : Well, you tell a lot of jokes!
Monica : (relieved) It's only you.
Monica : So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Monica : Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that. (They flip through the pages to another picture.)
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Okay, I've got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
Monica : Me neither.
Monica : What?!
Monica : (visibly upset) She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
Monica : It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
Monica : That's a good idea.
Monica : Do you know what's a bad idea?
Monica : That's right. (A noise comes from the living room.) Did you hear something?
Monica : It's coming from the living room. (They go out to investigate, and find Joey wrapped in a blanket watching their television.)
Monica : (entering) Hey, you guys. Phoebe and
Monica : (laughing) Oh, don't you guys look cute. You guys make such a cute couple.
Monica : (laughing harder) Nothing, I'm just trying to recreate some of the fun that we had at my place the other day. (To Phoebe) Remember, when you picked Rachel over me? That was funny.
Monica : (angrily) It wasn't funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn't you pick me?
Monica : That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
Monica : (to Phoebe) You start working on that list. (She grabs her coat and leaves, too.) [Cut to the hallway.]
Monica : I know. Where do you wanna go eat?
Monica : I'm sick of Japanese. We're not going there.
Monica : All right.
Monica : No, thank you.
Monica : Joey, what are you doing?
Monica : Joey, do you work here?
Monica : Joey, what's going on. What didn't you tell us you work here?
Monica : So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
Monica : Hah!
Monica : Well, then, I'm okay with being high maintenance.
Monica : I am not high maintenance!
Monica : Why do I have to decide?
Monica : I can't be fair. You're my boyfriend.
Monica : Okay, Chandler, you go first.
Monica : Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?
Monica : Do you want me to pick you?!
Monica : Continue.
Monica : All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision. (Both Chandler and Ross are eager to hear her decision.)
Monica : You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks! (Monica leaves the room)
Monica : Hi, Chandler. There you are.
Monica : Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance? (Rachel and Phoebe exchange looks.)
Monica : Wait, wait, he came up with that himself. Tell them, Chandler.
Monica : Look, I am not high maintenance. I am not. Chandler!
Monica : Ahhh! You are on my list.
Monica : (embarrassed) (To Phoebe and Rachel) I didn't even tell him to say that. (They hug). All right you're off my list.
Monica : (sits next to him) Phoebe, it's okay that you don't want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.
Monica : I pick you, Phoebe.
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : (congested) Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
Monica : I'm not sick!! I don't get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!
Monica : (wiping her nose) I have not been sick in over three years! (Sneezes.)
Monica : I don't need a tissue! I'm fine-d!
Monica : I'm fine-d. I'm fine-d! Y'know, it's a really hard word to say. (There's a knock on the door. The gang is stunned and Phoebe counts to make sure that everyone is there. Out of curiosity Chandler goes and answers the door.)
Monica : Rach? (Points to Jill.)
Monica : You bought a boat?
Monica : Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let's do something crazy!
Monica : Okay, I'll rest. But y'know if I'm going to bed, then you're coming with me.
Monica : (wiping her nose) Are you saying that you don't wanna get with this? (Tries to do a little sexy body rub, but it doesn't work all that well with the big robe.)
Monica : (in a sexy voice) Come on. (Coughs loudly.)
Monica : I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
Monica : (still sick) Chandler!
Monica : (trying to be seductive) Calling Dr. Big, Dr. Big to the bed.
Monica : How could I be asleep knowing that you were in the next room.
Monica : Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I'm not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel. (Sneezes.)
Monica : I'm fine. (She goes into one of those half sneezing, half-coughing fits that you get with a bad cold or flu.)
Monica : (entering) Chandler, I think I'm sick.
Monica : Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest? (She hands him some of that Vicks Vap-O-Rub to put on.)
Monica : Come on! I really need your help!
Monica : Fine, I'll rub it on myself.
Monica : Yeah?
Monica : Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?
Monica : I can't believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?
Monica : Not now, I'm sick!
Monica : What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?
Monica : Okay, if you really wanna have sex...
Monica : Worked like a charm.
Monica : (calling from the bathroom) Is someone there?
Monica : (entering with Chandler) Who? (She looks out the window at Ross's apartment) Is that your sister?
Monica : God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!
Monica : Oh no it's not, no it's not. It's a first date. I'm sure that nothing is gonna...(as she is talking we see Ross close his drapes.)
Monica : Joey we know you steal our food. (Joey offers them some potato chips.)
Monica : (To Rachel) Oh, are the drapes still closed hon?
Monica : (crying) This is my favorite part.
Monica : Chandler there's nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don't have to be so macho all the time.
Monica : Yeah you're right. I don't know what I was thinking.
Monica : Oh, I've got it! I have got it! (Gets up and gets something from the dresser underneath the TV.) Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good! (Chandler starts paging through the album.)
Monica : Where were your parents?
Monica : Poor thing!
Monica : You're jealous of Princess Caroline?
Monica : (noticing the bag Joey's carrying) Oh great! Did you get a movie?
Monica : Guys, what's going on?
Monica : That's Phoebe! Where did you get that?
Monica : This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
Monica : Yes, but you are dead inside.
Monica : Wh-what, why?
Monica : Yeah you're right, we can't-we shouldn't watch this.
Monica : (hands the tape back to Joey, but doesn't let him grab it) Y'know maybe a little bit!
Monica : Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?
Monica : Hey sweetie!
Monica : (picking up the book) Chicken Soup for the Soul?
Monica : Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.
Monica : Oh that's so sweet! Look Chandler I don't care if you can't cry, I love you.
Monica : Stop it!
Monica : I won't care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here. (Points to her heart.)
Monica : Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
Monica : And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
Monica : What is wrong with you?!!!
Monica : What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
Monica : No you robot!!
Monica : No, I haven't.
Monica : (To Chandler) Shhhh!!!
Monica : Oh my God! Are-are you crying?
Monica : Bye.
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : Why did they get divorced?
Monica : And what if I was still fat? (To Chandler) Well, you wouldn't be dating me, that's for sure.
Monica : He's not boring! He's just-he's just low key. Monica's
Monica : Thanks. Monica's
Monica : Oh no! What's the matter?
Monica : Okay. Monica's
Monica : Bye. Monica's
Monica : Maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
Monica : No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
Monica : Hey Phoebe! Guess what?
Monica : Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : (gets up and gasps) Oh my God! Rachel!! (Rachel is stunned to see that her long lost friend is still fat.) (Monica goes over and gives Rachel a big bear hug, which is quite easy for her.) You look terrific!
Monica : You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!
Monica : Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
Monica : Rach, he's a friend of ours.
Monica : (getting up) Joey!
Monica : Ohhh! (Takes the plate.) No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.
Monica : No.
Monica : (laughs) You realize what you are don't you?
Monica : You're his bitch.
Monica : (panicked) Oh wait! You didn't just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!
Monica : What?!
Monica : Yes!!
Monica : Oh my God! Commercial Break ?
Monica : Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Monica : Let's take a walk. (They start to leave.) Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine! (They exit.)
Monica : Sorry. So how's it going with Joey?
Monica : Yeah! She's right in there! (Points to Phoebe's room.)
Monica : Oh my God! That's great! Oh wow! (Hugs him.) You're a published writer! I wish I had a present for you!
Monica : Wait a minute! (Quickly checks her pockets and pulls out...) My last Kit-Kat bar! (Chandler tries to take it, but Monica won't let go. He tugs harder, and she still doesn't budge.)
Monica : Okay!!
Monica : It's not mayonnaise!!
Monica : Hey Joey, Chandler sold a story to Archie Comics!
Monica : Yeah, a lot. A lot, a lot!
Monica : Well, y'know it's none of my business, but aren't you married?
Monica : Well, you're not.
Monica : Yeah I can! (Laughs) And don't think I don't, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha! (Laughs.)
Monica : (giggles) Of course I have! What do you think, I'm some 30 year old virgin?
Monica : Say it louder, I don't think the guy all the way in the back heard you! Guy All the Way in the
Monica : It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
Monica : Y'know what? You are right?!
Monica : Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
Monica : Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?!
Monica : Phoebe! Put that cigarette out!
Monica : Put it out!!
Monica : (handing her a cup) Here you go sweetie.
Monica : But, I put some honey in it. (Phoebe mocks what Monica just said. Ross pulls Chandler aside.)
Monica : Well, you used to like playing the guitar.
Monica : I hope you're hungry, we're starting with oysters. And y'know what they say about oysters, don't you? Dr.
Monica : No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac. Dr.
Monica : People! People say it! Come here! (She grabs him and kisses him.) Dr.
Monica : And then we're gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands. Dr.
Monica : No-no-no, no! It's sensual! Dr.
Monica : Okay! (They kiss again and his beeper goes off.) Ohhh no! Dr.
Monica : I can't promise anything. (She starts to dig in.)
Monica : Yeah, me too.
Monica : Stop it!! That's not funny!!
Monica : I'm sorry, okay? It just-tonight was supposed to be y'know, it was supposed to be a big deal.
Monica : You don't want to know what tonight was.
Monica : Well, tonight was-was going to be my first time.
Monica : All right relax Mr. I've Had Sex Four Times!
Monica : How many?
Monica : I was just waiting for the perfect guy.
Monica : No. He's not a horrible guy.
Monica : Chandler, I'm gonna die a virgin!
Monica : Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?
Monica : I was kidding.
Monica : No! (They both laugh.) Oyster?
Monica : Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
Monica : It's harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
Monica : Absolutely! It would just be one friend (Points at Chandler) helping out another friend. (Points at herself.)
Monica : Noo!! Okay!!
Monica : Umm, do you have any uhh, moves?
Monica : I have no moves. (He moves in to kiss her and she laughs and backs away.) Okay, whatcha doin' there?! (Giggles.) Oh y'know what? I'm sorry, this is just too weird.
Monica : What if I turn out the lights? (Runs to shut them off.)
Monica : Chandler?
Monica : That's the couch. Commercial Break ?
Monica : I know! I'll tell you something, we are gonna do that again!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Hey, check me out, I'm a slut!
Monica : Oh I can't. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
Monica : Are you okay?
Monica : Great! It's so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I'm all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"
Monica : Y'know, I don't have an appointment, but I sure could use a physical. (He laughs halfheartedly) Are you sure you're okay?
Monica : Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Why would you do that?
Monica : Really?
Monica : Chandler!
Monica : There was just one woman, wasn't there?
Monica : Including me?
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : Oh, yeah.
Monica : Yes! Why, did you-you forget to make yours?
Monica : Okay. (They kiss.) Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever! (Chandler giggles and exits.) I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
Monica : I'm just so excited to make the presents! (Chandler does another sarcastic/scared laugh and leaves.) Shoot!
Monica : Sure! Okay, you go first.
Monica : Okay! (She takes her present for him and they move over to sit on the couch.)
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Oh, what a great gift! Is The Way You Look Tonight on it?!
Monica : Oh, I love it! Thank you so much!
Monica : Okay, you ready to open yours?
Monica : Okay. (He opens his present to find Phoebe's sock bunny from earlier.)
Monica : Yeah-yeah, you remember how I call you bunny?
Monica : Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
Monica : No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
Monica : No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here (points to the kitchen), and I am going to do anything you want in there! (Points to the bedroom.)
Monica : Oops! (Covers its eyes.) Y'know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?
Monica : We have got to wash that! (Referring to the sock bunny.)
Monica : Do you remember that jacket that you love so much, that you thought was too expensive?
Monica : I wanna wake up early and go get it for you!
Monica : Oop, your cake is ready!
Monica : Who the hell are you?! Joey's
Monica : The only problem!
Monica : Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
Monica : I will! But not tonight. For dinner music, I thought we could listen to that tape you made me.
Monica : The Way You Look Tonight is on here! Dance with me? (He hesitates, then goes over to dance with her.)
Monica : You are just the sweetest. (They kiss.) (Suddenly, a strange and familiar voice comes out of the tape player. Here's a hint, OH...MY...GAWD!! That's right, it's Janice!)
Monica : (not buying it) Uh-huh.
Monica : (pointing to the kitchen) Yeah you will! (Points to the bedroom) And, are you kiddin' me?!
Monica : Okay.
Monica : I am!! (Enter her room and closes the door behind her.) Janice's
Monica : It's Chandler's way of pretending he didn't take mime.
Monica : Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did. (Rachel dials her number.)
Monica : You're on the phone!
Monica : Come on! (The girls all run out and Joey holds up Chandler by smiling.)
Monica : Oh well, it's not so bad. Fireman
Monica : Joey! He's working! (To Chandler) You would look good in that. (Phoebe and Rachel return)
Monica : Isn't that mine?
Monica : (pulling Rachel back down) Yes, they can stay with us.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
Monica : You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
Monica : You dated her!
Monica : All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Monica : Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay? (They walk into a completely redecorated and repainted room. And of course, the room is immaculate. Only an obsessive-compulsive like Monica could find fault with the room.)
Monica : I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
Monica : So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
Monica : Now there you go! I wouldn't want my best guest to strain her eyes!
Monica : Does that smell bother you?
Monica : Well you let me know if you can, because y'know I can bake a pie to cover it.
Monica : Okay!
Monica : Hello? (Listens) Oh yes, one minute please. (To Phoebe) It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
Monica : So it's okay to date a student.
Monica : Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
Monica : Joey that is so sweet. (He turns his back to Monica and does the international sign for big boobies again.)
Monica : What?! You're going out with her again!
Monica : Joey! You didn't even know her!
Monica : Hey! How's it goin'?
Monica : Yes it has! I made cookies!
Monica : But you should eat them now because they're hot from the oven.
Monica : (pulling the plate back) Oh-ho! But not in here! Can't eat 'em in bed, remember? No crumbies!
Monica : Okay! (Monica leaves and Phoebe closes the door behind her and tries to lock it.)
Monica : (opening the door) What are you doing?
Monica : What's the charity?
Monica : Does Ralph mumble when you're not paying attention?
Monica : Oh, I like Elizabeth.
Monica : Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Monica : Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Monica : Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : (laughs sarcastically) Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Well, uh y'know, our guy works with Chandler and he's really nice and smart and he's a great dresser!
Monica : You're not supposed to look!
Monica : All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.
Monica : Our guy's a great dancer!
Monica : (To Chandler) Do you want our guy to be your guy?
Monica : Hey! How did it go with Elizabeth?
Monica : Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you're doing frat guys.
Monica : And slept with the professor.
Monica : Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler's work!
Monica : Uh, would you stop it with that already?! (Sebastian returns with the coffee.)
Monica : Are you funny? Tell us a joke!
Monica : All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
Monica : In 1981 you were 13!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : We're really glad you decided to meet our guy.
Monica : You're gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?
Monica : Eldad, this is Rachel.
Monica : Okay! Okay! We can take a hint! (They start to leave but run into Phoebe with her guy in tow.) (To Phoebe) What are you doing here?!
Monica : No! You can't do that!
Monica : (stopping him) Sit down! We're winning!
Monica : Rachel! Rachel! You haven't touched Eldad's hair!
Monica : That's right Patrick, bye-bye!
Monica : ? What?
Monica : (trying not to laugh) Oh my God.
Monica : ? Yes.
Monica : ? Alright, well I'm tearing the lettuce.
Monica : ? Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
Monica : ? That's your call.
Monica : ? Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
Monica : ? They'r alright.
Monica : ? No really, they're OK.
Monica : ? Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
Monica : ? I'm outa here. [Monica leaves] [The next flashback is from The One With Rachel's Crush.]
Monica : ? Well, what happened?
Monica : ? Was it...
Monica : (startled) Ahh! Aren't you dressed yet?
Monica : We're supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.
Monica : Wh?! What about my allergies?!
Monica : Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there? (Chandler has a disgusted look on his face.) Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
Monica : Y'know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case... (Chandler gets that disgusted look back.) Okay...
Monica : You had no right to go out with him.
Monica : You sold me out.
Monica : Yes you did.? You absolutely sold me...
Monica : Did you just flick me?
Monica : Fine!
Monica : (To Chandler) You are going to make a joke about my special present! Why would you do that?!
Monica : I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
Monica : We know how tough those parent/teacher conferences can be.
Monica : Ross!!
Monica : How crazy that we'd run into you!
Monica : (obviously attracted to him) Is-is-is there a-a Mrs. Stevens?
Monica : (sympathetic) Ohh!
Monica : Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
Monica : And he's a great brother!
Monica : Ohh!
Monica : No, you said the baby creeps you out.
Monica : You said the baby.
Monica : Why would the little girl creep you out?
Monica : What?! Excuse me!
Monica : How was your first day?
Monica : Well y'know Joey, you're a pretty charming guy.
Monica : No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
Monica : Yeah! That's why I'm sleeping with him on the side.
Monica : Phoebe, stop writing about us!
Monica : Okay fine! Fine! Then you know what, I'll just write about Phyllis! Hmm!
Monica : (writing on a piece of paper) Phyllis is sitting in a chair.
Monica : (still writing) Phyllis sees what I'm doing.
Monica : Chandler, we said we would meet at the coffeehouse at six.
Monica : We said six!
Monica : Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would've said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend's such a wise ass-seven!"
Monica : Ugh!
Monica : What time?
Monica : Inside of telling us you decided to write in your stupid book!
Monica : Hi!
Monica : Oh that's great!
Monica : I mean think about all the money that you're gonna make!
Monica : Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?
Monica : Oh, I love museums!
Monica : Soakin' up all the culture.
Monica : Where do you want to start?
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there! (Points to both places.) I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch. (The arch at the entrance to the room.) The Museum
Monica : What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Monica : Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.
Monica : Phoebe, that stuff is...
Monica : Hi, honey.
Monica : What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!
Monica : Oh no! The Museum
Monica : Oh please, he didn't hear it! He didn't hear it!!
Monica : NOOOO!!!!!!!!
Monica : Phoebe!
Monica : Have you seen Chandler?!
Monica : The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard! (Phoebe gasps.) I know! How bad is this?!
Monica : I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can't find him anywhere!
Monica : Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure! (Mimicking her.) "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
Monica : Well Rachel's not here! (Runs out.)
Monica : (going over to him) I'm so sorry. Please, stop freaking out.
Monica : Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
Monica : Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
Monica : It was a mistake. Please don't take this to mean anything, because it doesn't.
Monica : Really?
Monica : I know! I know.
Monica : I'm gonna go tell Joey that (laughs) that you're back. I was really worried about you. (Exits.)
Monica : Still crying?
Monica : Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
Monica : I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
Monica : Oh, we have some...
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : What's the big deal?
Monica : Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
Monica : Do you really see this as a long-term thing?
Monica : Hi guys.
Monica : Oh, thank you! (The gang exhibits signs of quiet apprehension and wears knowing glances.) (Monica giggles.) What's going on?
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : Are you okay?
Monica : Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually-I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
Monica : (laughs) Are you sure you're okay?
Monica : Ohh that's sweet!
Monica : (interrupting him) Oh my God!
Monica : Oh my God, Richard. (Yep, Richard's back.)
Monica : Oh God, maybe he won't see us. Richard! (Monica smiles then acts shocked. Chandler can't believe she just did that.)
Monica : Hey, it's good to see you!
Monica : Yeah-Oh that's right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.
Monica : Chandler, wh-why don't we sit down?
Monica : (to Richard) It's good to see you
Monica : And so, we're hiding in the bathroom.
Monica : So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they're going at it right on the bathroom floor.
Monica : Ohh.
Monica : I thought you were going out with Elizabeth.
Monica : Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can't get out of!
Monica : Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first (looks at Chandler and pauses) weighing stuff.
Monica : If the school finds out you're fired.
Monica : She's leaving for three months.
Monica : Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her? (Ross pauses in consideration.) Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
Monica : Okay well I think...that's your answer.
Monica : Why do you want to see my hand?
Monica : (suspiciously) Okay. (Exits to carry out Phoebe's wishes.)
Monica : (entering) I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!
Monica : (entering) Hi guys!
Monica : What are you up too?
Monica : Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
Monica : Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Monica : Okay well that's good to know. (We hear the backup horn of a truck and see through the window that the Mr. Bowmont has arrived.)
Monica : Sure, I love this part! (Starts to look busy.)
Monica : Richard!
Monica : Ohh... Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
Monica : Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
Monica : What uh-What did you-What?!
Monica : Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
Monica : Oh God... (Starts looking around.) Why don't they put chairs back here?!
Monica : What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
Monica : What were you doing in Africa?
Monica : Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
Monica : Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Why? Because of the government.
Monica : So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
Monica : Yeah, but that's pigs not people!
Monica : Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?
Monica : Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!
Monica : Y'know what?! I gotta go! Ugh! (She gets up and storms out. The people at the other tables are staring at Chandler.)
Monica : Have you seen Rachel? Or a mirror?
Monica : Yeah, it's great.
Monica : I'm just having one of those days where you realize you're in a dead-end relationship!
Monica : It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
Monica : No I don't know Chandler! Not anymore! It's like it's like something's changed.
Monica : I didn't change!
Monica : What?!
Monica : Is that some kind of boat talk?
Monica : What does he think? Does he think I'm just gonna wait around for nothing?
Monica : (starts for the door) Well there's some people who do want to marry me.
Monica : Yeah! Richard!
Monica : That's right.
Monica : You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he's a-a complex fellow who's unlikely to take a wife! That-that he's against marriage and always will be!
Monica : Hi.
Monica : I don't know why I'm here.
Monica : I don't know.
Monica : (entering) Chandler is such an idiot!
Monica : Yeah, I'll have a scotch...
Monica : (moving over to the couch) Still smoking cigars?
Monica : No that's, that's okay.
Monica : Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.
Monica : Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye exam and I don't like my new eye doctor.
Monica : Edward Nevski?
Monica : No.
Monica : But getting over was the hardest thing that I've ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you. (Richard mouths, "Wow!")
Monica : (to the mask) I missed you-you ugly, flat faced old freak!
Monica : Oh! (Laughs and points at the mask.) Him.
Monica : I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Monica : Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
Monica : Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
Monica : Nothing. (She backs away a little bit but is still in his arms and looks up at his eyes.) I don't kn-Umm. I don't know. Umm...
Monica : Y'know, I-I... I have to figure...some st-Y'know, some stuff before I can...
Monica : You wanted it to be a surprise. (He turns to look at Joey who smiles slyly and closes the door leaving them alone.)
Monica : Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky. (Starting to cry.) As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
Monica : Yes. (The crowd goes wild as he puts the ring on her finger. They hug and kiss this time as an engaged couple.)
Monica : I knew you were likely to take a wife! (They hug again.)
Monica : Come in! Come in! (Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.) We're engaged!!! (Everyone screams and has a group hug.)
Monica : Oh...
Monica : (yelling at the top of her lungs) I?m engaged!!!!!! I?m engaged!!!! [Cut back inside.]
Monica : I?m getting married!!!! I?m gonna be a bride!!!! (Someone else yells at her.) No, I will not shut up because I?m engaged! (He yells again.) Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don?t you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass! (Chandler starts to look worried.) Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20! [Cut back inside.]
Monica : Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh! (Bangs on her class with a spoon to make a toast.) Okay, umm, I just wanna say that?I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night. (Chandler clears his throat.) Our special night. I mean it just wouldn?t be my?our-our night, if you all weren?t here to celebrate with me?us?Damnit!
Monica : Awww, come on?wait?stop it. Okay, to Monica.
Monica : Y?know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza. (They all agree and start to go and get ready.)
Monica : Okay everybody, let?s go! Let?s go!
Monica : (looking at her hand) Y?know what shoes would look great with this ring? Diamond shoes! (Sees Chandler sitting on the bed.) You?re not getting dressed. (Chandler quietly folds over the comforter on the bed making a spot for her.)
Monica : Yeah, but I don?t think we have time.
Monica : (lustily) Let?s do it! (She kisses him and they fall back onto the bed.)
Monica : (chasing after him) Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don?t worry about it!
Monica : Phoebe!
Monica : Phoebe! Come on! Let?s go! (Knocks on her door.) Come on! (Phoebe enters with guitar and not ready to go.) Why aren?t you dressed yet?!
Monica : (grabs the guitar away from her) No, Phoebe, I?ll tell you what, if you get ready now I?ll let you play it at the wedding.
Monica : Fair enough, now go get ready!
Monica : I?ll get everybody else (Does so), finally we can start celebrating my?(She gasps and is stopped by the sight of Ross and Rachel making out in the hall.) I?m sorry, uh apparently I?ve opened the door to the past. Commercial Break
Monica : (interrupting) Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
Monica : See, I?ve been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I?m only planning on doing this once. So, uh y?know, maybe this is selfish and I?m sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
Monica : No it?s not! No! No! Now it?s about you and Ross getting back together!
Monica : See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Monica : That?s true.
Monica : Thunder being stolen!!
Monica : Well, we?re still talking about it, aren?t we?
Monica : Yes that would be lovely.
Monica : Y?know what? I-I think that umm, I don?t feel like going to The Plaza.
Monica : No-no, I-I really don?t want to talk about it! I don?t! (To Rachel) Especially with you. (Goes into her room.)
Monica : I can?t believe her, y?know it?s just?it?s so typical.
Monica : Paris?
Monica : Keep talking.
Monica : I love you! (They start making out and both start to feel something growing below the belt line.)
Monica : (in a French accent) Bonjour, monsieur.
Monica : (opening the door) Hi Pheebs, what?s up? (She enters.)
Monica : What?!
Monica : Yes.
Monica : Well, let?s just say it?s not the first time you?ve stolen my thunder.
Monica : My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
Monica : It?s all everybody at the party could talk about!
Monica : (gasps) We had a characturist!
Monica : And yet, here we are doing it again.
Monica : Oh please! Why else would you have made out with Ross?!
Monica : I just thought it would be nice if I could have just this one night!
Monica : Oh, is that why you did it the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
Monica : I don?t know! I don?t?maybe you?re feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you?d get married first! Maybe you can?t stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
Monica : (yelling after them) I can?t believe you?re gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
Monica : (outside the door) It?s Monica, open up!
Monica : I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I?m going to announce that I?m pregnant!
Monica : I know why!
Monica : Okay! Why?!
Monica : What do you mean?
Monica : (starting to cry) I?m sorry I almost made you sleep with Ross. (They hug.)
Monica : (entering from her room) Oww!
Monica : I don't know, my hand feels weird. I guess it's because, I'm engaged! (Shows off the ring.) How long before it starts getting annoying?
Monica : Okay! (Runs off.)
Monica : (returning) Okay! (Sets down a huge 3" 3-ring binder on the table.)
Monica : This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance. (She opens up the binder to the locations chapter.) First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
Monica : All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
Monica : All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
Monica : A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
Monica : Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!
Monica : Here you go! What do you think about centerpieces?
Monica : Yeah! Roses or Lilies? (Holds up a picture of each.)
Monica : Oh my God! It's like one mind.
Monica : Oh dad, really you don't need to... Mr.
Monica : Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party. Mr.
Monica : Anyway, we're really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we'll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund. (Chandler and her laugh, but her parents don't.) What? Mrs.
Monica : What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don't you? Mr.
Monica : I don't believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house! Mrs.
Monica : You bought the beach house when I was 23! Mr.
Monica : What about when I started dating Chandler? Mrs.
Monica : I can't believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?! Mrs.
Monica : I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
Monica : My parents spent the money for our wedding!
Monica : No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
Monica : How? I don't have any money.
Monica : How much?
Monica : Whoa!!! Are you kidding me?!
Monica : It's enough for wedding scenario eight.
Monica : (To Chandler) How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
Monica : Ah, yeah!
Monica : This is the most special day of our lives.
Monica : Honey, umm I-I love you, (laughs) but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay? (Laughs) Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
Monica : You-you're gonna have to put your foot down?
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Monica : Eh, you work for that.
Monica : You do?!
Monica : Oh, you're so sweet. (They hug and kiss.) Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
Monica : You thought about that?
Monica : How many kids were we gonna have?
Monica : What else did you think about?
Monica : (laughs) Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
Monica : No, I want everything you just said. I want a marriage.
Monica : Uh-hmm.
Monica : I love you. (They kiss.) Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
Monica : Oh good. Ending Credits
Monica : Sweetie, I think the glasses look great. They make you look really sexy.
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Of course! (She mouths, "I have no idea," to the rest of the gang.) Opening Credits
Monica : (interrupts him) If someone wants to give us a present, we don?t want to deprive them of that joy.
Monica : Oh, I already have one.
Monica : Hey, I know I what I want!
Monica : No, you don?t want this. I want to have your grandmother?s cookie recipe.
Monica : Uh-huh, yeah.
Monica : I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
Monica : Okay. I?m gonna be the mom that makes the world?s best chocolate chip cookies.
Monica : Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?
Monica : What?
Monica : Wow! That?s great! Dad must really like you, he doesn?t ask just anyone to play.
Monica : This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
Monica : Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.
Monica : He hates to lose.
Monica : What?s wrong Phoebe?
Monica : No!! Why didn?t you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
Monica : (To Chandler) This is what happens when you don?t register for gifts!
Monica : No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
Monica : Yeah! I bet I can do it. (Chandler looks over and sees Ross glaring at them.)
Monica : All right, I definitely taste nutmeg.
Monica : You don?t? (Laughs) Well, that?s the difference between a professional and a layman.
Monica : Hey! How was sailing?
Monica : Hey! How was it?
Monica : Oh my God Chandler! I can?t believe it!
Monica : You gave my father a lap dance!
Monica : Listen, I?m sure that dad doesn?t care. He probably thought this was funny; he?ll be telling this story for years!
Monica : I wasn?t escaping.
Monica : I was trying to help out a squirrel.
Monica : (takes the phone from Ross) Come on. (Answering phone) Hello? (Listens) I?m sorry you have the wrong number. (Listens) (Whispering) Okay, I?ll call you later dad. I love you. (Hangs up.)
Monica : Okay, here?s batch 22. Ohh, maybe these?ll taste a little like your grandmother?s. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
Monica : Okay. Man, I have not made this many cookies since I was in the ninth grade.
Monica : No, just a Friday night. (They all take a bite.)
Monica : The ones we had right after you almost threw up.
Monica : Well, I?ve tried everything. I give up. I guess I?m not gonna be the mom who makes the world?s best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Monica : Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother?s? Wouldn?t they have the recipe?
Monica : What was her name?
Monica : Nestle Tollhouse?!
Monica : (grabbing a bag of Nestle Tollhouse chocolate chips) Phoebe, is this the recipe? (Tosses her the bag.)
Monica : I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
Monica : (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Hold on please. Joey, it?s your mom. (Hands him the phone.)
Monica : Wh-what are we gonna tell him?
Monica : And I have costumes.
Monica : Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
Monica : Still get a discount on wedding dresses?
Monica : I?m so happy for you!
Monica : What?!
Monica : Oooh!
Monica : (To Chandler) Hey sweetie.
Monica : I can?t tell you. It?s a secret.
Monica : Awww. (Kisses him.) But still no.
Monica : Really? Okay, so why don?t you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
Monica : If you tell me, I?ll tell you what Phoebe said.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Oh my God. He threw up?
Monica : Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe?s old massage place is getting fired.
Monica : That?s right! You lose sucker!! (Pause) Please still marry me.
Monica : Hey! Good, you?re home!
Monica : Hey baby. (Kisses him.)
Monica : I made you a surprise.
Monica : Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story I?ve had such a craving for them.
Monica : Ross!
Monica : No! No. They?re umm? They?re just uh?ground beef smileys. (Holding up one of the shells.)
Monica : Excuse me Mr. Mexico.
Monica : (trying not to laugh) I?m not laughing. (Ross and Chandler move closer to her and she starts laughing again.)
Monica : You?re right. I mean I?m sorry. Yeah, I shouldn?t be laughing. I should be laying down papers for you! (Runs off laughing which gets Chandler laughing.)
Monica : (running up to Ross) What happened in Atlantic City?!
Monica : (To Chandler) You kissed a guy?!! Oh my God.
Monica : Oh my God! (Laughing)
Monica : I-I already told him everything! (Threateningly) You shush!!
Monica : Ross used to stay up every Saturday night to watch Golden Girls!
Monica : It?s hard for some people!
Monica : Chandler one time wore my underwear to work!
Monica : Ohh, I?m sorry I couldn?t think of anymore for Ross!
Monica : Y?know, in my defense, umm there was no glitter on the macaroni and very little glue.
Monica : No!
Monica : I don?t know! Time to kiss a guy maybe?! (Ross laughs.) What are you laughing at Pampers? (He stops laughing and glares at her.)
Monica : Yeah?
Monica : Ohh, absolutely.
Monica : Yeah, definitely!
Monica : Then, I?d steer clear of Phoebe.
Monica : What?s the matter?
Monica : Oh, my mom called, they?re gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we?re looking for a good picture of us.
Monica : That?s not true, there are great pictures of us!
Monica : (looking at one) Oh, here?s a great one.
Monica : I know, but look at me all tan.
Monica : That?s a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y?know? (Does the whole hair blowing in the wind model type poses.)
Monica : Chandler what do you say?
Monica : Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
Monica : Yeah! (They turn to the camera, and Chandler does The Face again.) All right, maybe you don?t have to smile. Let?s try something else. Let?s try umm, try looking sexy.
Monica : Or not.
Monica : I know. Let?s try a look?of far off?wonderment. Okay, we?ll-we?ll gaze into our future and we?ll think about our marriage and the days to come. (Chandler is still not getting it.) Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!" (The photographer laughs.) Hey! Don?t laugh at him! He?s my drowning moron!
Monica : That?s it! Take it! Take it! Take it! (Chandler turns to the camera and does The Face.)
Monica : They can?t all be bad. (To Chandler) Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
Monica : Do you really want to pull at that thread? (Phoebe enters with Hums While He Pees also known as Kyle.)
Monica : (seeing him approach) Hey! There you are!
Monica : Are you okay?
Monica : What?!
Monica : Chandler, what were you thinking?
Monica : Chandler?
Monica : Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!
Monica : Okay. (She opens it up and shows it to them.)
Monica : Yeah, we really do!
Monica : Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
Monica : Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
Monica : First of all um, I love you both so much and you?re both so important to me?
Monica : Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine?
Monica : If Phoebe were my maid of honor?
Monica : Rachel would be Phoebe?s, I would be Rachel?s, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
Monica : (laughs) Well that?s the best part. Umm, you guys get to decide!
Monica : Because then I don?t have to!
Monica : I?m really not deciding!
Monica : Yeah that?s right.
Monica : Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she?she wished me good luck.
Monica : No, it?s more like a (sarcastically) good luck.
Monica : She was like 30, dark hair, attractive.
Monica : Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : Oh my God yes! Who is she?
Monica : Did you break up with her?
Monica : Why?
Monica : Fat?!
Monica : You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!
Monica : Well, apparently she does.
Monica : Chandler! (Knocks on the door.) Chandler! I just figured out who you are!
Monica : You?re Lewis Posin.
Monica : Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
Monica : No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa?. (Chandler emerges, without flushing by the way.) And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y?know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
Monica : No, I know. But y?know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Monica : It?s pretty clear.
Monica : Why don?t you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn?t have to apologize.
Monica : All right, I?I have to ask.
Monica : Are you gonna break up with me if I get fat again?
Monica : Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?
Monica : In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That?s not the point.
Monica : Well? That?s not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
Monica : How?
Monica : What if I have babies, okay? I mean I?m gonna look different. I?m okay with that, but I?m not sure that you are!
Monica : Keep going.
Monica : Even if I shrink down to two inches tall?
Monica : I love you. (They hug and kiss.)
Monica : (entering) Hey, what?s going on?
Monica : (gasps) Ohh, wow! That?s great! (Rachel and Monica hug.) Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we?ll get together before work! What do you say,
Monica : She sent the chicken back again?! The
Monica : Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in! (The waitress lets her in as Monica is about to throw a lobster into a pot of boiling water (Although, she hasn?t taken off the rubber bands that hold the claws, so she can?t be that good of a chef). Anyway, guess who the Colonel is by the following phrase.) The
Monica : (to the lobster) Lucky bastard! (Throws the lobster in and turns around to face the planet?s most annoying woman, next to Dr. Laura and Kathy Lee Gifford of course. She?s the most annoying female TV character however.) Janice.
Monica : I?m fine.
Monica : Oh? Uh?
Monica : Well, she saw the ring.
Monica : Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Monica : Well, she actually has a boyfriend y?know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
Monica : Huh?
Monica : Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Monica : Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won?t be so bad.
Monica : Oh my God, she?s not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
Monica : Really?
Monica : So-so you would?ve just lied?
Monica : Would it really have been that easy?
Monica : Good, so do it Saturday night because we?re going to dinner with her and Clark.
Monica : He might still show up.
Monica : Is that all?
Monica : It?s actually going to be just family.
Monica : What are we gonna do?
Monica : Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
Monica : (To Chandler) Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren?t they?
Monica : Yeah, in-in-in the bathroom.
Monica : We?ll just?we?ll just let her stay.
Monica : Kinda like your Barca lounger.
Monica : I never stop thinking about it.
Monica : Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
Monica : Because Chandler still has feelings for you!
Monica : That?s right. That?s right. And that is why you can?t stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn?t come to the wedding.
Monica : I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
Monica : It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.
Monica : Nobody cares about the Dakotas. (That?s true in so many ways, trust me, I?ve lived in one and been to the other.) [Chandler's watch beeps]
Monica : 'Cause you invited your assistant.
Monica : Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Monica : Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake, (Laughs) but I still do.
Monica : All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
Monica : (entering, to Joey and Rachel) Hey, did you guys know, that your oven doesn't work?
Monica : Ross, I'm gonna use yours, okay?
Monica : Chandler? Can you give me a hand? (Grabs her jacket)
Monica : Ross?s apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?
Monica : That's my pie!
Monica : Uh-oh! Uh-oh!
Monica : We left Joey alone with the food! (Walks towards the window and looks out) Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
Monica : Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment?
Monica : Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch!
Monica : Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and [Cut to Monica?s apartment] he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand.
Monica : I'll be right there!
Monica : (walks to Phoebe's door) Phoebe! Phoebe, open up!
Monica : Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
Monica : Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
Monica : Don't do what?
Monica : 1250.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Really? I'd say 3 to 4.
Monica : When it's your assistant, I would say never.
Monica : Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he?s obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
Monica : Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now.
Monica : Stop it. Stop! Okay let's go. We can be strong.
Monica : Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica! (She goes back to Clunkers again) Oooh, I can't leave her!
Monica : That's not gonna work.
Monica : Hey! I didn't know either.
Monica : Yeah, I knew.
Monica : Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!
Monica : Hi, honey.
Monica : What? Why, why would...
Monica : That's right, she came back all by herself.
Monica : Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and?it bent.
Monica : Did the girl ever let you ride it?
Monica : Making holiday candy for the neighbors.
Monica : I?m gonna hang this basket (Points to the one sitting on the table) on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
Monica : See? This is exactly why I?m making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
Monica : Where you can make out with your assistant.
Monica : Oh yeah, what?s the plan?
Monica : Wow! It took you all night to come up with that plan?!
Monica : Did you two?
Monica : Matt Guire, Mark Lynn, Ben Wire?
Monica : Okay.
Monica : The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!
Monica : Joey!! (She storms into his apartment to find him with a towel around his shoulders, a bowl on his head, and Phoebe with scissors in her hand.)
Monica : Did you eat all the neighbor candy?!
Monica : They love my candy? Oh man!!! I?ve gotta go make more!! (Starts to do so.)
Monica : Ross! The neighbors ate all my candy!!
Monica : (turning a light on) Who is that?!
Monica : Hi. Do you know what time it is?
Monica : Oh please! (To Chandler) Did you hear that? Little drops of heaven.
Monica : Umm, listen I am sorry, but I?ll put some out first thing in the morning.
Monica : Um-hmm.
Monica : Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Monica : Oh yeah! I saw her walkin? it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
Monica : Umm, can we see you ride it?
Monica : See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs. (To Chandler) Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
Monica : I?m sorry, I can?t help you. See? (Points to her new sign.) Rules are rules. The
Monica : No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell ?em? The
Monica : Some people have been saying its y?know little drops of heaven, but whatever. The
Monica : (still talking to the woman) All right, I?ll do it just this once! But you can?t tell anybody! The
Monica : (closing the door) It?s unbelievable! I-I can?t believe that sign didn?t work!
Monica : Hmm?
Monica : But they like it!
Monica : Maybe.
Monica : Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man? (Joey laughs but stops when Chandler turns to glare at him.)
Monica : Well, they?re just gonna have to wait aren?t they? I?ve only got two hands!!
Monica : No! You don?t know the system! There?ll be nobody messing with the system!
Monica : (opening the door and frantically) Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
Monica : (To Chandler) Thank you.
Monica : Did you smoke?
Monica : I?m fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
Monica : Betrothed? (Corrects him)
Monica : Hi!
Monica : (Offering Ross the skull) Licorice?
Monica : Are you gonna dress up as Santa?
Monica : No.
Monica : About a half an hour.
Monica : No.
Monica : Bing's weird.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Ahh, Phoebe, I'm gonna miss you!
Monica : Phoebe, don't worry about it. I'm sure she wants to live with you.
Monica : Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
Monica : I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing. Maitre
Monica : (pulling Chandler away from the Maitre d') You need to give him money.
Monica : No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin? you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
Monica : You've got to be smooth about it.
Monica : How did it go?
Monica : It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
Monica : I don't know.
Monica : We'd be eating our soup right now.
Monica : (sees two people exit) Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
Monica : It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Monica : Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
Monica : What happened to Santa, Holiday Armadillo?
Monica : Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from?Texas.
Monica : Because Armadillos also wandered in the desert?
Monica : Come on Ben. [Monica and Ben sit down on the couch.]
Monica : Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say. [They walk to the kitchen; everyone is lowering their voices]
Monica : (to Chandler) Hey, you think, you can keep it another night? (She has a really teasing look on her face and keeps twirling Chandler's beard.)
Monica : Yes, is that okay?
Monica : No.
Monica : What are you talking about?
Monica : You were invited?!
Monica : My God, I can?t believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
Monica : Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y?know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn?t have stopped her, there probably wouldn?t even be a wedding to go too.
Monica : Joey, that paper?s like a year old!
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Limited seating?! (Screechingly) I am just one tiny person!
Monica : (disgusted) Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That?s not the reason she?s not inviting me!
Monica : Joan?
Monica : Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn?t invited and you got "and guest?!"
Monica : Wait a minute, y?know, you?re bringing me!
Monica : Why not?!
Monica : Because! She?s my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We?re family y?know? Well that?s important to me.
Monica : (laughs) We?ll see.
Monica : David who?
Monica : Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : So! He?ll understand!
Monica : God, you are so strong.
Monica : Limited seating my ass. Let?s see who made the cut. (To the couple sitting to her right.) Hi! The Wedding
Monica : I?m Monica Gellar. Who do you know the bride and groom? The Wedding
Monica : Used to work with her. Used to! I?m a relative and I didn?t get invited! A blood relative! Blood!!
Monica : (to the couple on her left) So, how about you huh? How do you know the happy couple? The Second
Monica : Okay, you?re fine.
Monica : Here?s Frannie. Hmm, won?t she be happy to see me? (Starts to get up and great Frannie.)
Monica : Frannie was the one who found your Playboys and showed them to mom.
Monica : Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
Monica : You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What?Why wouldn?t you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?! (Frannie?s husband walks up.) Stuart!
Monica : Oh wait I forgot my wrap.
Monica : (looking up) Ross, when?s this comet thing start?
Monica : Okay, we?ve been out here for two hours and we haven?t seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler?s getting chilly. (She walks over to where Chandler is bundled up in a big coat and shivering.)
Monica : She?s sleeping.
Monica : Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what?s going to happen to you if you wake me up.
Monica : It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
Monica : With a wok? (Chandler?s holding a wok.) I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep.
Monica : Here, let me make the milk, I?m up anyway.
Monica : Okay that does sound like fun.
Monica : The second sister dies?!
Monica : The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
Monica : Okay, here?s your milk. What do you want to talk about? (She sees that Chandler has fallen asleep and slams the door loudly to wake him up.)
Monica : Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I?m sorry. Here. (Hands the mug of milk to him.)
Monica : Are you still awake?
Monica : You do know that was me who just said that right? (He doesn?t respond and she turns on the light, waking him.) Hey. As long as we?re both up?
Monica : What?! What are you doing?!
Monica : Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.
Monica : Nooo! No, that?s not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world! (She turns out the light to go back to sleep.)
Monica : What?!
Monica : Okay. Okay, I?m ready. Come on big fella!
Monica : Give me the good stuff.
Monica : Okay, I?m up! I?m up!
Monica : That really was some of your best work.
Monica : I have to be up in seven minutes.
Monica : Really?!
Monica : (entering, carrying a newspaper) Hey Ross! So, I was checking out the uh, real estate section?
Monica : Look at this. (Hands him the newspaper.)
Monica : I can?t believe mom and dad are selling the house!
Monica : Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it?s time the velvet ropes came down.
Monica : Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria?s Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Monica : As much as they love you?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : That was me and Ross.
Monica : Oh that?s a great idea. You?re really good on the phone.
Monica : Oh, that?s okay, I can?t wait to see everything again! All of the memories? Mr.
Monica : I used to love to play restaurant.
Monica : Hey, it is unreasonable to expect a child to wait for a light bulb to cook brownies! (She goes to the attic.) Mr.
Monica : Hey guys! Hey!
Monica : Hey, I just whipped us up some Easy Bake treats, they should be ready in about three days. Mr.
Monica : (wary) Okay. So, which boxes are mine?
Monica : Okay. (Starting to go through them) Oh! A coloring book! (Holding it up.)
Monica : (looking through it) Really? Wow! It looks like I had some trouble staying inside the lines.
Monica : (holding up a glove) Oh, an old glove? Mr.
Monica : Wow! Look at this! (Picking up a shirt.) I can?t believe I even fit into this shirt! (She holds it up and it
Monica : (holding up a small cowboy hat) This isn?t mine. (Sets it down and looks at the rest of the boxes.) Hey, this isn?t, this isn?t my stuff! Ugh, Ross! (Grabs and holds up a doll.) These are your boxes! Where are my boxes?
Monica : What?
Monica : Just mine? Mr.
Monica : So why-why wasn?t Ross?s stuff ruined? (Pause) And if you say the words medical marvel I?m going to Easy Bake your head! Mr.
Monica : So wait, Ross?s stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!! Mr.
Monica : I can?t believe this! (Storms out.) Mr.
Monica : Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this. (She picks up some kind of furry thing.) It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don?t even know what it is! Ohh, it?s still soft. (She rubs it against her cheek.) What do you think this is?
Monica : How do you think I am?! You?ve wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face! (Ross gets up to let his dad sit next to Monica.) Mr.
Monica : (opening it) What?s this? Mr.
Monica : (shocked) What?!
Monica : Wait, you?re giving me your Porsche, you?re kidding me right?!
Monica : All right!
Monica : (entering) Hey guys!
Monica : Do you guys know what happened to Chandler?s barca lounger?
Monica : Happy birthday!!! (Rachel glares at them and goes back into her room, closing her door.)
Monica : It?s your birthday!
Monica : Chocolate-chip pancakes! (There is no response from Rachel.)
Monica : They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
Monica : Rach, you?re in a great place in your life. Come on, you?ve got a great job! Good friends?
Monica : Well, doing nothing on your thirtieth is better than doing something stupid, like Ross.
Monica : I can?t believe you bought this.
Monica : All right Rach, for what it?s worth, I think that you?re doing great. I mean y?know let?s face it, no one handles this well.
Monica : Weren?t you asked to leave sonny? [Flashback to Monica and Chandler?s apartment. Chandler has a bunch of people over in formal wear to give Monica a surprise birthday party. Joey is coming out of the bathroom and removing his tie.]
Monica : Heyyy!! You got the door open!! (Giggles.)
Monica : Nooo! (Giggles) Okay. (She tries to pull herself up by Rachel and Joey?s doorknob, but the door opens and she almost falls into the their apartment. She manages to catch herself.) Whoa! (Stands up, unsteadily) Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning (whispering) thirty. (Giggles.) So the bus boys took me out for some drinks. (Pause) I wanna puke on you later!
Monica : Noo!!!
Monica : Noo!!
Monica : Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk! (Pause) That they know of.
Monica : Really?! You promise?
Monica : Okay. I love you so much. (Kisses him.)
Monica : What about your breath?! (Breathes on him.)
Monica : Okay. I can do that.
Monica : Ross, just forget about it. This guy?s got you totally wedged in. (A beautiful woman approaches.)
Monica : Yay!
Monica : (sees someone) Paul!
Monica : Phil!
Monica : Awwwww? (Giggles.)
Monica : All you had to do was buy the card!
Monica : Really! That long?! (Chandler slowly turns and looks at her.) (To Chandler) Look all you want, it?s happening!
Monica : You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now! (Growls and pulls him into a kiss.)
Monica : I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends?
Monica : I really like to say that I?m-um? (Pause) Y?know what I?d really like to say? I?m drunk!! (Mrs. Geller pulls the camera down.) That?s right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!! (Ross grabs the camera out of his dad?s hands.) And guess what! I?ve been drunk before! And I?ve smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It?s all okay. It?s okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up. (Falls over sideways with Ross filming the fall.)
Monica : Phoebe, y?know why don?t we just go upstairs and have some birthday cake?
Monica : Oh man!
Monica : He?s gonna eat the cake! [Cut outside, Joey is catching up with Phoebe.]
Monica : I?m glad you?re here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
Monica : Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony.
Monica : Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
Monica : Do you mind telling us what it is?
Monica : What is DOOL?
Monica : Who are they killing off?
Monica : Noo!!
Monica : She?s my favorite character on DOOL.
Monica : And the way she slaps all the time!
Monica : Wouldn?t you love to do it just once?! (Raises her hand towards Chandler.)
Monica : What is that?
Monica : It sounds like it?s coming from across the street.
Monica : What?
Monica : Nooo!!
Monica : No, there is no way! It can not be Ross! (She looks through the window and sees Ross practicing and fumbling around with the pipes.) Unbelievable! Why is your family Scottish?!
Monica : He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It?s not even a song!
Monica : Do you want some shortbread? Eh that?s Scottish like you are.
Monica : No! No-no they?re not. They?re still very angry! But y?know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
Monica : (interrupting) You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!!
Monica : (entering with Rachel) Oh my God! It?s true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
Monica : Would you slap me? Would you slap me right here in the face?! (Points to her cheek.)
Monica : (breaks away) Oh wait, just one more thing! One more minute! (To Cecilia) Umm, you?re a stupid bitch.
Monica : Nice to meet you! My God you?re great!
Monica : What about the second minister we meet with? I kinda liked him.
Monica : Come on! It wasn?t that bad!
Monica : All right, what about the third guy?
Monica : Can you blame him?
Monica : Well then we still have a problem.
Monica : Well, we?re trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they?re all either boring or annoying or y?know, can?t stop staring at the ladies. (Points to her chest.) (Joey nods his approval.)
Monica : Phoebe, we?re getting married, married; not sixth grade married.
Monica : Are you serious?
Monica : We?re never gonna find anybody.
Monica : Joey look it?s really sweet?
Monica : That is true.
Monica : It might be kinda cool.
Monica : Hey Pheebs, how?s it going?
Monica : Oh, I?m sorry. Can I get you something?
Monica : Here, take a couple of these. (She gets up to grab a couple of pills.)
Monica : It?s Hexadrin.
Monica : Okay, while we?re waiting for these pills to kick in, I?m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on. (Phoebe gets up and goes with her.) Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I?m gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I?m?Sit down?(She sits down on the couch)?gonna make you some tea. And then, I?m gonna rub your feet.
Monica : Hexadrin. (She gets the box out of her purse.)
Monica : No Phoebe, those are like the side affects and stuff.
Monica : Y?know, the possible side affects.
Monica : Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
Monica : In case it happens.
Monica : You did it! You got ordained?!
Monica : Phoebe, your liver is right here. (She points to the right side of her torso.)
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
Monica : How about receiving?
Monica : I gotcha. Sorry. (To Monica) So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
Monica : It doesn?t say that!
Monica : There you go!
Monica : No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross?s mom.
Monica : And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much?
Monica : (standing outside) Cute PJ?s! You?re really livin? it up here in London huh?
Monica : (entering) Is Joey here?
Monica : Wouldn?t you be?
Monica : Really?
Monica : Well, not anymore.
Monica : I know, I just thought it would be fun.
Monica : Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Monica : Okay! (They run to the bed, sit down, and start making out again.)
Monica : (breaking the kiss) Y?know what?s weird?
Monica : This doesn?t feel weird!
Monica : You?re a really good kisser.
Monica : Hm-hmm!
Monica : Wow! You are really fast!
Monica : We?re gonna see each other naked.
Monica : Do you wanna do it at the same time?
Monica : One!
Monica : Two! Monica and
Monica : Eh, we weren?t that close anyway!
Monica : Okay, can we change the topic? Because it?s really doing nothing for me.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Okay, fine but please don?t be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted?just sex. So, when I?went to your room that night?I was actually looking?for Joey. (Joey smiles.)
Monica : No because it-it didn?t seem important.
Monica : Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
Monica : Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
Monica : Wait Chandler come on, let?s?it?s not a big deal!
Monica : Hey-hey.
Monica : Yeah baby! (Phoebe and Joey nod.)
Monica : Honey! Dinner?s ready! (Joey, whose new diet is working out great, he looks like he only weighs 375 down from 420 enters from the bedroom.) Fat
Monica : Your favorite!
Monica : Yep! And lot?s of it! Fat
Monica : Okay, in we go. (Monica gets behind him and in combination with his sliding the chair forward and her pushing with her leg manages to get up to the table.) Fat
Monica : So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
Monica : Chandler.
Monica : I will.
Monica : No, I?ll do it. You just stick to your job.
Monica : There were only twelve.
Monica : What are peanut butter fingers?!
Monica : This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I can?t believe I found it! (Another woman walks up.) The
Monica : Well I?m Monica Geller, ball like a baby. The
Monica : Have you found your dress yet?
Monica : No, I can?t afford this either. No. I-I-I?m, I?m just to figure out which one I want then I?m gonna get it at Kleinman?s, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
Monica : Yeah! So-so when are you getting married?
Monica : Oh May 15th.
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Jeffery.
Monica : The best man? Wow!
Monica : Oh, my fiancee wants the Swing Kings.
Monica : All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you?re looking for! (Holds up a picture of it.) Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right? (She passes out whistles to them.) Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
Monica : All right. (A worker comes to open the door and the horde starts to press forward.) A
Monica : (To Rachel) Hey! Don?t be a baby!
Monica : No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it. (Checks another rack and another woman tries to reach around her.) (To the woman) Don?t crowd me! (Finds it) This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it?s perfect! (She takes it off of the rack and someone has a hold of it on the other side of the rack and tugs on it.) I?m sorry, this one?s taken! (The other woman tugs harder pulling Monica through the rack.) Whoa!
Monica : Megan!
Monica : You came?!
Monica : This is my dress!
Monica : Yes it is! You saw me wearing it!
Monica : What? You freak! You wouldn?t even have known about this place if it wasn?t for me!
Monica : Maybe I do! I?m pretty feisty! (She blows the signal.) [Cut to Phoebe in another part of the store.]
Monica : (handing Phoebe the dress) Go! Go! Go!
Monica : NOW!!!!!!!! (Rachel runs off and Monica gets up to follow her.)
Monica : Oh?
Monica : Hello? (Listens) What?! (Listens) You what?! (Listens) Hey you listen here missy! (Listens) Wh?(She is hung up on.)
Monica : That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn?t have them back unless I gave her the dress!
Monica : What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh?Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
Monica : How? (There are three short whistle blasts from the bathroom.)
Monica : Phoebe, he?s gotta be in the room for that to work.
Monica : Well umm, we were just talking about the y?know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y?know, they were the right way to go.
Monica : Oh crap!
Monica : (from the bedroom) Don?t come in here!
Monica : No! We only mess around at his place!
Monica : No, I?m wearing a wedding dress.
Monica : Yeah but I?m not keeping it.
Monica : Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you can?t like it.
Monica : Really?
Monica : Oh because it doesn?t?really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Monica : Okay! But you can?t rip it. Well, maybe a little.
Monica : (entering) Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding? (They ignore her.) Guys?
Monica : All right? What?s going on? (They all slowly turn around to reveal that they are giving themselves a facial.)
Monica : I?m sorry. I?m sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone. (She heads for the bedroom.)
Monica : Joey!
Monica : Congratulations! Wow! I can?t believe you?re nominated for an Emmy!
Monica : Oh Soap Opera Digest award!
Monica : Honey? Is that something you?re making up?
Monica : (to Joey) Okay, I?ll go!
Monica : Really? (Looks.) My God, he?s really cute.
Monica : Phoebe, I?m engaged!
Monica : Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I?m engaged. (Points to her ring.) The Cute
Monica : Well you should be embarrassed. (Leaves.) The Cute
Monica : Hey! How?d your date go with Jake?
Monica : Okay, stop it Phoebe, you?re getting me all tingly.
Monica : And did he?
Monica : Okay-okay, I got it. I got it.
Monica : Oh, I haven?t had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I?m never gonna have that feeling again am I?
Monica : No, a guy would be saying, "I?m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I?m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I?ve been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I?d be giving up! I mean, I?I?m never gonna have a first kiss again.
Monica : Phoebe, it?s okay. You don?t have to tip toe around me. I-I?ve been thinking about it and umm, y?know what? I?m okay about not having that new relationship feeling?
Monica : See? That?s what I mean. I mean that, that?s great! But I wouldn?t trade in what I have for that. I mean I?m gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that?s what makes me happy. (Chandler approaches.) Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don?t you think?
Monica : Have you seen Chandler?
Monica : ?Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I?m not gonna have and it?s freaking me out. I don?t know what to do about it.
Monica : Phoebe! Come on I?m serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
Monica : Why?
Monica : You gotta help me out here Pheebs.
Monica : So I?m not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I?m gonna spend the rest of my life with?
Monica : Your mother told you this?
Monica : The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
Monica : Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
Monica : You?re wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
Monica : Doesn?t it ever just freak you out that-that you?re never gonna be with anybody new again?
Monica : Just, I love you so much. Just?It?s just sometimes it bothers me that I?m never gonna have that feeling. Y?know when you meet someone for the first time and it?s new and exciting? Y?know that rush?
Monica : Okay, but all right you?re a guy, does it not freak you that you?re never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Monica : Even with me?
Monica : Really?
Monica : Come here! Come here! (They hug.) Sweetie you don?t have to worry. No, besides y?know what? I?m gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid?
Monica : What was it for?
Monica : Wow!
Monica : Yeah. But a part of me also can?t wait ?til it?s over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Monica : Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand?
Monica : I gotta make up the guest bedroom. (To Ross) Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.
Monica : Uh-hmm.
Monica : Ross, she?s 25 years old.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Subtle guys!
Monica : I know you?re planning my surprise bridal shower.
Monica : Okay. Sorry. (She goes into the guest bedroom.)
Monica : Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
Monica : That?s what you say about porn.
Monica : No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Monica : Plus, everyone?s gonna see your thing. (Giggles.)
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Oh boy me too!
Monica : Yeah?
Monica : The wedding is off, sloppy and immature!
Monica : Okay. (They both jump up to head for there room, but Monica stops.) But wait, we can?t. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we?re supposed to have lunch.
Monica : Shrill?! The wedding is back on! (Cassie enters from the guest room, with her hair up. The extremely beautiful and sexy Denise Richards is playing Cassie. Woo hoo! For those of you who don?t know who she is, rent Wild Things and she was also the last Bond girl in The World Is Not Enough.)
Monica : So, are you ready to go?
Monica : (catching him) Chandler!
Monica : (To Ross) Cassie needs to stay at your place.
Monica : Because Purvry Perverson over here can?t stop staring at her.
Monica : You were staring about eight inches south of there.
Monica : She looks exactly like Aunt Marilyn.
Monica : Wafer thin ice!
Monica : So to get this part you can?t be?
Monica : But you are?
Monica : But you told them you weren?t?
Monica : Wow! Wow! And it?s definitely all gone? There?s nothing there to work with? (Joey glares at her.) What were you thinking?
Monica : Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to?grow a turtleneck!
Monica : Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
Monica : Unless!
Monica : Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.
Monica : Well I?m not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I?m thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : Well uh, I?m trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?
Monica : Okay. (Opens the fridge.) All right, turkey. Eh, that won?t work. Cheese? (Picks it up) That won?t work. Olive loaf? (Picks it up) I hope that won?t work.
Monica : No it?s umm, more like a wrap. Okay so uh, I?m gonna go guys. Phoebe and
Monica : I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present! (Runs out.)
Monica : Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.
Monica : Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap. (Points to it.) Umm, this one is made of bologna. (Points.)
Monica : Oh, just until the glue dries.
Monica : (to a whole group) Now, these are-are more realistic, but perishable.
Monica : Okay? (To a different group) Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it?s gonna shrink.
Monica : I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that?s really just for me. (Rubs it against her cheek.) Okay. So, why don?t you go into your room and try these on and we?ll see?get a better idea of what?s gonna work.
Monica : Toothpick?
Monica : What are you trying on now?
Monica : And?
Monica : Joey!
Monica : What?! Which one?!
Monica : Phoebe! Rachel! It?s Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice! (She bursts into the apartment to find only Phoebe and Rachel sitting on the couch.) Oh.
Monica : For what?
Monica : You al-you already had it?
Monica : Well no wait a minute that?s not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
Monica : Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents (Motions to the pile in the corner) without having to talk to people I don?t even like! (Suddenly, everyone stands up and comes out of hiding. All of them are glaring at Monica.)
Monica : Wait a minute, she isn?t? She?s not the one who you?
Monica : Wow!
Monica : (To Joey) They were lovers.
Monica : (telling Chandler the seating arrangement) Okay so this is where the band is. (Points.) And this is where the bar is. (Points) And all these pins have people?s names on them. (She has pins to show the seating at each of the tables.) And Rach, here you are. (Points to Rachel?s place.)
Monica : (To Chandler) Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
Monica : Chandler, relax it?s not a contest. (To Rachel) Certainly not a close one.
Monica : Okay, I think that?s it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they?re having fun don?t they?
Monica : Oh! (Gets up) Let?s see, well?if this is the wedding hall then umm (Walks away) you?re parents will be at home in Queens.
Monica : Why would they think they?re invited?
Monica : Joey!
Monica : Ross?s parents are my parents!
Monica : Oh please, you just want more blue pins.
Monica : All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
Monica : Hey. Oh good-good you?re here! All right, I figured it out. I?m gonna take two tables of eight, I?m gonna add your parents, and I?m gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
Monica : (looking at him) What?!
Monica : Oh that?s too bad. It?s true, but too bad.
Monica : Oh Joey!
Monica : No she hasn?t.
Monica : Well, what am I going to say?
Monica : (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani? (Listens) Hi, this is Monica Geller. (Listens) Yeah I?m just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren?t delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office! (Joey nods his approval.) (Listens) T-Tell me about it! (Listens) Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office! (Listens) What are they Irish?! (Joey gives her a thumbs up.)
Monica : Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
Monica : What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets!
Monica : 007 has a fancy car!
Monica : 007 gets all the ladies.
Monica : How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I?ll make you a nice martini.
Monica : How about a Youhoo with a funny straw?
Monica : Hey.
Monica : The show?!
Monica : Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
Monica : The wedding starts at six.
Monica : You?ll vamp?!
Monica : You just carry that around?
Monica : Between you and?
Monica : A little tight? I could see double-oh and seven in those pants.
Monica : All right that?s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don?t care!
Monica : (defeated) Oh.
Monica : Do you realize that four weeks from today we?re getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!!
Monica : There?s still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet?
Monica : Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
Monica : No! But I know exactly what I?m going to say.
Monica : (handing him a pad of paper and a pen) Let?s just do it right now. Okay? It won?t be hard. Just say what?s in your heart. (She goes back, sits down, and starts feverishly writing.)
Monica : You have to help me! I?m supposed to be writing my vows and all I have is this! (Shows them what she?s been working on.)
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : Those are my eyes! Those are my breasts. (Points.)
Monica : Hi, I'm Ross's little sister.
Monica : Ennnh. [Cut back to the girls.]
Monica : Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?!
Monica : Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones. (She starts labelling them) You got one, two three, four (Chandler is shocked to find out there?s more than three), five, six, and seven!
Monica : It?s kind of an important one!
Monica : All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4, (Rachel starts getting worked up) 2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 ?7..?7?7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7?(mouths 7)! (They both lean back on the couch satisfied.) [Cut to the guys.]
Monica : No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Monica : Oh yeah? When?
Monica : Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica : Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica : What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Monica : Well?
Monica : (Comes up for below the covers and looks concerned.) Do you think he knew I was here? (Chandler quickly looks at Monica not knowing what to say.) [Cut to Chandler opening the door to his and Joey?s apartment to reveal Monica standing there with a turkey on her head in The One With The Thanksgiving Flashbacks.]
Monica : Wait, wait, wait! (She puts a Shriner's hat on the turkey.)
Monica : Look! (She puts a big, yellow pair of sunglasses on the bird.)
Monica : I bet this will work! (She starts dancing and Chandler cracks up.)
Monica : What?
Monica : You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
Monica : Yes, you did!
Monica : You love me!
Monica : Then all your stuff would be here.
Monica : Then you?d be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn?t make any sense.
Monica : You wanted it to be a surprise. (He turns to look at Joey who smiles slyly and closes the door leaving them alone.)
Monica : Chandler? In all my life? I never thought I would be so lucky. (Starting to cry.) As to?fall in love with my best?my best? There?s a reason why girls don?t do this!
Monica : Yes. (The crowd goes wild as he puts the ring on her finger. They hug and kiss this time as an engaged couple.)
Monica : Come in! Come in! (Joey, Rachel, and Phoebe burst through the door.) We?re engaged!!! (Everyone screams and has a group hug.) Commercial Break
Monica : Chicken? I could eat some chicken.
Monica : Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Monica : Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell. (Joey thinks it over.)
Monica : (on phone) I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
Monica : (on phone) Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big?
Monica : Bye!
Monica : Actually, I did!
Monica : Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us! [Cut to later in that episode. Monica and Chandler are confronting Joey in his apartment about Phoebe?s knowledge.]
Monica : Them?! Who's them?
Monica : Joey!
Monica : Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So?
Monica : She's bluffing!
Monica : You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Monica : Of course. [Cut back to the living room. Chandler slowly exits the bathroom and gets pushed from behind by Monica and sees Phoebe closing the apartment door.]
Monica : I love you too Chandler. (They kiss.)
Monica : Well actually, Ross doesn't.
Monica : Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle. (Reads the back) 'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
Monica : Let's see, 1939... yeah, 24, 25?
Monica : Hey, you guys!
Monica : Oh that?s so sweet.
Monica : Yeah, I don?t hear Chandler?s and he doesn?t hear mine.
Monica : Chandler!!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Yeah, well he?s my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.
Monica : Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you?re done.
Monica : Nice work everybody! So much for the y?know, "You can drive it, but don?t tell Rachel" plan!
Monica : Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won?t let you drive the Porsche is because you?re a terrible driver. There! That wasn?t about the wedding.
Monica : Chandler, we still haven?t gotten an RSVP from your dad.
Monica : Chandler! He?s your father; he should be at the wedding.
Monica : Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn?t even asked?!
Monica : So what! As long as he?s not wearing a white dress and a veil I don?t care.
Monica : Here! (She sets a bag down in front of him.)
Monica : It?s your suitcase. We?re going to Las Vegas.
Monica : We?re going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It?s time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
Monica : No you didn?t. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you?re marrying me, you don?t get to win anymore.
Monica : Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know?
Monica : Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That?s a, that?s a pretty great dad.
Monica : Who?s Mr. Girabaldi?
Monica : Chandler, you?re not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it?s time that you let that stuff go. If your father?s not at your wedding?you?re gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Monica : Yes!
Monica : How much did ever really win before?
Monica : Uh oh yeah, she did. Uh, he did. (To Chandler) She? (To the waiter) I?m-I?m sorry I?m new. I don?t? Waiter in
Monica : I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
Monica : Why not?!
Monica : What?!
Monica : That can?t be your father.
Monica : What?
Monica : Relax! You?ll be fine. (Chandler exhales and turns off the table light.) Oh much better. You?re invisible now.
Monica : Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter?Uh, tress!
Monica : I?m-I?m Monica.
Monica : New York.
Monica : (looks at Chandler) In?in two weeks.
Monica : (To Chandler) You okay?
Monica : Do you realize this is probably the last time we?ll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
Monica : Old?
Monica : That?s much better.
Monica : We?re gonna pick up the wedding dress then we?re gonna have lunch with mom. (Joey stands up.)
Monica : I?m making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
Monica : Well, so far I have uh, my bride?s maids dresses won?t get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don?t have my something blue.
Monica : I had to go with the odds Rach.
Monica : That other play?
Monica : Wait! Wait! Wait! You can?t start today! Today?s the rehearsal dinner!
Monica : Oh. Well then way to go you big movie star!
Monica : Who did we fight in World War I?
Monica : Honey, we gotta go!
Monica : (laughs) I don?t have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
Monica : Hey, do you realize that at this time tomorrow we?ll be getting married?
Monica : I just, I can?t believe that we made it!
Monica : I?m sorry but?nothing.
Monica : Well?honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.
Monica : Really?
Monica : Ohh, I?m so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it?s really, it?s made me stay calm. (Chandler just looks at her.) I coulda been worse!
Monica : (voice on answering machine) Hi! If you?re calling before Saturday, you?ve reached Monica and Chandler. But if you?re calling after Saturday, you?ve reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings! (Chandler freaks out and loosens his tie.)
Monica : Hey Maureen! (They hug.) Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
Monica : What is that?
Monica : Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller. Mrs.
Monica : Dad! There?s Ross (points), why don?t you go talk to him? (Mr. and Mrs. Geller start to walk away.) Mr.
Monica : Hi Mr.?Bing. Mr.
Monica : It-it?s so great to see you both here. Mr.
Monica : Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler?s dad and try to keep him away from Chandler?s mom?
Monica : He is the man in the black dress.
Monica : All right, I?m gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
Monica : Who wants it? Anybody?
Monica : Nobody wants to do it? All right, I?ll do it myself.
Monica : Y?know what? You?re right, I?m sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
Monica : Okay. Sorry. (Monica goes into the bathroom.)
Monica : (entering from her room, excitedly) I?m getting married today!!! (She trips and falls.) (Getting up) I think I just cracked a rib. But I don?t care because today?s my wedding day! My day is finally here!! (Runs back into her room.)
Monica : (re-entering) I?m gonna start getting ready! (Goes back into her room.)
Monica : Hey! Okay, so I thought we?d start with my make up and then do my hair.
Monica : About what?
Monica : Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
Monica : Any woman would be lucky to have ya.
Monica : (jumping up) Rachel! You okay?
Monica : (interrupting) The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I?m sorry! I have to start getting ready! I?m getting married today!
Monica : (getting up) I?m gonna go put my make up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour! (Starts for the bathroom.)
Monica : What?!
Monica : I can?t go to lunch!!
Monica : (entering) What?s going on?
Monica : Okay, you?re-you?re really freaking me out.
Monica : How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!
Monica : Oh wow! Okay. Don?t scare me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The worst has happened!" (Monica goes into the bathroom and Phoebe and Rachel breathe a sigh of relief.)
Monica : I wanna wear this everyday.
Monica : (starting to cry) I?m so happy for me. (The phone rings and Rachel answers it.)
Monica : I know! Hey, how?s Chandler doin??
Monica : Are you okay?
Monica : Well, you?re-you?re sweating.
Monica : Oh that?s sweet. Don?t touch me.
Monica : She?s right there. Mrs.
Monica : Not now.
Monica : (To Chandler) Who is this? The
Monica : (To Rachel) He took off?
Monica : Chandler, for so long I?I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I?d ever been looking for my whole life. And now?here we are?with our future before us?and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don?t want to. You go!
Monica : I do.
Monica : What baby?
Monica : We have a baby?
Monica : I didn?t take a pregnancy test.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Guys! I?m not pregnant.
Monica : You didn?t tell anybody I was did you?!
Monica : (To Joey) Oh, about that. Joey, you have to change before the party.
Monica : Find some! Please! Anything that doesn?t say I-I died tragically in France. (Joey leaves to find clothes.)
Monica : Because I?m not.
Monica : What are you talking about?
Monica : Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?! (Flash) Does this look like a conversation that I want to remember?!
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Why?!
Monica : Phoebe, come on, you have to tell us.
Monica : Honey, I?m going to put my hand in your pocket!
Monica : No.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Oh that is so sweet!
Monica : Yes. (They walk onto the dance floor and Chandler slips and almost falls.)
Monica : What?s the matter?
Monica : Well, are you going to be able to do this?
Monica : Well, the good news is, I don?t think anyone?s looking at us. [Cut to Phoebe and Rachel at their table.]
Monica : (seeing him) Oh sweet Lord.
Monica : Honey, I?m not even going to pretend I was listening. (Sees someone else.) Hey! Hey! (Goes over to that person.) [Cut to the hallway outside the room, Ross is going to see which table he?s at and sees a beautiful woman doing the same thing.]
Monica : Can you believe Phoebe got pregnant?!
Monica : This is so huge.
Monica : Of course not nothing is. Between me and you?
Monica : ?in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
Monica : How?
Monica : Well I-I talked to and uh, she?s definitely going to have this baby. Y?know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
Monica : Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it?s gonna be.
Monica : Well, there?s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she?s not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
Monica : Are you okay?
Monica : Oh really?!
Monica : (interrupting) Rachel?s really the one who?s pregnant.
Monica : How do you feel?
Monica : Yes! Maybe it?s a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?
Monica : You-you gotta take it now. Come on, do it as a present to me.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Oh, wait a minute! Who?s is the father?!
Monica : Oh, come on it?s my wedding! That can be my present.
Monica : Hey, are you ready to get back on the dance floor?
Monica : Ohh come on, I love this song! Come on, you?ll be fine. (She starts to walk towards the floor.)
Monica : Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me. (Chandler grunts.) Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn?t matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on. (They go onto the floor.) Just try not to move your feet at all. (Chandler starts to get into the groove and bust a move.) There you go. (Mr. Geller dances over.) Mr.
Monica : (entering) Did I miss it? (Phoebe nods no.) Rachel, I-I want you to know that, if it?s positive, we?re gonna?
Monica : Go ahead Rach. (She goes over to look.)
Monica : Well? Well, great.
Monica : Oh God?
Monica : Are you really gonna do this?
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Guys! I?m not pregnant.
Monica : You didn?t tell anybody I was did you?!
Monica : (To Joey) Oh, about that. Joey, you have to change before the party.
Monica : Find some! Please! Anything that doesn?t say I-I died tragically in France. (Joey leaves to find clothes.)
Monica : Because I?m not.
Monica : What are you talking about?
Monica : Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?! (Flash) Does this look like a conversation that I want to remember?!
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Why?!
Monica : Phoebe, come on, you have to tell us.
Monica : Honey, I?m going to put my hand in your pocket!
Monica : No.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Oh that is so sweet!
Monica : Yes. (They walk onto the dance floor and Chandler slips and almost falls.)
Monica : What?s the matter?
Monica : Well, are you going to be able to do this?
Monica : Well, the good news is, I don?t think anyone?s looking at us. [Cut to Phoebe and Rachel at their table.]
Monica : (seeing him) Oh sweet Lord.
Monica : Honey, I?m not even going to pretend I was listening. (Sees someone else.) Hey! Hey! (Goes over to that person.) [Cut to the hallway outside the room, Ross is going to see which table he?s at and sees a beautiful woman doing the same thing.]
Monica : Can you believe Phoebe got pregnant?!
Monica : This is so huge.
Monica : Of course not nothing is. Between me and you?
Monica : ?in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
Monica : How?
Monica : Well I-I talked to and uh, she?s definitely going to have this baby. Y?know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
Monica : Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it?s gonna be.
Monica : Well, there?s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she?s not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
Monica : Are you okay?
Monica : Oh really?!
Monica : (interrupting) Rachel?s really the one who?s pregnant.
Monica : How do you feel?
Monica : Yes! Maybe it?s a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?
Monica : You-you gotta take it now. Come on, do it as a present to me.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Oh, wait a minute! Who?s is the father?!
Monica : Oh, come on it?s my wedding! That can be my present.
Monica : Hey, are you ready to get back on the dance floor?
Monica : Ohh come on, I love this song! Come on, you?ll be fine. (She starts to walk towards the floor.)
Monica : Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me. (Chandler grunts.) Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn?t matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on. (They go onto the floor.) Just try not to move your feet at all. (Chandler starts to get into the groove and bust a move.) There you go. (Mr. Geller dances over.) Mr.
Monica : (entering) Did I miss it? (Phoebe nods no.) Rachel, I-I want you to know that, if it?s positive, we?re gonna?
Monica : Go ahead Rach. (She goes over to look.)
Monica : Well? Well, great.
Monica : Oh God?
Monica : Are you really gonna do this?
Monica : Yeah I am!
Monica : That?s right. Get it out of your system while we?re alone.
Monica : Oh no, I already packed. The only thing I couldn?t find though was your Speedo. (Joey looks at him, Phoebe tries not to smile, and Chandler is shocked.)
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : This is so great! And I?m gonna be your baby?s aunt!
Monica : Yeah, but I?m the only one related by blood.
Monica : Well, what were you gonna say?
Monica : Hey! Good luck!
Monica : Well I guess there is no harm in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.
Monica : I didn?t think you could keep it a secret.
Monica : They?re kissing let?s just go around them.
Monica : I?m in love too! But in an orderly fashion. Ticket
Monica : (to the couple) Hi! Can you do that and walk? ?Cause she said, "Next." (The couple moves up to the counter.)
Monica : (To Chandler) Did you hear that?! They bumped them up to first class because they are on their honeymoon! Come on! Let?s act like we?re on our honeymoon.
Monica : Grab my ass! Ticket
Monica : Hi, sorry. I almost didn?t hear you, because y?know I?m just so in love with my new husband. We?re on our honeymoon. Ticket
Monica : Oh no, you see we?re on our honeymoon. So umm, can you do your little thing and bump us up to first class? Ticket
Monica : You see, if we?d gone around them like I said, we?She would?ve given us those tickets. Damnit!
Monica : Look at that! Look at that! They?re going into the first class lounge! Do you know what they have in there?
Monica : Me neither! We have to get in! (She runs through the door with Chandler in tow.)
Monica : Oh my God! Oranges!
Monica : Fine. (Starts to walk away then she runs over and grabs an orange before she exits.) Go! Go! Go!
Monica : I can?t believe we?re here.
Monica : What? (Monica sees the first couple and gasps.) Front Desk
Monica : No!! You have been screwing us all day!
Monica : Yeah! You already got the first class tickets; you got the lounge! I mean we should get free stuff too! I mean you?re not the only ones on your honeymoon!
Monica : What? Are you serious?! (To Chandler) Joey smells gas!
Monica : Well do something! Get in there!
Monica : Yeah! Do that!
Monica : No! (Pause) Are you doing it?! I don?t hear anything! Come on!
Monica : You?re really sticking with the shell necklace huh? (Points to necklace of shells he?s wearing.) (Joey and Phoebe burst forth from his apartment.)
Monica : Hi sweetie!
Monica : Oh, so much fun. But the best part is, we met this incredible couple on the way back.
Monica : No, they were really cool. They were on their honeymoon too!
Monica : Yeah, can we go call them? Is it too soon to call? I wanna call.
Monica : I know.
Monica : This is different! Greg and Jenny are in a relationship.
Monica : We didn?t get anything for anyone.
Monica : That you can have. Opening Credits {Transcriber?s
Monica : It was great! It was great! How about you?! I mean you?re having a baby!
Monica : Oh great! (Shows them the picture.)
Monica : All right, so now that Ross knows can you tell us y?know how it happened? I mean, when did it happen? How many times did it happen?
Monica : Do you still wanna call ?em? I wanna call ?em.
Monica : (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Eighth street deli?
Monica : (on phone) Uh sorry, wrong number. (Hangs up)
Monica : (on phone) Hello? (Listens) (To All) It?s the deli again!
Monica : (hangs up) I don?t think this number?s right! (Joey and Phoebe laugh.)
Monica : What?! People don?t do that!
Monica : They gave us a fake number? Why? Why would they do that?
Monica : And you?ve never been funnier. Joke, joke, joke, you were a hoot!
Monica : Yeah, definitely.
Monica : I still don't get why Greg and Jenny would give us a fake number.
Monica : Okay, maybe people give out fake numbers, but they don?t give out fake names.
Monica : I know! Although, you did tell an awful lot of jokes.
Monica : (rolling her head from side to side) Joke. Joke. Blah! Blah! (Joey and Phoebe laugh.)
Monica : What about my questions?
Monica : Oh, I?m sorry. Was that another joke?
Monica : Hell yeah!!!
Monica : (taking Rachel?s hand) Sweetie okay. It?s okay. Everybody made it to the wedding. I?m fine.
Monica : I know.
Monica : You used the Europe story!
Monica : (on phone) Hello Greg? (Listens) Hi, this is Monica from the plane? Listen, the number that you gave me 853-5? (Listens) (To Chandler) That is their old number! Jenny?s been giving it out since they moved!
Monica : Okay, now this one is rare, this one is medium well! Now go-go-go! (Phoebe enters) Hey Phoebe!
Monica : Hey how was dinner?!
Monica : Okay!
Monica : Okay! (Phoebe turns to leave but notices an attractive man.)
Monica : Uh Tim? This is Phoebe. Phoebe this is Tim, my new sous chef.
Monica : Hey Tim? I need a calamari and a Caesar salad. And umm, could you get me the pesto?
Monica : All right, I still need a calamari and a Caesar salad.
Monica : All right, all right! Let?s just cut to the chase, okay? (To Phoebe) You?re single. (To Tim) You?re single. (To Phoebe) He gets off work at eleven. (To Tim) She?ll be waiting for your call. (To Phoebe) I?ll give him your number if I can get one calamari and one Caesar salad!! (Everyone in the kitchen stops.) I did not yell. I am not putting a dollar in the jar. Opening Credits
Monica : Hi!
Monica : I?I have to fire him.
Monica : Because he?s terrible! Okay, he?s slow, he burns things, last night he lit my pastry chef on fire!
Monica : Well, now she has no eyebrows, mission accomplished.
Monica : (thinks about it) All right, but if-if he lights someone else on fire he is out of there!
Monica : I paid to have this done.
Monica : Hey. Okay, I gave him another chance, but Tim has got to go!
Monica : No! No-no! He is totally incompetent. I called the chef who recommended him to me. He said, "Ha-ha! Gotcha!"
Monica : Why not?!
Monica : What?! You said he was sweet!
Monica : Just don?t pick up your phone.
Monica : What? So now I?m not allowed to fire him?
Monica : Okay well then, I?ll fire him today and you go out with him for another week.
Monica : Okay well, then we?ll both do it today and he?ll just have to deal with it!
Monica : What do you mean?
Monica : I wanted to do this days ago so I think I should go first.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Uh well that depends, how are things with Phoebe?
Monica : Oh my pleasure. Okay, I?m afraid I?ve got some bad news. (Phoebe enters.) Phoebe!
Monica : (simultaneously) You?re fired!
Monica : You?re fired.
Monica : Yeah and-and I?m sorry too. But, well I just?I like things done a certain way and the chemistry?s just not right.
Monica : Tim wait!
Monica : Umm, I think I spoke too quickly. There-there?s a learning curve with this job and maybe we can try it again.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Okay. (They both look at Phoebe.)
Monica : Hey you guys?
Monica : I know it?s last minute, but we decided to have a Halloween party.
Monica : And everybody has to wear costumes. (And there?s general disconcertment.) Come on! It?ll be fun!
Monica : You have to!
Monica : So Ross, are you gonna bring Mona?
Monica : Wait! You?re supposed to wear a costume!
Monica : Oh.
Monica : I?m Catwoman, who wants to borrow the dress when you?re too big for it.
Monica : So we do Supergirl.
Monica : What?! I thought he?d love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!
Monica : Well, it was either a pink bunny or no bunny at all.
Monica : You didn?t dress up either?!
Monica : What?! There?s only been like four kids.
Monica : What are you supposed to be?
Monica : No, space doody! (Joey gives him the okay symbol, and Ross rushes towards him to be stopped by Chandler. Meanwhile, Phoebe goes over to the snack table as some guy, which turns out to be Ursula's fiancee Eric, walks in and smacks her butt.)
Monica : Hey Joey?
Monica : You read comic books right?
Monica : Who do you think would win in a fight, Catwoman or Supergirl?
Monica : Yeah?
Monica : What?! Really?!
Monica : No you?re fine. (Joey checks anyway.) All right well, do you think I could take Rachel?
Monica : What?! Come on I am tough! Punch me right here! (Her stomach) As hard as you can!
Monica : Oh really? Okay? Well what would you say if I told you that, y?know, Ross or Chandler could beat you up?
Monica : Oh my God, Phoebe!
Monica : You?re getting a crush on your sister?s fiancee.
Monica : I can?t answer that! Chandler?s my husband.
Monica : Yeah. [Cut to Phoebe and Eric.]
Monica : Ross is really strong! Okay, he?s the strongest out of all three of you! (Joey looks at her.) Except for Joey.
Monica : Wait-wait!! Okay, stop it! Stop it! Stop! (Breaks it up.) Now listen, no one?s gonna fight in this apartment.
Monica : (To Chandler) Look honey, you don?t have to do this, okay? It?s the strength you have inside that means the most to me. You?re loyal, you?re honest, and you have integrity! That?s the kind of strength that I want in the man that I love!
Monica : (To Phoebe) Oh God!
Monica : Chandler?s making his sex face. (Basically Chandler?s face looks like he?s not all there and is staring off into the distance?)
Monica : Look, I wanted to tell I?m-I?m sorry you lost.
Monica : (laughs) Is that a secret or a lie.
Monica : Chandler please!
Monica : Let?s go big bunny! (They assume the starting position.)
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Oh my God! You cleaned! (Gasps) Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been begging you for months and you did! You cleaned! And nagging works!
Monica : Oh no, was I cleaning in my sleep again?
Monica : Well then who?
Monica : (shocked) I hope by maid you mean mistress, because if some other woman was here cleaning then?
Monica : Oh, relinquish is just a fancy word for lose!
Monica : Did she really say that?
Monica : Fine, I can do it. (Gets anxious.) Whew.
Monica : Well, usually when I?m this anxious, I clean! Opening Credits
Monica : Oh well umm, I make it myself! It?s two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret ingredient is?y?know what? We just met.
Monica : (To Chandler) I love her.
Monica : Okay. (As Brenda exits Monica notices something.)
Monica : She stole my jeans!
Monica : I have been looking for them all week and she is wearing them!
Monica : Don?t you see? It?s the perfect crime!
Monica : I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my lap and it left an ink stain on the crotch. Now when she comes back I will find it and show you that stain!
Monica : I guess.
Monica : Fine. I?m just glad I didn?t give her my secret ingredient.
Monica : Yeah! (Laughs.)
Monica : Nice jeans!
Monica : Oh. (Holds on to it.) (To herself) You?re not gettin? it. (Brenda bends down to use the dustpan and Monica leans over to look for the stain, but leans so far over she falls out of the chair.)
Monica : Oh, I fell asleep.
Monica : Oh, will you do the top of the cabinets? That?ll really work up your appetite for lunch.
Monica : Hello.
Monica : I?m sorry. I?ve never had a maid before, is this not okay? Commercial Break
Monica : Hey! Umm, I think Brenda needs a raise.
Monica : Because I put my head between her legs.
Monica : They?re my pants!
Monica : No! I was just getting into position and then everything went dark.
Monica : Fine. (Brenda comes in to use the bathroom and adjusts her pink bra strap on the way.) She?s wearing my bra!
Monica : My pink flowered bra! I recognize the strap!
Monica : Here?s the plan! Okay? I?m going to leave you get a look at Brenda?s bra!
Monica : I would do it but she thinks I?m attracted to her!
Monica : Did you not hear where my head was? Come on! Come on we?re a team! We?re in this together!
Monica : Do this for me! Come on, I catch you looking at woman?s breasts all the time!
Monica : Do you see this? (Mimics him drooling over a woman?s breasts.)
Monica : Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you?ll know it?s mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there?s a very noticeable rip.
Monica : (looking at Rachel?s jeans) Where did you get those jeans?!
Monica : No I didn?t!
Monica : Oh no! Did you take my bra too?!
Monica : The pink one with the flowers?!
Monica : Sounds about right.
Monica : (recognizing him and panicking) No you don?t!
Monica : I?m sorry, they surprised me. There was nothing I could do!
Monica : Ugh, I knew giving you that book was gonna come back and bite me in the ass! Opening Credits
Monica : (entering) Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad about the whole bachelorette party thing, so tonight you?re gonna have a bachelor party.
Monica : Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of fame or what?!
Monica : Come on! Come on, it?ll be fun! It?ll make me feel so much better.
Monica : So don?t think of it as a bachelor party, think of it as a?a two month anniversary present.
Monica : Please! I feel so bad! Just watch the hot woman get naked!
Monica : Thank you. All right, now who else do you want to invite?
Monica : Yeah! Hey! Thanks for getting me that girl?s number.
Monica : My husband.
Monica : She?s a stripper.
Monica : Is that, is that what they call strippers sometimes?
Monica : Oh my God Stu! I-I can?t believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she?s a hooker?
Monica : (entering quickly) She?s a hooker! She?s a hooker! She?s a? (Stops as she sees her.) Hi! Uh, we spoke on the phone. (Goes and shakes the hooker?s hand.)
Monica : I swear I didn?t know she was a hooker! I mean wh?Did you let her smoke in here?
Monica : Y?know what? I?m gonna make this up to you. I promised you a stripper (turns on the radio), and you?re gonna get a stripper. (She starts to strip.)
Monica : What?
Monica : Ooh, these tennis shoes are so tight. I think I?ll take them off. (Goes to do so.)
Monica : Gotcha sailor. (Kicks one of her shoes off and it lands in the kitchen knocking something down, but she continues to strip.) Closing Credits
Monica : (entering) Oh good you?re all here. Thanksgiving tomorrow, four o?clock. (To Rachel) Oh, guess who I invited. Remember that guy Will Colbert from high school?
Monica : He was in Ross?s class?marching band?kinda overweight? Well, really overweight. I mean I was his thin friend.
Monica : No that was Jarred! Wow! I haven?t thought about him in a long time? (Stares off into the distance lost in thought.) (Pause) Anyway, umm Will?s, Will?s here on business and he didn?t have a place to go so I invited him here.
Monica : Oh, and by the way, he?s lost a bunch of weight. I mean he looks goo-ood! Okay, I mean really, really gorgeous! (Joey clears his throat.) I still love Chandler.
Monica : All right okay, just so you know, I?m not gonna make a turkey this year.
Monica : Well Phoebe doesn?t eat turkey?
Monica : All right! Okay, it?s just Phoebe. Will?s still on a diet, Chandler doesn?t eat Thanksgiving food, and Rachel?s having her aversion to poultry.
Monica : Anyway, it just doesn?t seem worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. Okay? It?s a lot of work.
Monica : All right fine! If it means that much to you! But just?there?s gonna be a ton left over.
Monica : All right, you?re telling me you can eat an entire turkey in just one sitting?
Monica : Hey, isn?t weird to think about how next year at this time they?ll be a little baby at the table? (Chandler turns around in horror.) (Seeing him) Rachel?s! But good to know where you?re at!
Monica : Hey!
Monica : You too!
Monica : Actually there is. Chandler usually helps me with this, but he?s really into the game so I don?t want to bother him. Could you help me fold these napkins? (Hands her a stack of them.)
Monica : I?m gonna go across the hall to check on the yams.
Monica : No! No! No! No sweetie! No! Not like that! We?re not at a barn dance. You?ve gotta?you wanna fold them like swans. Like I showed you at Christmas time, remember?
Monica : Is your team winning hon?
Monica : Oh, I didn?t know you liked football.
Monica : You like Green Bay?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Aww thanks! God Will I?m so glad that you came! You look great! You must?ve lost like?
Monica : A pie! (Will brought a pie.)
Monica : You wanna meet some people? This is uh; this is my husband Chandler. Chandler, this is Will.
Monica : This is Phoebe.
Monica : (to Will) Wanna give me a hand?
Monica : Well you look incredible too! You?re just?you?re so fit!
Monica : Oh umm, I meant to tell you, Ross is coming.
Monica : Good. And Rachel Green too. (Will stops suddenly.)
Monica : Is there a problem?
Monica : What?
Monica : Hey, what are you doing? You gotta save room, you?ve got almost an entire turkey to eat.
Monica : All right.
Monica : Will! From high school.
Monica : (to Will) Joey.
Monica : Hey sweetie. Oh good. (Takes the baking dish from her.)
Monica : That?s Will from high school!
Monica : Okay, dinner?s ready!
Monica : Oh, so who won?
Monica : What?
Monica : (breaking it up) Uh Rachel? Rachel, why don?t you sit here? (Next to Joey) And Will you sit way over there. (The other side of the table.) (Monica sets something on the table and removes the cover. It kinda looks like turkey.)
Monica : (laughs) This is Chandler?s chicken. This is the turkey. (Sets down a huge turkey.)
Monica : About nineteen pounds.
Monica : (To Rachel) Apparently you were umm, a little mean to him in high school.
Monica : Oh Will. But you-you?ve worked so hard?
Monica : Okay. (Chandler grabs the dish from Monica and hands it to Will who starts dishing out a large helping.)
Monica : I swear I didn?t. (To Ross and Will) Hey! Is that why you guys used to go up to your bedroom and lock the door? Ross and
Monica : Hmm, a little relieved, I gotta say.
Monica : You started that?!
Monica : Everyone at our school heard it!
Monica : I thought it might be true. And I was afraid that you were gonna cry and then show it to me. (Joey is now looking at Rachel, and since Rachel?s standing and he?s sitting down and he?s not looking at her face? You get the picture.)
Monica : Joey, you don?t have to finish that.
Monica : Oh! Me too!
Monica : That?s not totally true.
Monica : Well you-you did start that rumor about Ross making out with Mrs. Altman, our 50-year-old librarian.
Monica : It?s true?!!
Monica : Didn?t she walk with a cane?
Monica : All right, listen you?re just being silly. Rachel, even with that rumor you were one of the most popular girls in school and everyone wanted to be like you. One girl wanted to be like you so much she stuffed her pants with a Tootsie Roll!
Monica : And Ross, if it weren?t for Rachel?s rumor I mean no one in high school would even know who you were. She put you on the map!
Monica : Hey! Mrs. Altman was the kind of woman you could tell she used to be pretty.
Monica : Hey guys this stuff is just so way in the past. You-you?ve been through so much since then. And right now you?ve got so much more important stuff going on in your life. Can?t you just let this go?
Monica : Well Joey, we?re all?we?re all very proud of you.
Monica : Yeah, you want some?
Monica : Hey! So what do you think?
Monica : Yes! Now, they?re a little more than I normally spend on boots?or rent (Shows him the receipt.)
Monica : I know.
Monica : I?m sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the saleswoman was looking at me like, "Oh, these are way too expensive for you."
Monica : Hey.
Monica : They?re mine!
Monica : Honey, I?m not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I?m going to wear them all the time. You?ll see. Besides, I love the compliments. I mean, have you ever had something so beautiful everyone wanted it?
Monica : Nice try; I?m keeping the boots. Opening Credits
Monica : Hey guys!
Monica : Hey. (Sits down on the arm of the couch.)
Monica : See Chandler? I?m getting a lot of use out of them already! They?re very practical. See, you can wear them with dresses, with skirts, with pants?
Monica : (almost crying) They hurt so much!
Monica : The guy who made these hates feet and wants to see them die!
Monica : I can?t! I spent so much money on them and I told Chandler that I?d wear them all the time, I just can?t give them away!
Monica : I can?t do that either! The soles? are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with my blood.
Monica : (standing up) Ahhhhhhhh!
Monica : Oh nothing I?m just?just was yawning. (Mimics the groan from before and stretches.)
Monica : Honey, we don?t really have to go to this thing tonight do we?
Monica : I-I don?t-I don?t think that I?m gonna wear the boots tonight.
Monica : Well y?know, I?m just-I?m just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much money. Or! Or your assistant will see them and-and want a raise!
Monica : Anyway, I picked up this outfit that I want to wear and the, and the boots don?t really go with it.
Monica : Fine! If you want me to wear the boots, I?ll wear the boots. In fact, I?ll go into my room right now and y?know try the outfit on.
Monica : Okay? (She starts to walk which causes her to start crying) Ooo wee! Christmas party in my boots! (Runs into the bedroom and mixes saying ?ow? with laughing.)
Monica : Yeah! I didn?t know there would be dancing. That was a fun surprise!
Monica : Oh no, we can?t walk!
Monica : Hey! Do you think that we can get to the subway right there if we climb down through the manhole cover?
Monica : I can?t walk. Okay? Okay? These boots were a huge mistake!
Monica : Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They?re killing me! One toe at a time!
Monica : How are we gonna get home? Maybe a piggy-back ride?
Monica : Okay. Wait, just give me a second, I need to just get my boots off first. (She starts taking them off.) Ah?Ooh?Oohh?Ohh?Oh God?Ohh?Oh?Ohh?Ohhhh?
Monica : (notices something in the window) Oh wait! Stop! Stop! Stop!
Monica : My boots in tan! Hey! Can you get a little closer so I can see the price?
Monica : Okay, I?m sorry. I think I can walk the rest of the way now. Just-just give me my boots.
Monica : Well I don?t have them either. Where are they?
Monica : Okay. (She gets off him.) God well, we gotta go back and get them!
Monica : Okay, I?m never gonna wear them again. I just didn?t get a chance to say goodbye.
Monica : Okay. (Climbs back on his back.) All right.
Monica : (to the boots) Bye boots?Wait! Half off?! (Chandler runs off.)
Monica : Yes, hi.
Monica : No leg-chewing for us sir.
Monica : I can?t think of anything we?re doing. (Quietly) Why can?t I think of anything we?re doing?
Monica : Okay, I?ll see you tomorrow! (Doug exits.) Just so you know, we?re not seeing him tomorrow. (Chandler wonders why.) I-I cannot spend another evening with that man. Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding?
Monica : That?s because he wasn?t invited because of the way he behaved at our engagement party.
Monica : Why did you do that?
Monica : Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you practically came on to me.
Monica : Hey, I could?ve had you if I wanted you.
Monica : You and Mona are doing a holiday card together?
Monica : Like asking her to move in with you?
Monica : Making her a mixed tape?
Monica : All right. Have you said, "I love you?" You could say, I love you.
Monica : That is a slap in the face.
Monica : Hi Roger.
Monica : Rachel umm, I was just talking to this guy and I think he?ll have sex with you.
Monica : From the tequila factory?
Monica : Come here. I can breath through my mouth.
Monica : I promise. Hey, speaking of together, how about we send out a holiday card this year?
Monica : (interrupting) I love it! It?s huge!! Let?s open it! Open it!! (Monica rips open the paper.)
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : Oh well, maybe we can put it in the guest bedroom.
Monica : All right. (He goes to push it and it doesn?t move.)
Monica : Are you kidding?! I practically spent my entire childhood at the arcade! This is like?Oh my, this is like my second favorite game!
Monica : Well I-I really don?t remember the name of it.
Monica : Well, you just?you put a quarter in and y?know pull-pull some handles and win like a candy bar or something.
Monica : Don?t feel bad for me! I won like every time! Opening Credits
Monica : Okay, I?m next. (Phoebe starts another game.) Don?t! Don?t start another game! I said I?m next! Phoebe!
Monica : Chandler! Phoebe?s hogging the game!
Monica : You only think it?s stupid because you suck at it.
Monica : No! No-no! I love it! It is a great present! In fact, why don?t you go home and wait for the thank you card?
Monica : Okay. Phoebe that?s it. Come on, get out?out of the chair. Get out! (She goes to move Phoebe, but Phoebe goes limp and Monica can?t move her.) Oh come?Phoebe!
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Well it clearly wasn?t showering or shaving.
Monica : Wait a minute, you stayed home all day and played Ms. Pac-Man while I went off to work like some kind of chump?!
Monica : What is the matter with your hand?
Monica : Chandler, why would you do that?
Monica : You think this is clever?
Monica : Hey wait a minute, this one isn?t dirty.
Monica : Ah, well if you don?t clear this off, you won?t be getting one of those from me. But Ben?s coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this can?t be there.
Monica : Chandler! He?s seven; he?s not stupid.
Monica : All right, look I?m just gonna unplug it.
Monica : Honey you-you got to beat your scores!
Monica : All right fine. Fine, I?ll do it. I?ve just got to get this off the screen. Carol and Susan are still upset that you taught him pull my finger.
Monica : Okay, I got that. I?ll escape over there. I?ll come back over here. All right, come on Ms. Pac-Man. It?s got?Right?(She dies.) Well, you?re just a little bitch, aren?t you?
Monica : They?re all Chandler.
Monica : But Ben is coming over tonight and he can?t see this.
Monica : Oh my God Phoebe, you?re on fire!
Monica : Don?t touch her!!
Monica : (airily) Hi.
Monica : I just had the most amazing bath.
Monica : Wait, you like them with me.
Monica : Oh, baths are so relaxing!
Monica : How dirty do you think I am? I?m telling you, if you had some candles and some bubbles and some music, you would love it! It would take all of your stress away.
Monica : Boy, do I have a surprise for you!
Monica : No, but someone?s really not going to get over that idea, are they?
Monica : I drew you a bath!
Monica : Please, could you just try it for me? Come on, I used all my best stuff! I-I-I lit some candles. I put on some music. I used bath salts, plus bubble bath! And got you this little plastic Navy ship. So it?s a boy bath!
Monica : I swear, if you try it, you will love it!
Monica : Absolutely. (Chandler runs into the bathroom)
Monica : Bet I know how that discussion?s going to go. [Cut to Chandler laying in the bathtub. "Only Time," is playing in the background.]
Monica : (entering) So?
Monica : I told you you were a bath person! Hey, when you get out, maybe I can give you a facial!
Monica : Hello?
Monica : You know what? I-I think I?ll wait out here.
Monica : Oh. (She goes into the bathroom.) What?s wrong?
Monica : What?
Monica : Okay, let?s talk about something else.
Monica : Well, I actually had the weirdest conversation with Joey. He was talking about rules and right and wrong and?
Monica : You did? What was he talking about?
Monica : (groans) That was a long night.
Monica : Okay, he was talking about rules.
Monica : Umm, and looking at people differently.
Monica : What did he tell you?
Monica : Okay. So you, me and London. Looking at people differently. Maybe he wants to do what you and I did in London with someone.
Monica : Wait a minute! He stopped talking the minute Phoebe came in!
Monica : And Phoebe is his friend, so he thinks that would be breaking the rules!
Monica : Just a minute! (To Chandler) That?s Mrs. Tribbiani!
Monica : Why would I say anything? That two of our best friends could start the greatest love affair of their lives! And they would have me to thank, and we could all start having babies?
Monica : You just stay here! (Dumps a jar of bath salts in the bathtub)
Monica : Oh, you had that?
Monica : I thought I lost it. I got a new one, like, a month ago.
Monica : Nothing.
Monica : I mean, I-I, I really shouldn?t say. I mean, I?m really not supposed to.
Monica : It?s a humdinger!
Monica : Somebody likes you!
Monica : No!
Monica : It?s Joey!
Monica : Is it something you?d be interested in?
Monica : I guess that makes sense. So, you think you?re going to talk to him?
Monica : Not Chandler, just Joey.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Yeah, I?m going to take a bath. I?m just going to get a magazine.
Monica : What do you think you?re doing?
Monica : I know that you?re new at this, but this is completely unacceptable bath decorum.
Monica : Fine, you can have the bath, but I am taking your boat. Now you?re just a girl in a tub! (Phoebe enters the bathroom)
Monica : She pulled it out of me! She?s like a conversational wizard! How?d it go?
Monica : What?
Monica : (Pause) I don?t think I?d care.
Monica : Oh my God! A friend he?s looking at differently, but it?s wrong. It?s Rachel!
Monica : Honey, cover it up with the boat!
Monica : It sure is nice to do this together, isn?t it?
Monica : I?m not touching you.
Monica : It?s the salts.
Monica : (opens the door wearing a robe, but leaves the chain on) Hey, what?s up?
Monica : Oh, okay. No problem.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : Here you go.
Monica : Okay.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Phoebe! You kinda caught me at a bad time.
Monica : Yes! Exactly.
Monica : (laughs) No. (Closes the door as Chandler walks up.)
Monica : Phoebe, I can explain!
Monica : Well umm, Alexandra has been?
Monica : Phoebe, don?t get upset!
Monica : Hi honey. We just got a wedding gift from Bob and Faye Bing; they don?t like us do they? (They gave them a pok-a-dotted punch bowl.)
Monica : No, it doesn?t say where it came from. Where would we return it?
Monica : Why don?t we just find a place for it?
Monica : No! That?s where we keep the canned goods! Have you completely forgotten everything you learned at orientation?
Monica : Oh, okay. Here, why don?t you let me do it?
Monica : No reason. I-I keep private things in there.
Monica : Feminine stuff.
Monica : Chandler, there is nothing in there that concerns you! If you love me you-you?ll let it go.
Monica : Thank you! (He tries the door again and Monica glares at him.)
Monica : Well it?s?I mean I?d just?I?d be self-conscious. You?re my friend; I?d be naked.
Monica : That?s different, we were roommates! And when?!
Monica : Hey, come on Phoebe, you can understand why this would be weird for me.
Monica : Okay, if it means that much to you?
Monica : Dinosaurs.
Monica : Yes. (Phoebe turns on some music and grabs some oil.)
Monica : Nice! Wow Phoebe you are good!
Monica : No. Ooohh?
Monica : (in a sexy voice) Oh. Oh yeah! Ohhhhh! Ohh! Oh yeah!
Monica : Oh God Phoebe!! (Phoebe covers one ear.) Oh that?s it! That?s it! Right there! Oh! (Tries to cover the other ear.) Ooooh-oooh-ooooh? (Covers both ears and continues the massage with her elbows.)
Monica : Hey.
Monica : I gotta tell you, yesterday was amazing. That massage felt so good!
Monica : So umm, what do you say we make it a weekly appointment?
Monica : Okay.
Monica : What?
Monica : What?s going on?
Monica : What? (Laughs.)
Monica : What?! You?re crazy! There?s nothing sexual about the noises I make!
Monica : Oh my?This is so embarrassing. Oh my God, I?m never gonna get massaged again!
Monica : Really?!
Monica : Are you sure?
Monica : I guess.
Monica : (entering) (Gasps) How did you get in there?!
Monica : Oh no! You weren?t supposed to see this!
Monica : No Chandler, you don?t understand! (Chandler starts singing the theme for Sanford and Son, an old TV show starring Redd Fox.) Okay! Okay! Okay! Fine! Now you know. Okay? I?m y?know?I?m sick.
Monica : Really? You promise you won?t tell anyone?
Monica : Well?it?s just umm?I?m afraid you might mess it up.
Monica : Ohhh.
Monica : Ohh. Oh! Ohh!
Monica : Oh God!
Monica : Oh yeah right there!
Monica : Uh Phoebe?
Monica : (entering with something behind her back) Phoebe, c?mere. I want to show you something in the bathroom.
Monica : Nothing. Just something I want to get Phoebe?s opinion on for Valentine?s Day.
Monica : Not really.
Monica : All right, big brother. (holds up two erm?revealing articles of clothing) Which of these do you think would make your little sister look hotter, so your best friend would want to do her?
Monica : (from her bedroom) Okay! I?ll be right out. I?m slipping into something a little less comfortable, and a little more slutty.
Monica : (entering from her bedroom) So what do you think? (referring to her outfit) (Chandler glances up at Monica with his mouth still wide open and his eyes still huge)
Monica : (to herself) I?ve still got it!
Monica : What is it?
Monica : Is this the video of the baby being born? Sweetie, this is Phoebe?s. Why were you even watching it?
Monica : Chandler, if you thought I was going to get you porn for Valentine?s Day? (pulls a video out of a basket) you were right! Apparently, it?s about a young girl who moves to the big city, you know, in search of stardom, but ends up having sex with a lot of guys! Yeah, it got four starts! (looks closer) Oh, wait a minute. Those aren?t stars. Anyway, you want to take a look?
Monica : Honey, what?s going on?
Monica : Mm-hmm.
Monica : Chandler, we can?t let this tape wreck Valentine?s Day!
Monica : Child-birth, it?s a natural thing! It?s beautiful.
Monica : Oh! Oh, my God! No wonder my mother hates me!
Monica : Don?t touch me!
Monica : How long has it been this time?
Monica : That?s better. 90 seconds is a long time not to think about it?except all I did was think about it.
Monica : Okay, well, we have to get past this! Why don?t we get rid of the tape and pretend it never existed?
Monica : Okay. (Chandler takes the tape and sticks it under the chair cushion)
Monica : Oh, thank God!
Monica : Come in!
Monica : Oh, my God.
Monica : Rach, you know that birthing tape you wanted to see? It?s here.
Monica : No, but I will leave a sweater that smells like me right next to you!
Monica : She?s right?of course not. Honey, get the tape.
Monica : It?s?still beautiful.
Monica : I know! I know, I?m so sorry for you!
Monica : Oh, look at those little fingers and toes!
Monica : Oh?Rach!
Monica : Hey.
Monica : I just talked to Joey, I just?I want to see how you were.
Monica : All right, I know you?re hurting, and-and I want to be supportive, but don?t say that again.
Monica : Honey, I don?t think that?s something we need to worry about! First of all he?s-he?s never gonna tell her how he feels about her. And even if he did you have no idea how she?d react.
Monica : Joey?he?s not even thinking about going after Rachel!
Monica : No! All he?s thinking about is how you?re taking this! I mean, listen it?s totally freaking him out. He?s talking about moving to Vermont.
Monica : He says he wants to leave the country. (Pause) He thinks you hate him.
Monica : Honey I can?t even imagine how hard this must be for you. But, I don?t want you to lose Joey over it. And right now he just needs to know that you?re still his friend.
Monica : All right. Now do it soon, he just asked me how to convert his dollars into Vermont money.
Monica : Hi!
Monica : So, what have you guys been doing?
Monica : I know! What is this, 1985?!
Monica : Not really.
Monica : So Don, what-what other restaurants do you like?
Monica : Oh my God! That?s my restaurant, I?m the chef there.
Monica : No!
Monica : Oh, I?d like a latte. Oh y?know what? If you?re gonna talk about me, I?m gonna go with you. (They go over to the counter and Chandler moves closer to Phoebe.)
Monica : (returning) Phoebe, good work.
Monica : Yeah! Oh he?s great, I love him. (Walks away and Chandler glares at Phoebe.)
Monica : Me too! Yeah, Chandler can?t stand it. He won?t even allow me to have blue cheese in the house.
Monica : You know what I?d love to do? I would like to go to France and eat nothing but bread and cheese?Not even bread, just cheese. No, I want the bread. Yeah. Ah, and pastries? (Breathlessly) And pate. Oh, I?m really not high, it?s just I used to be fat.
Monica : I?d move in tomorrow!
Monica : I?d like to have Don and Phoebe over. Wouldn?t that be nice?
Monica : Are you okay? You?ve been acting weird all afternoon.
Monica : Jeez! What is with you?
Monica : All right, what?s going on?
Monica : Chandler, you don?t believe in soul mates?
Monica : I don?t believe in soul mates either.
Monica : No. I don?t think that you and I were destined to end up together. I think that we fell in love and work hard at our relationship. Some days we work really hard.
Monica : No, I?ve had second thoughts about that. Do you realize how hard that would be to clean?
Monica : I know.
Monica : Joey, you have to talk to her!
Monica : Hey Rachel!
Monica : I don?t see him. Hey! Maybe he?s in the sugar bowl! (Opens the sugar bowl) Joey? Nope! (Closes the sugar bowl and they both laugh.)
Monica : What?s up?
Monica : We were playing a game.
Monica : Sure.
Monica : (To Joey) Okay, did you hear that?
Monica : Honey, you gotta talk to her.
Monica : Hello? No rejection? I got shot down at fat camp! Boy, kids are mean when they?re hungry.
Monica : This is Rachel. I mean, what are you gonna do, never going to talk to her again? I mean I know it?s weird, it?s awkward, but you gotta at least try.
Monica : Okay, I?m done. Read mine.
Monica : (stunned) I-I?m the head chef. I-I can?t get promoted.
Monica : You mean your pink shirt?
Monica : No, I-I haven?t seen your pink shirt.
Monica : Tea gives Phoebe the trots.
Monica : Honey, what is the Bruce Springsteen CD in the Kat Stevens case?
Monica : Okay, where is the Kat Stevens CD?
Monica : Where is the James Taylor CD?
Monica : Okay. No need to panic. Deep breathes everyone. Okay umm uh, we?re just gonna have to spend some time and put the CDs in the right cases.
Monica : Hmm, I don?t know. We really have to talk this through.
Monica : Okay, I-I?m sorry. You and Joey, your both focusing on this uncomfortable thing, what you need to do is to change the subject. Next time you see him try to get him talking about something else.
Monica : Yeah, like I don?t know, maybe you have a work problem that you need his advice on.
Monica : Good. (To Chandler) Uh honey, the Miami Vice soundtrack? Really?
Monica : Uh I really don?t know what to tell you Rach, I really don?t. I mean, maybe Joey can help you out with your, with your big work problem.
Monica : Yeah Joey she?s?Rachel?s got this really big work problem, and it is a head scratcher. Wow! (To Chandler) Y?know what, if we?re gonna make dinner we?re gonna have to leave. Yeah. (She and Chandler exit.)
Monica : Honey, both yours.
Monica : Yeah? The work problem?
Monica : What?!
Monica : You said your boss wants to buy your baby?!
Monica : Chandler has two copies of Annie!
Monica : That?s not your regular dry cleaners.
Monica : What?!
Monica : Don?t worry Phoebe, you?re gonna meet someone. If I can meet a great guy, so can you.
Monica : Are you kidding? This is where they get out stains! Okay? This is like Disneyland for me. I?m-I?m gonna be over here watching the dance of the clean shirts. (She points to and walks over to the electric clothes rack they have.)
Monica : (to the clerk) Ooh, an ink stain! Hey, can I watch how you get this out?
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : (To Ross) Oh, by the way. Would it be okay if I gave the toast to mom and dad this year?
Monica : Yeah, I?d really like to.
Monica : Yes! Every year Ross makes the toast, and it?s always really moving, and always makes them cry. Well this year I?m going to make them cry.
Monica : No! Really! Any time Ross makes a toast everyone cries, and hugs him, and pats him on the back and they all come up to me and say, "God, your brother." Know what they?ll say this year? "God, you"
Monica : Really you can do that?
Monica : Oh I?m working on my toast for the party, or as I like to call it. Sob fest 2002. Hey check this out. (Hands him a picture.)
Monica : It?s a dead dog. That?s Chi-Chi; she died when I was in high school.
Monica : The good stuff, huh? (Ross, Joey, and Rachel enter)
Monica : You got a present for my parents. That?s so sweet.
Monica : What?!
Monica : That?s my old dog. He passed away years ago.
Monica : It?s out on the island. It?s in Massapequa.
Monica : Okay, I got my note cards. (To Chandler) Do you got the presents?
Monica : And I?ve got the car keys.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : He called the Long Island Expressway a concrete miracle.
Monica : It?s just that, it?s so much.
Monica : I feel terrible.
Monica : Just going over my toast. Those two will never know what hit ?em. I can?t wait. They?re going to be crying so hard. They?re going to be fighting for breath.
Monica : Okay it?s time for the toast! Umm now-now, I know that Ross usually gives the toast, but this year I?m going to do it. (Everyone sighs)
Monica : No, no it?s going to be great. Really! Mom, Dad, when I got married, one of the things that made me sure I could do it was the amazing example the two of you set for me. For that and so many other things I want to say thank you. I know I probably don?t say it enough, but I love you. (Pretends to cry hoping her parents will join her.) When I look around this room, I?m-I?m saddened by the thought of those who could not be here with us. Nana, my beloved grandmother who would so want to be here, but she can?t because she?s dead. As is our dog Chi-Chi. I mean look how cute she is. (Holds up the picture and pretends to cry again). Was. (To an old man by the stage.) Do me a favor and pass this to my parents. Remember she?s dead. Okay, her and Nana, gone. Wow! Hey does anybody remember when Debra Winger had to say goodbye to her children in Terms of Endearment? (Chandler covers his ears) Didn?t see that? No movie fans?! You want to hear something sad? The other day I was watching 60 Minutes these orphans in Romania, who have been so neglected, they were incapable of love. (Waits for people to cry, but doesn?t get any tears.) You people are made of stone! Here?s to mom and dad! Whatever! Mrs.
Monica : Okay that?s it. I give up. At mom and dad?s 40th anniversary, you?re the one giving the speech.
Monica : Oh, come on.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : How cool is this?! We know three down! I?m touching three down! (She has her hand on his shoulder.)
Monica : Three down knows I?m married, what?s three down doin??
Monica : (To Chandler) You think we?re being obvious?
Monica : Joey! You?re doing great!
Monica : Bye. (They resume their previous positions.) The
Monica : You can?t say that!! You-you don?t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn?t...bend that way. So... (Looks at Joey.) Phoebe, Ross, and
Monica : You slept with her didn?t you?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Also both of your sisters called and neither can make it.
Monica : Oh my God, your mother!
Monica : Well, given that we forgot to invite her it would be an awfully big coincidence if she was.
Monica : Well it wasn?t my fault, Phoebe was in charge of the invitations!
Monica : (interrupting her) Oh give it a rest!
Monica : Okay, y?know what? Don?t worry, okay? We?ll take care of it. We?ll call her. Just go home and get ready.
Monica : Go! I have it in my book. Go! (Rachel leaves and Monica calls Mrs. Green.) (To Phoebe) Wait a minute! If you?re in charge of the invitations why am I the one who has to call her?Hello Mrs. Green! Hi, it?s Monica Geller. Mrs.
Monica : (on phone) Hi, umm I know this is last minute, but we?ve decided to throw an impromptu baby shower for Rachel today. Mrs.
Monica : Yeah, I?m sorry. I?m-I?m so sorry. Mrs.
Monica : (To Phoebe) Oh my God, my ass is sweating! (on phone) Please! Please! Can you come? It?s today at four. Mrs.
Monica : Thank you. (Hangs up.)
Monica : Son of a bitch! (Calls Mrs. Green again.) Opening Credits
Monica : You ordered a stripper for the shower?! That is totally inappropriate!
Monica : Hi!
Monica : Yes, thank you so much. And again, we?re so sorry. We could not feel worse about it. Mrs.
Monica : She?s still mad.
Monica : Phoebe, Sandra?s mad at you too. It-it doesn?t bother you?
Monica : Okay. I can do that. (Pause) I gotta go powder my ass. [Cut to Rachel and Mrs. Green.] Mrs.
Monica : What?
Monica : I personally would be honored if she wanted to live with me.
Monica : That?s right. That is right, you go over there and tell her you don?t want her to live with you. Do not take no for an answer!
Monica : (To Phoebe) This is great! Now she?s gonna be mad at Rachel! Y?know what? And I?m just gonna swoop in there and be like the daughter she never had.
Monica : Yes! Yes! And I think that the first gift that Rachel opens should be from the grandmother of the baby, because you?re the most important person in this room. And in the world! Mrs.
Monica : Rachel, listen to your mother. She is very smart. Mrs.
Monica : It is going to be okay! (Mrs. Green glances over her shoulder and glares at Monica while she heads for the bathroom.) It was worth a shot.
Monica : It?s frightening.
Monica : (laughs) You?re still so funny. You?re so funny. (To Phoebe) What do I do?
Monica : Y?know what? You?re-you?re right.
Monica : Really?
Monica : Okay! I will! Mrs. Green? Mrs. Green! (She ignores Monica and Monica follows her out into the hall with Phoebe in tow.) It is rude to leave a party without saying good-bye to the host! Yeah, and-and also when someone apologizes to you the decent thing to do is to accept it! Now what I did to you, it wasn?t on purpose! But what you?re during to me now is just plain spiteful! Mrs.
Monica : That?s right! Maybe it?s time you took a good hard look at a mirror young lady?old lady?lady!
Monica : So whenever you?re ready to apologize to me, I will forgive you. Good day! (Monica and Phoebe reenter the apartment and Monica closes the door on a stunned Mrs. Green.) I can?t feel my legs!
Monica : Yeah? I?m proud of me too.
Monica : Yeah could-could-could you get me something to drink?
Monica : Okay. (When Phoebe turns around Monica runs out into the hall after Mrs. Green.) Mrs. Green! Okay I?m really sorry!! I?m apologizing for the?(She trips and falls down the stairs.) (Pause) Okay, I bit my tongue, but I?m still really sorry! Closing Credits
Monica : (entering) Hey!
Monica : (seeing the stack of newspapers) Oh my God! Look at all the newspapers! It must be a good review! Is it great?!
Monica : (reading) Oh dear God!
Monica : What about the rest of Manhattan?!
Monica : Oh my God, this is horrible!
Monica : I?m so humiliated!
Monica : You don?t think that umm, (reading) "The chef?s Mahi Mahi was awful awful," is bad press?
Monica : Is he right? Am I really?Am I awful?
Monica : We said at the movies, but?
Monica : Joey! (He returns) Now that you?re here?
Monica : Hey Joey, come taste this.
Monica : Remember that guy that gave me a bad review? Well? (Feeds him a spoonful of what she?s cooking.) I?m getting my revenge!
Monica : No. He teaches a course on food criticism at the New School, so before we go to the movies I wanna go by there and make him try my bollet base again. Oh, I cannot wait to read the front page of the Post tomorrow! "Restaurant reviewer
Monica : Hi! Umm, I?m Monica Geller, I?m the chef at Alessandro?s. The Food
Monica : I think the things that you said about me are really unfair, and I would like for you to give my boule base another chance. The Food
Monica : Spoon? (Hands him one and he tastes it.) So, what do you think? The Food
Monica : I can. The Cooking
Monica : Well umm, they both have a egg yolk and butter base, but a bournese has shallots, shirvel, and most importantly teradyne. The Cooking
Monica : Monica. The Cooking
Monica : Okay. (Does so.)
Monica : Oh no! I don?t know anything about cooking. I had to ask someone what it?s called when the, when the water makes those little bubbles. The Cooking
Monica : I-I-I?m sorry, your-your mouth was full, I didn?t hear what you said. Umm, hats off to who now? The Cooking
Monica : That?s right.
Monica : Y?know, you called me that before so I-I took the liberty of fashioning a star out of aluminum foil. Now, no pressure, you like my cookies, you give me the star. (Hands it to her.) The Cooking
Monica : Wow! A star! (The class glares at her.) I know you all hate me and-and I?m sorry, but I don?t care. (The teacher goes to Joey?s station.) The Cooking
Monica : Joey! I?m so proud of you! The Cooking
Monica : Excuse me? He doesn?t even know what he?s doing! The Cooking
Monica : I do! I?m a professional chef! (The class gasps.) Oh relax! It?s not a courtroom drama! The Cooking
Monica : I?m-I?m sorry, it?s just that umm? Well I-I cook at this restaurant, Alessandro?s, and umm I just got a really bad review? The Cooking
Monica : You do? The Cooking
Monica : Oh, I?m totally crazy, but you-you like the food? The Cooking
Monica : Okay then, I don?t stink. I?m a good chef. Okay. (Starts to leave.)
Monica : Oh, look! Acting for Beginners! Want to feel good about yourself?
Monica : Okay. (They enter.) The Acting
Monica : Are we gonna take a limo?
Monica : Oh I love taking limos when nobody died!
Monica : What are you doing here so early?
Monica : Well, well Ross didn?t care enough to be here, so I think he?s out. You snooze you lose.
Monica : Well then somebody?s snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to pick me, I was planning on wearing a sequined dress, cut down to here. (Points to her stomach just above her belly button.)
Monica : Star in a movie.
Monica : Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you?re gonna take him? Joey, I don?t think you?re comprehending just how slutty this dress is!
Monica : She?s over a week late! She gotta have it today, right?
Monica : Hmm, care to make it interesting? I?ll bet you that she?ll have it by this time tomorrow.
Monica : Okay, how much?
Monica : How about fifty bucks?
Monica : Damnit! Damnit!! Here?s your fifty bucks! (Pays Phoebe.)
Monica : Now stop it! Double or nothing that she has it by tomorrow!
Monica : Okay.
Monica : She?s in the bathroom.
Monica : I?m actually with her on this one.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : What did the doctor say? Any news on when the baby will come?
Monica : Well what is it? What is it? If it?s gonna help bring the baby here, like today. I mean, I think you should do it.
Monica : Do it!
Monica : I?m just saying it?s been a really long time for you. I mean, women have needs. Do it, get yours!
Monica : All right, let?s be practical, if Ross isn?t willing to do it, he?s not the only guy in the world you can have sex with. You can borrow Chandler?Chandler is good!
Monica : Nothing. I just want the baby to be born today.
Monica : Okay fine! I keep betting Phoebe that you?re gonna have the baby and I don?t want to lose again!
Monica : Wait a minute! Now I?m betting against all three of you?
Monica : Oh, okay! (Rachel turns her head to Ross and Phoebe and mouths, "No way.")
Monica : Two hundred.
Monica : That?s it. I?m done. I don?t care when the baby comes, no more betting.
Monica : Hello? (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) Okay. (Hangs up.) I guess we can bet one more time.
Monica : How did you know that?! (Runs to yell at Joey?s apartment.) Joey! Chandler!! It?s time!
Monica : You know everything!! Oh wait, double or nothing. I bet you the baby is over seven pounds. (Phoebe isn?t interested.) I bet you it has hair. (She?s still not interested.) I bet you it?s a girl.
Monica : How are you doing?
Monica : We took a cab. Did you guys walk?
Monica : Hey, you wanna see something?
Monica : Umm, this is going to be fun. Watch me freak out Chandler. Honey?
Monica : Listen uh, I-I?ve been doing some thinking, and I don?t know whether it?s because we?re here or Rachel?s giving birth but umm, I think we should try to have a baby.
Monica : (freaking out) What-what-what?s that now?!
Monica : What?! Are you kidding me?! You-you-you think we?re ready to have a baby now?!
Monica : Yeah but I was just screwing with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!
Monica : Okay, just back off mister! Whoa. (Pause) ?Cause I am ready to have a baby. I just want Joey to be the father.
Monica : That?s it! Right there! Is all I wanted!
Monica : Oh good God! If you want a baby so bad just go steal it! (The nurse attending to the babies hears this, turns and stares at Chandler. Chandler moves Monica to the side and away from the nurse.)
Monica : What is going on with you? Since when are you so crazy about babies?
Monica : What?
Monica : We are pretty good.
Monica : Well maybe I?m ready now. I mean, it?s a little scary, but maybe it?s right.
Monica : What?!!
Monica : So we?re gonna try? I mean, are we trying?
Monica : Okay, hold on a sec.
Monica : Yeah.
Monica : Well, we could start trying. Now.
Monica : No, not here. Maybe here.
Monica : And it?s so clean!! (They run off in search of a bed.) Commercial Break
Monica : I think we found a place.
Monica : Umm, wait! Do you want to set the mood a little?
Monica : Okay! Okay! Make me sterile, but okay. (He hops onto the bed and they start making out.)
Monica : Okay. Let?s hurry?Oh wait! Do we have a condom? (He looks at her.) Oh right! (Laughs and they resume making out when a nurse catches them in the act.)
Monica : We could, or we can have sex in it.
Monica : (lying down on the bed) Okay mister! Fertilize me! (Suddenly they hear Janice laughing, and it ruins the moment.)
Monica : Does that sound like Janice?
Monica : Hey!
Monica : I can?t believe this is taking so long. How are you doing?
Monica : Oh my God! She?s amazing. Oh, oh I?m so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!
Monica : What?s the matter?
Monica : It?s okay honey, you?ll find a name.
Monica : Yeah, I?ve had them picked out since I was fourteen.
Monica : Umm, okay. If it?s a boy it?s Daniel.
Monica : I don?t want to say.
Monica : Okay. It?s Emma.
Monica : Take it.
Monica : It?s clearly an Emma.
Monica : Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y?know, nothing goes with Bing. So I?m screwed. I mean? (Rachel hands Emma to Monica.) Oh, hi Emma. Yeah, that?s you. You?re our little Em. Oh what?s that honey? What? Oh, you want a little cousin? (To Chandler) You want a cousin right now?!
Monica : I know. Hey, do you realize we may have just changed our lives forever? We may have just started a family. Nine months from now we can be here, having our own baby.
Monica : (entering with everyone else including Mr. Geller) Hi! Hey look who?s here! Mr.
Monica : Oh, Aunt Liddy?s coming? That means we get five dollars each! Mr.
Monica : About what?
Monica : Isn?t she beautiful? Mr.
Monica : I want a baby.
Monica : Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it?ll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closet?s still available?
Monica : Deal! [Back in front of the nursery window.]
Monica : Oh, I still can?t believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn?t make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!
Monica : Hi Dad! I can still call you that right? Mr.
Monica : It wasn?t fun?!
Monica : The truth is, Dad, we?re-we?re trying. Mr.
Monica : Yeah, we?re trying to get pregnant. Mr.
Monica : Well, that?s okay dad, we-we can wait until later. Mr.
Monica : Daddy?! Mr.
Monica : Daddy! I don?t think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex. Mr.
Monica : I don?t feel good right now. Mr.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Well, now?s a good time. I?m on my way to have my ears cut off.
Monica : What?
Monica : Is he crazy?! You just had Ross?s baby!
Monica : What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross?s baby! It?s-it?s so inappropriate. No, it?s worse than that. It?s wrong. It?s? It is bigger than mine! (Rachel?s engagement ring.)
Monica : You can?t marry him!
Monica : Well do you love him?
Monica : Sure?
Monica : Honey, the question is?do you really want to marry Joey?
Monica : (walking by with Chandler.) Hey dad!
Monica : Ok, I don?t wanna be negative so I?ll say that most of the signs you bought are good.
Monica : (looking at Chandler sleeping with a balloon in his mouth) So sexy. (Waking him up.) Honey.
Monica : Honey why don?t you go lie down.
Monica : Phoebe did the signs!
Monica : Phoebe! But I could take one of those little feet and put it in a pita pocket.
Monica : Wow, he?s really not letting this go, is he?
Monica : Breaks your heart doesn?t it
Monica : Alright here?s something, it says to try holding the baby close to your body and then swing her rapidly from side to side.
Monica : It worked!
Monica : Umm, she Rach, not it, she.
Monica : Oh my god, I am losing my mind.
Monica : Try feeding her again.
Monica : I know, that?s why I said again!
Monica : Hey.
Monica : Okay what?s up
Monica : Oh yeah (smiles).
Monica : What? Who says that?
Monica : What?s going on?
Monica : Excuse me?
Monica : (stands up angry) Tulsa, Oklahoma!
Monica : Chandler, I don?t even wanna see the musical Oklahoma!
Monica : Are you trying to tell me that we?re moving to Oklahoma, or that you?re gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : Oh she misunderstood, she thought she was moving to Tulsa.
Monica : About a week and a half.
Monica : Rach, try holding her a different way.
Monica : You?re just new at this, it?ll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn?t have been easy but you figured that out.
Monica : Okay I?ll take her, here. (Takes Emma)
Monica : (To Emma) Bouncy baby, Bouncy baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby. (Emma stops crying and falls asleep)
Monica : It worked! Ooh baby baby baby, ooh baby baby baby!
Monica : I can?t believe it! She?s asleep! I got her to go to sleep! I have actual magical powers!
Monica : Yes I did, I?m Monica, Super Aunt
Monica : Yes I am!!
Monica : Say what?
Monica : (stands up to hand Emma back) Oh no no no no!
Monica : What?
Monica : Shhh! We just got her to go to sleep
Monica : No.
Monica : (loudly) What!?
Monica : (comes running out the kitchen to the bedroom) Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Closing Credits
Monica : I kind of have to don't I? Because of this stupid thing (Points to her wedding ring.)
Monica : Hey!
Monica : You got out of the whole Tulsa thing?
Monica : It's great! How? Chandler. Well my boss and I worked out a deal where I only have to be in Tulsa four days a week, so the other three I can be here with you.
Monica : So you're gonna be gone four days a week? (Thinks about it.) No.
Monica : No. I can't be away from you for that long.
Monica : Yeah, you're my husband. I'm not gonna live in a different state than you for 208 days out of the year.
Monica : Honey, thanks for trying to figure out a way, but if you're going to Tulsa, I wanna go with you.
Monica : I know! (They high-five.)
Monica : Excuse me?
Monica : Why don't you go see Dr. Gettleman?
Monica : He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.
Monica : Oh, maybe he was getting him confused with his childhood therapist.
Monica : Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just really freaked him out.
Monica : That I was going to eat him.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : What are you doing?
Monica : That's so sweet. Find anything?
Monica : Nothing, huh?
Monica : 'Slim Pickings'...That is so cheesy.
Monica : Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she'll know of something.
Monica : (On phone) Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my husband has been relocated...Because I love him! No, I don't want a job in New York. Javo (sp?) is looking? Oh my God! He asked for me personally? Oh my God! Oh, wow, this is really flattering, but I'm moving to Tulsa. Yeah, so if you would tell Javo (sp?) 'I'll take it!'
Monica : You're right. (Pause) Maybe I shouldn't go.
Monica : So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant, Javo (sp?). It's just a little outside of Tulsa.
Monica : Manhattan.
Monica : I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Monica : Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make it one day, we've got real problems my friend.
Monica : Really?
Monica : That's the nicest anyone has ever said to me! (Ross and Rachel enter with Emma.)
Monica : How was the pediatrician?
Monica : Are you serious? You still see Dr. Gettleman?
Monica : Where have you been?
Monica : Promise to call me when you land.
Monica : I love you too. (They kiss)
Monica : (Runs out to the hallway) Chandler, wait. It
Monica : I love you so much.
Monica : Can I talk now?
Monica : Joey?
Monica : hey Joey
Monica : Joey I am not going to objectify woman with you (looks at the woman) but if her face is as nice as her ass woah mamma.
Monica : yeah he has to stay in Tulsa this weekend
Monica : he has to work, there's some rush on the big (pause, thinks) ah damn it one of these days I'm really gonna have to start listening when he talks about his job.
Monica : maybe I will go (thinks) yea will have a second honeymoon at the Tulsa Ramada.
Monica : how do you know I have one of those?
Monica : is everything all right?
Monica : I'm gonna go freshen up ok
Monica : Hey Rach its me ok I just got the Chandler's room and I caught him molesting himself.
Monica : yea well the weird part is... he was getting off to a shark attack show!
Monica : Yes! Chandler Watches Shark Porn! Commercial Break
Monica : do you know how many times I've seen him jump up like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
Monica : what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone. not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
Monica : Eww are you talking about my bother.
Monica : But you don't remember sleeping with her.
Monica : what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe you were having an off night
Monica : Honey why don't you just let it go and ask her out again.
Monica : Joey, Joey.
Monica : you don't think sharks are sexy do you?
Monica : Hi, how was your flight? (She hugs him)
Monica : Here why don't you sit down, get yourself comfortable because I. (Monica shows him the tape then puts it in) have a little surprise for you.
Monica : Ok (sits down next to him) This is how much I love you. (She presses play then puts her arm around Chandler's neck.)
Monica : Is this not the good part? Do you want me to fast forward to something a little toothier.
Monica : Oh well this is the only one they had at our video store, but they did have something called crocodile killers. Or does it always have to be sharks?
Monica : Honey look we can do something else, do you want me to get into the tub and thrash.
Monica : sweetie it's ok, I still love you, let me be a part of this.
Monica : I saw what you were doing in Tulsa. angry sharks turn you on!
Monica : then why were you watching them and giving YOURSELF a treat.
Monica : really?
Monica : I cannot tell you how happy that makes me! (They hug)
Monica : I'm very, very drunk right now. (They hug, Scene fades to black)
Monica : What are you talking about? We're all together right now.
Monica : Oh, dear god! *Opening Credits*
Monica : (opening the door) Hey!
Monica : Hmhmm. (ties up)
Monica : This is not, what I'm wearing. I'm ovulating and Chandler's gonna be home any minute, so I thought we would try before dinner.
Monica : Believe me, Chandler and I have not seen each other in over a week. We'll probably be the first ones there.
Monica : (naughty in doorway) Welcome home. I've missed you. join me in the bedroom?
Monica : (comes over) O-kay, so you wanna play it that way, do you?
Monica : You don't need a shower.
Monica : What do I smell? (sniffs him) I smell smoke. Huh--did you smoke?
Monica : (gets a pack out of his jacket)
Monica : How can you smoke in this day of age? Do you not seen that ad with a little kid walks to grandpa, it's chilling.
Monica : So what? Don't you have any will power?
Monica : You said that was sexy!
Monica : That's right, because I forbid you to smoke again.
Monica : Mhmm.
Monica : Don't joke (?) with me, okay? I'm very, very upset right now.
Monica : Yes.
Monica : Well, I'll tell you what we're gonna
Monica : Sex! This is the last day I'm ovulating, and when we don't do it now, we'll have to wait till next month. (walks towards bedroom)
Monica : Oh yeah!
Monica : Huh, and no cuddling.
Monica : Oh good, I hate it when you do that
Monica : Spend more time with the tie. That'll make a baby.
Monica : Oh sure, now you're Mister Sensitivity. But when you wanted to have sex right after my uncle's funeral
Monica : No, you're right. Mnya, we shouldn't do it like this. Huch. For what it's worth, I'm, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come down on you so hard about the smoking. So you had a few cigarettes, not the end of the world.
Monica : Yah.
Monica : D'you want to?
Monica : 'kay.
Monica : You know what? Let's not talk.
Monica : Uch. I am still so mad at you for smoking.
Monica : Oh, blablablabaybaybay.
Monica : I was just saying that because I was ovulating and you said you wouldn't have sex with me while we're fighting.
Monica : That's right, I got mine.
Monica : (entering with husband) Happy birthday!
Monica : Well, we had a little fight.
Monica : You used to tell girls you were a Kennedy. (being sat down) Ooh, uh, thanks. Wow, little tight, isn't it? How d'you get a bigger table? You-you had a big table, but they made you move. Huh-huh, shut up Monica. Whoo, I suppose that Chandler will have the smoked duck.
Monica : Why would you do that?
Monica : Mom's here? I wanted to have lunch with her today, she told me she was out of town.
Monica : Uch, you see, I'm ovulating.
Monica : Yes smokie, that is what it was. I just can't get enough.
Monica : Bye.
Monica : So, I'm, I'm probably still ovulating. Do you want to give it another try?
Monica : We don't have much time. Once the egg decended the oviduct ...
Monica : Oh, the way you crushed Mike at ping pong was such a turn-on.You wanna...? (plays with her finger on Chandlers chest)
Monica : I'll put a pillowcase over my head.
Monica : What's up?
Monica : Yeah, you can hear everything through these stupid walls.
Monica : Wait a minute, I think Phoebe's right. You know I hear someone else in there with him. (they all put their ear against the wall to be able to hear what's being said. We move to Ross's room where he and Charlie are kissing.)
Monica : Oh my God, that's Charlie!
Monica : I'm not sure about this.
Monica : No I'm not sure that it's the best way to hear everything. Someone get me a glass!
Monica : What?
Monica : (in her Monica-excited-way... TOO LOUD!) Oh my God, I love how thin these walls are! (In the rooms next door, Joey, Rachel, Ross and Charlie stop kissing and try to understand what the yelling was about. After a while they continue kissing. We're back in Chandler and Monica's room. Monica has some of her own hair stuffed in her mouth by Chandler.)
Monica : (muffled) Thank you. OPENING CREDITS (Rachel and Joey's)
Monica : I can't believe this. Rachel and Joey?
Monica : I'm on it!
Monica : I think I hear curtains closing...
Monica : Bedsprings, unmistakable!
Monica : Not until you said it. Somebody switch! (Chandler makes a clicking sound with his fingers and Phoebe runs to the other wall. Monica returns to Chandlers wall.) Wait a minute... Ross and Charlie, Joey and Rachel, Phoebe and Mike! We're the only people leaving with the same person we came with.
Monica : Okay, I've had it with the hair jokes. Tomorrow morning, before we leave, I'm going to the salon.
Monica : Honey, if you know it through a wall, you know it too well! (They are still listening at the wall, when Ross enters their room)
Monica : (also hugs the wall) Yeah, we had a great time, thank you! (walks to Phoebe)
Monica : Other wall, people! Other wall! (they rush to the wall to Rachel and Joey's, and we move to that room)
Monica : Yeah, but he wants to talk to you before anything really happens with her. And as his friend, I mean, don't you think he deserves the same from you?
Monica : Check it out!
Monica : What do you think?
Monica : Don't you just love it?
Monica : And listen to this... (shakes her body so the shells tingle)
Monica : Oh, I can't wait for everyone at work to see these... (plays with her hair to make the shells tingle again) Ow!
Monica : Yeah!
Monica : Well, if I had them taken out, then I wouldn't be able to do this. (she pushes Chandler on the couch and brushes her hair and shells against Chandler's chest) You like that, right? (again, she brushes her hair against his chest and hums...)
Monica : It's "Bolero" from "10".
Monica : You what? You said you liked them.
Monica : Fine, so you don't like them. Everybody else does.
Monica : You know what? I don't care. I like it like this, and I'm gonna keep it. You're just jealous because your hair can't do this... (and she shakes her head more violently) OUCH!
Monica : And the eye!
Monica : Not really. (Chandler enters the bathroom, and Monica is standing there in a towel, with her hair stuck in the shower curtain.)
Monica : I have a problem.
Monica : Well, I was dancing around, and singing "No Woman, No Cry" and I got stuck.
Monica : Oh, well, I can move... (she moves back and forth the shower curtain rail, opening and closing the shower curtain with her hair as she goes)
Monica : (looking disappointed) I guess so...
Monica : Yeah, I tried to gnaw myself free.
Monica : Look what I found in the drawer... (Chandler looks up from his book.) And you said I'd never wear this...
Monica : Sure, what do you have in mind?
Monica : Really? I don't really feel like it.
Monica : Okay, I just don't get why you like it so much.
Monica : God, this adoption stuff is so overwhelming. There's inter-country adoption, dependency adoption.. There are so many ways to go, and this is like the biggest decision of our lives.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : That's sweet. Drink your hair.
Monica : Oh, they're brochures from different adoption agencies.
Monica : That's not really how it works.
Monica : I don't know!
Monica : Thanks, that would be great. Hey, honey, wouldn't that be great? (Chandler looks like he did the time he swallowed the toy in 605 TOW Joey's Porsche. It's the hair in his coffee.) (Frank Jr. and the triplets enter.) Frank
Monica : Hi Frank. Frank
Monica : Oh, my goodness, they've all gotten so big! (Little Chandler is pulling Chandler's sweater, while Leslie is throwing bagels at him.)
Monica : Which one is which again? Frank
Monica : Thank you so much for seeing us. Phoebe has told us such great things about you guys.
Monica : Well, we appreciate anything you can tell us.
Monica : Oh my god!
Monica : Thank you. (To Chandler.) I think I just had a tiny orgasm.
Monica : It's.. It's just so pretty and white.
Monica : Can I adopt you? (Cut to the hall. Owen is wearing his scout-uniform and is looking through a box when Chandler walks up to him.)
Monica : They're in the kitchen getting something to eat. Can you believe how nice they are?
Monica : Why? What did you do in the bathroom?
Monica : Oh my god, where's my purse? No, you know what? I can replace everything in there. Get that binder, and let's go! (Bill and Colleen enter.)
Monica : Hey, Phoebs
Monica : Uhm, we just wanna give you a heads-up. Bill and Colleen hate us.
Monica : What?
Monica : (entering) Hey! Ross and
Monica : (to Chandler) Hey sweetie! (they kiss)
Monica : Chandler gets pedicures!
Monica : There. Here's their card.
Monica : Hey Phoebe!
Monica : I know, Amanda! Ah! She called me too! She's the worst!
Monica : She's this girl who used to live in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message. (she apes Amanda using an awful British accent) "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!"
Monica : (pause) (to Phoebe) Chandler gets pedicures!
Monica : I know, and she's always bragging about all the famous people she's met.
Monica : Oh, what are we gonna do! I don't wanna see her!!
Monica : What?
Monica : Oh, I guess we could try that, but... it seems so harsh! (to Chandler) Have you ever done that?
Monica : (to Phoebe) No, no, don't get it. Let the machine pick up.
Monica : It could be Amanda!
Monica : You're from Yonkers! Your last name is Buffo-Martisis!
Monica : We weren't picking up, it's Amanda!
Monica : Hi Amanda! Actually now... it's... is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night? (Phoebe mouths 'no') Ok, Phoebe and I will see you then!
Monica : Well, I said 'no' to her coming over now! I couldn't say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to please people!
Monica : And you would?
Monica : How could you mess this up? It's so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!!
Monica : One Two Three...
Monica : Wow, really? One time he just looked at my bra and it popped open. (Chandler starts looking at her bra)
Monica : Well, you guys have been friends forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was? You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that.
Monica : (sees what he is doing) Chandler, stop! It is not going to pop open!
Monica : Hey Phoebe!
Monica : Is Amanda here yet?
Monica : (sits down) Oh good. Good, look I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan. Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency.
Monica : Well, what do you think of Mike and Chandler being in a car accident?
Monica : Hi!
Monica : (beaming) Yeah! Yeah! His name is Chandler and...
Monica : When were we not friends?
Monica : Ehm, we were friends in 1992.
Monica : (To Phoebe) You were going to cut me out?
Monica : Oh My God!
Monica : (Into the phone) Hello? Chandler, what's wrong? (She listens) Oh my God, are you alright? (listens some more) Yeah, I'll be right there. (She hangs up and speaks to Amanda) I'm so sorry, but Chandler was in a car accident. (She gets up)
Monica : Nope! (She turns and leaves)
Monica : We are not friends with Phoebe anymore.
Monica : I have nothing to say to you.
Monica : I can't believe you tried to cut me out. Why Phoebe, why?
Monica : I'm still all those things!
Monica : (starts smiling) I am scrappy.
Monica : It's because I'm scrappy.
Monica : I won't know what I would do without you. (They hug)
Monica : Well, I guess we should go back in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda.
Monica : (she enters) Hey guys! Ross, Rachel and
Monica : That place in Vermont? You can take a hint!
Monica : Well, can't you just have the party when we get back?
Monica : Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away. You know, to reconnect... emotionally.
Monica : All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party.
Monica : Believe me, that is not why we won't be doing that! OPENING CREDITS
Monica : Hey!
Monica : All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and get the fun time started!
Monica : Are you freaking kidding me, Green? (someone knocks on the door. Rachel goes to open it) Jack and
Monica : So glad you came!
Monica : I can't believe Emma is still asleep!
Monica : I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up!
Monica : Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike there when I was a kid.
Monica : Oh, did you do a picture of Emma?
Monica : Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key!
Monica : We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way. You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years!
Monica : Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in a half hour.
Monica : Alright, 5 more minutes. (The phone rings, Ross picks up)
Monica : No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us (Points at herself and Chandler) We've been complaining the longest!
Monica : No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea.
Monica : Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right now!
Monica : No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying.
Monica : (She gives Joey a you-are-so-stupid-look) Ok, ten.
Monica : Ok, how about
Monica : Everybody get your toys! (They all run toward the table with toys)
Monica : Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go (Takes two cups and marks the start and finish lines with them) from here to here. Now the one who comes in last, stays!
Monica : (to the dog) What are you barking at? (While Phoebe's bear is still in the lead, it is now closely followed by Joey's robot. Chandler and Monica's dog however, sits down, barking... and does a backflip.)
Monica : Wha... How the hell is that gonna help?
Monica : No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose. (turns to Chandler) The rules clearly stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog never crossed the finish line, so technically...
Monica : Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size.
Monica : Game?
Monica : That's how old you are.
Monica : (embraces Emma tightly) Ooh, I want one...
Monica : ...and head to Canada!
Monica : I wasn't. Let's get going! (Phoebe enters the apartment again.)
Monica : What about your massage client?
Monica : Thanks!
Monica : Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you would write one for us.
Monica : Thank you! (Joey looks at them, disappointed about their decision)
Monica : Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with the words".
Monica : Clearly we were wrong.
Monica : You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it.
Monica : Wow! Don't you look nice?!
Monica : You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom!
Monica : (also reading it) It doesn't make any sense.
Monica : Alright, what was this sentence originally? (shows the sentence to Joey)
Monica : Hey Joey, I don't think we can use this.
Monica : Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani (Joey makes a 'and-what's-wrong-with-that' look). Hey, why don't you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself!
Monica : Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song.
Monica : Oh my God, Mike was gonna propose?
Monica : Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him!
Monica : I proposed to Chandler! (Phoebe stops herself from laughing) Alright, moving on...
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : How about at a game, on the big screen?
Monica : What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it!
Monica : No, sorry sweety..
Monica : You dropped it off?
Monica : You hand-wrote it?
Monica : Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds!
Monica : Okay good.
Monica : Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store.
Monica : What?
Monica : (surprised) They thought Joey was a child?
Monica : Hey, what did you guys do today?
Monica : Because there are so many terrible sights in this world.
Monica : I'm a cool, fun aunt!
Monica : What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean?
Monica : Hey, you wanna go to see a movie?
Monica : Oh, right.
Monica : Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker!
Monica : Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you to give up?
Monica : Who's Gladys? (Phoebe shows her a horrific painting with a half-a-body girl dummy coming out of the frame. Monica's frightened and she gasps.) Oh! What a tragic loss!
Monica : (faking happiness) Well, I-I-I-I... I don't know...
Monica : Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her!
Monica : Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!"
Monica : Damn it, I did not think this through!
Monica : Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you keep the painting?
Monica : Wow, what's the bad news!
Monica : Huh!
Monica : You know, I would give her up, for you.
Monica : But I want to.
Monica : But I insist!
Monica : No, that landed in your food!
Monica : (faking happiness) Oh, my!
Monica : (sounds desperate, knowing what Rachel is trying to do) I haven't really settled on a spot yet!
Monica : (offended) I like that poster!
Monica : (Impatient with Rachel) Are you still here?
Monica : Hey! I sold that to Joey.
Monica : No, too late. You can't give it back! (she pushes the painting back to Rachel)
Monica : No you can't. She's yours!
Monica : SHE'S YOURS!
Monica : She's m-i-i-ne!
Monica : She's mine!
Monica : She's mine!
Monica : She's mine!
Monica : Oh my God! (we see Joey and Chandler standing there, and Chandler is wearing the blue Ichiban lipstick!)
Monica : (sarcastically) We?
Monica : And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state.
Monica : Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes?
Monica : Chandler?
Monica : Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR?
Monica : It isn't mine!
Monica : Oh my God, the adoption lady is early!
Monica : Ok.
Monica : We're waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I'm glad you're here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this (she puts a box on the table and opens it). I don't know if you wanna use it, but...
Monica : I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!
Monica : That's crazy! (Phoebe looks bewildered). I am sorry. I just can't imagine giving up my one wedding day like that!
Monica : That's right. You're making a commitment and that's the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it?
Monica : Ow! (Chandler slaps her on her back) Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up!
Monica : Yay!
Monica : Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some stupid kids!
Monica : Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in.
Monica : Would you like something to drink?
Monica : Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We're really excited about getting this process started.
Monica : Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it.
Monica : Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby before them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. (Laura looks shocked)
Monica : Really? What is it?
Monica : Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani?
Monica : Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today!
Monica : Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the furniture, because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there!
Monica : (Pulls Laura into the spare room) Why don't I show you the baby's room? (Joey enters through the side window and jogs towards the kitchen holding a baseball bat)
Monica : So that was the baby's room. (They come out and Chandler throws Joey behind the couch and puts his foot on him. Monica looks at Chandler)
Monica : (To Chandler) What room should we see next?
Monica : (laughs nervously as well, Laura looks confused) (To Laura) Some people don't get him, but I think he's really funny! (She takes Laura to their own bedroom). (Joey gets up and look annoyed)
Monica : Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard.
Monica : Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler... Ok, goodbye. (hangs up)
Monica : It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on the waiting list.
Monica : Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's a baby waiting for us. Oh... (Chandler and Monica hug and after a while the telephone rings again... Monica's eyes get bigger. Chandler answers.)
Monica : Hey guys!
Monica : We need to talk to you about something.
Monica : No, it's not!
Monica : Thank you, Pheebs!
Monica : What? You are way off, lady!
Monica : That's my favourite kind! Okay, we are doing this!
Monica : Hey, stay out of this, Chandler! This is between me... and ME!
Monica : You guys, I ordered some chocolate pies from that bakery on Bleecker. Could you pick them up for me?
Monica : No, no, no, I don't make chocolate pies. When I was younger I-I enter in this pie-eating contest. I ate so many that just the thought of them made me sick.
Monica : 2 minutes, 12 pies and a part of one tin! Okay, I see you guys at 4.
Monica : This dinner is gonna be so great! In your face, last year "me"! (Monica leaves)
Monica : (Chandler's laughing) Did someone drop the baton again?
Monica : (she tastes what she has cooked) I don't get older. I just get better!
Monica : You don't know that.
Monica : Yeah, but we haven't heard a thing from the adoption agency and it has been weeks!
Monica : Name one of his books.
Monica : Ok, let's see... uhm, okay, the turkey is in the oven, the stuffing is ready...
Monica : Oh, Chandler, that's sweet. But you don't have to do everything Doctor Phil tells you to do.
Monica : Ok, let's see... Oh, the cranberry sauce, it is easy to make and no-one really cares about it.
Monica : Okay, I'm gonna go check on something across the hall. You start by washing these (she gives Chandler a bowl with cranberries. Then, while she's going outside, she sees him with a bottle of soap in his hands) Not with soap!! (she leaves)
Monica : Where is everybody? They're forty-five minutes late!
Monica : Do you hear something? (Chandlers stands up and goes to the door to look out from the peephole)
Monica : Ohhh! Let me see! Oh God, I can't believe this! They're an hour late and they're just staying out there, talking!
Monica : (gasps) Oooh! They are in for a world of pain!
Monica : Oh! They're late and they're sloppy! [Cut to the hall] (Rachel comes out of her apartment}
Monica : No! Everything's cold. The turkey's dried out and the... the stuffing is all soggy.
Monica : (Rolling her eyes) Nothing. It's fine.
Monica : That's all the turkey you're gonna get. [cut to the hall]
Monica : Hey, you touch that and you will be sorry.
Monica : Stinky?!
Monica : Oh! Enough! A monkey could have made 'em!
Monica : Yeah, they do seem to feel pretty bad.
Monica : (Gets up) Okay, okay. You two (to Phoebe and Rachel) go get the dessert. And I'll let you in.
Monica : Yeah, I asked you and Phoebe to pick up the pies. You did remember, right?
Monica : Grand Supreme Little Darling?
Monica : Oh my God! YOU FORGOT THE PIES? Well, I cannot believe this. You force me to make dinner, then you're an hour late and you forget the one little thing that I asked you to do.
Monica : It's too late for apologies.
Monica : The three of us?
Monica : Joey, that is not gonna work.
Monica : Alright, well, this does not change anything. (to Chandler) Okay, we need to get something to grease the sides of his face.
Monica : Bring it.
Monica : Here you go! (She squirts some of the grease along Joey's face.)
Monica : Okay, try it. (Joey tries to pull back at all his might.)
Monica : Alright, we're gonna have to unscrew the chain.
Monica : Chandler, where are your tools?
Monica : I do, but Rachel borrowed them.
Monica : Oh!
Monica : Okay, I have to get that. Now when I get back, I want you and your friends to be gone. Thanksgiving is over. The Vein has spoken.
Monica : (very emotional) I don't care. (Chandler can't believe what he's hearing. He looks at Monica, then at the others, then back at Monica.)
Monica : That was the adoption agency...
Monica : WE'RE GETTING A BABY!
Monica : There's a pregnant woman in Ohio, and she picked us! (They all cheer and Rachel, Ross and Phoebe join in for a group hug. Joey also joins, but he stands back a bit, because he is all sticky of the food on him)
Monica : This Thanksgiving kicks last Thanksgiving's ass! (They all cheer and hug again, but Joey's eating the food off his shirt) COMMERCIAL BREAK
Monica : I can't believe they called, and we're actually getting a baby. (she kisses Chandler)
Monica : Hey!
Monica : Yep, we're gonna meet the lady who could be carrying our baby.
Monica : She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us.
Monica : And a lot could still get in our way.
Monica : Oh my God. She's gonna pick us!
Monica : You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby!
Monica : Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and (to Chandler) you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY! {she leaves)
Monica : Ok, thank you.(the man leaves) Uh, well this is it. Are you OK?
Monica : Uh, we're gonna be great.
Monica : Well... obviously! Agency
Monica : Hi. It is so, so nice to meet you.
Monica : I don't know about that.
Monica : (overlapping) Let her finish, doctor.
Monica : Amen.
Monica : Uh, good hands. (she holds Chandler hands) Healing hands.
Monica : It says "Do it!". And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good.
Monica : Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock.
Monica : We don't?
Monica : Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! (to Chandler, who looks bewildered). Did you hear that?
Monica : (to Erica) Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. (they hugs). You are SO going to Heaven!
Monica : Why not?
Monica : God works in mysterious ways.
Monica : But she liked us.
Monica : Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. (looks very convinced about what she just said)
Monica : C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now.
Monica : (very emotional) Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us.
Monica : I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us?
Monica : (Almost crying) Please.. please, we are so close.
Monica : (realizes Chandler is right. She's almost crying) okay, right. (They hug)
Monica : (sniffing) Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend?
Monica : Technicality!
Monica : (pointing to a picture on the table) I-Is... Is that a picture?
Monica : Look, doctor! (Chandler takes Monica's hand, and gets serious) Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk...(pause) We're not who you think we are. Agency
Monica : Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. (holds up the sonogram)
Monica : Well, we... (makes quotation signs in the air) "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend.
Monica : But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider...
Monica : Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file...
Monica : God bless you Chandler Bing! COMMERCIAL BREAK
Monica : (really excited) Mmh... this cake is amazing!
Monica : I would get a room with this cake. I think I could show this cake a good time!
Monica : (with no hesitation) Sex!
Monica : Oh, I'm sorry honey, you know, but when she said "sex" I wasn't thinking about "sex with you"!
Monica : Hey! You smell like perfume and cigarettes.
Monica : Nancy doesn?t smoke!
Monica : So? What do you think of the house?
Monica : Isn?t it? Then what about the amazing wainscotting and the crown molding and the dormer windows in the attic?
Monica : Don?t you love the huge yard?
Monica : And Nancy said that it's really under price, because the guy lost his job and has to move in with his parents!
Monica : So? Do you think we should get it?
Monica : I think we should.
Monica : This is huge!
Monica : How bad you wanna smoke, right now.
Monica : Gotcha. When do we tell them about this?
Monica : Okay. Right. Oh my God that is gonna be so hard.
Monica : If only there were a smaller one to clean this one!
Monica : No, he?s picking up dinner, why, what?s up?
Monica : What?
Monica : Oh my God! Oh my God that?s awful! What did you think of the house? (they all look confused and sorry for her)
Monica : Yeah, sure... uhm, I'm devastated, obviously... (to the rest) Did you think the neighborhood was homey? (Chandler enters)
Monica : (goes to Chandler) Phoebe and Rachel saw you with Nancy today and... em... they think you're having an affair.
Monica : (turns to them) Ok, alright, you guys, you'd better sit down, this is pretty big.
Monica : Uhm, she has been showing us houses outside of the city.
Monica : When we found out that we're gonna get this baby, Chandler and I started talking and we decided that we didn't want to raise a kid in the city.
Monica : And that's great for you guys, but we want a lawn and a swingset...
Monica : And about an hour ago, we made an offer. (All the friends looked shocked and confused. There is a long silence.)
Monica : (smiling) It's so sweet. It really is. It has this big yard that leads down to this stream and then there's these old maple trees... (gets cut off)
Monica : We think if you saw it, you'd understand. I mean you guys were there. (Points to Rachel and Phoebe) It is beautiful, isn't it?
Monica : Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica... (from 1.18 - "The One With All the Poker")
Monica : Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmallows in concentric circles.
Monica : Every year. (from 5.08 - "The One With the Thanksgiving Flashbacks")
Monica : Hey, did you get the turkey bast-Oh my God! Oh my God! (She sees someone is stuck in the turkey.) Who is that?
Monica : I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
Monica : Deal! TIME LAPSE
Monica : Maurice.
Monica : It?s umm, it has something to do with transponding.
Monica : That?s not even a word! (Ross stops the clock, signifying the end of the lightning round.)
Monica : NOOOOOOOOO!!!!! TIME LAPSE (The door opens and Joey and Chandler ride in on the big, fake dog in triumph)
Monica : Hey, we would still be living here if hadn?t gotten the question wrong!
Monica : (She opens the door.) Hey Ross. What's up bro? (Ross spots Chandler and starts chasing him around the kitchen table. Chandler runs and hides behind Monica.)
Monica : I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but iit-t's true, I love him too. (There's a brief pause.)
Monica : Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I?m just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Monica : Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y?know, I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y?know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate. She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she?ll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I?d like.
Monica : When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
Monica : When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
Monica : And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive. (To Rachel) (Starts to cry) You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! (They both break down in tears.) TIME LAPSE (Monica closes the door and slowly walks into Rachel?s old and now empty room.)
Monica : She really left.
Monica : Thank you.
Monica : Can I ask you a question?
Monica : What the hell is that dog doing here?! (She notices the dog sitting in the living room.) (from 1.09 - "The One Where Underdog Gets Away")
Monica : And? (Chandler listens to what Nancy says)
Monica : We can't afford that.
Monica : Well, there you go. (Chandler and Monica hug)
Monica : Yeah, we'll be okay.
Monica : I know there'll be other houses, but it's just so... I love that one so much.
Monica : What?
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : Oh my God! My God! We've got the house !?
Monica : And a baby...
Monica : We sure are.
Monica : (quickly) Not it!
Monica : Rachel, this is yours.
Monica : All right, everybody open them! (they all tear off the wrapping paper)
Monica : I know.
Monica : Enjoy! (they both run off, leaving Ross, Phoebe and Rachel stunned.)
Monica : Hey, let me tell them!
Monica : Joey is gonna be a celebrity guest on a game show!
Monica : (stopping Joey from answering) Ohh! Fish, seaweed, a sunken ship.
Monica : Oh, that was our favourite game show ever!
Monica : Or "Win, Lose or Draw".
Monica : Oh, I can't. We're throwing Phoebe a bachelorette party.
Monica : Ross and I always wanted to be Donny and Marie.
Monica : Yeah, we used to perform for our family and friends.
Monica : (singing) "I'm a little bit country"...
Monica : (to Rachel) Hey, where is this guy, it's been over an hour!
Monica : Who is it?
Monica : What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad? (looks over to Phoebe and she opens the door, and to their dismay, the stripper is an old, short, fat guy who looks exhausted) Roy, the male
Monica : Are you gonna be ok, officer, uhm,...
Monica : ...If-you-say-so.
Monica : Oh my God, this man is gonna get naked in my apartment!
Monica : Oh, no! I mean, obviously we want to see you take your clothes off! You big piece of eye candy!
Monica : (walks towards Phoebe and the stripper) Uh, look, officer... uhm Sir...
Monica : I can't believe we are at a real college party! (Rachel laughs excitedly) I have to pee so bad!
Monica : Hey, you've got a boyfriend!
Monica : Look, there's Chandler. You knew, that stupid friend of Ross'. Said I'm fat. You know I've already lost 4 pounds!
Monica : I KNOW!
Monica : Hi Chandler. It's really nice to see you (rolls her eyes) NOT. (she and Rachel giggle a little and Chandler looks unimpressed)
Monica : Oh my God Rach. Bean bag chairs.
Monica : Do NOT let me sit in one of those. We'll be here for days. (Cut to Chandler. He's walking around looking for Ross. He sees him kissing a girl next to a vending machine)
Monica : That's weird. I've had the same number of beers as you and I don't feel anything at all. (Chandler approaches)
Monica : For your information, ass munch, I've lost four pounds. Maybe even five with all the dancing. (A guy enters holding a pizza box) Pizza
Monica : Oh THATS ME! (she runs to the pizza guy)
Monica : She and Phoebe took the stripper to the hospital.
Monica : What? When was this?
Monica : Oh my God! That's wild!
Monica : Two guys in one night? Wow, I thought she became a slut after she got her nose fixed.
Monica : (screeching) OH! Oh, oh! (holding her hand in front of her mouth)
Monica : YES! (Chandler gets an "oh no!" look on his face)
Monica : I was the pile of coats!
Monica : You were my Midnight Mystery Kisser?
Monica : You were my first kiss ever?
Monica : (she enters with a headset on and she's speaking into the microphone) Well, it matters to me!
Monica : Did you just hung up on me? (she hangs up too) All right, look, I need you at the rehearsal dinner tonight at 1800 hours.
Monica : You don't know military time?
Monica : Just subtract twelve.
Monica : (screaming) Six o'clock!
Monica : Ok. Hold on. (her mobile phone rings) Geller here! No! I said it has to be there by 4 o'clock. Goodbye. (she hangs up) Oh, how hard it is to make an ice sculpture?
Monica : Please... honey, leave the details to me. Now I wanna make this day as special for you as I can. Now, ok, I was thinking that the harpist should wear white.
Monica : Ooh... she backed out.
Monica : I made her. (Phoebe looks shocked) Steel drums don't really say "elegant wedding". Nor does Marjorie's overwhelming scent.
Monica : (coming) Are you still crying about your damn baby? Pheebs, you gotta keep the line moving, remember, 20 seconds per person. Your see these clowns all the time! (she takes off)
Monica : (looking at Phoebe eating something) Pheebs, spit that out, that has pork in it.
Monica : Yeah, I changed them. I-I sent you a fax about it!
Monica : Ah, well then there are gonna be a few surprises!
Monica : Ok, it's 2100 hours. (to Phoebe) Time for your toast. (Mike appears)
Monica : You had a bathroom break at 2030. Pee on your own time, Mike! (to Phoebe and Mike). Now, in regard to the toast, okay, you wanna keep them short, nothing kills a rehearsal dinner like long speeches. Okay. You just get in, do your thing and get out!
Monica : (very serious) It's 2101 and I am not amused. (pause). Ok, the bride and groom have a few words they'd like to say. (Everyone sits and Phoebe gets up)
Monica : What?
Monica : Hi. About last night... I know you are under a lot of stress and even though the things you said hurt me a little bit... My point is, uh, well, I'm willing to take my job back.
Monica : Oh, is that so? Ok. If that's really what you want, then here... I give you the headset. Well, I don't really want to give you the headset. Well I guess if you're taking over, you should probably return these messages. (hands her a stack of papers with messages and calls to return)
Monica : Uh-huh, but I'm sure you can handle this. I mean, I have won awards for my organizational skills, but, uh, I'm sure you'll do fine.
Monica : Mm-mh. I printed them out on my computer. (Ross enters the room)
Monica : Hi.
Monica : She's in her room, why?
Monica : I know. (Mike enters the room).
Monica : Bye. (Mike opens the door and there is a gigantic ice sculpture standing in the doorway)
Monica : (Obviously enjoying this setback) Ugh, I guess it got sent to the billing address as opposed to the shipping address. (by now she can barely keep herself from smiling) Uh! What a pickle.
Monica : (enjoying what she's seeing) How's it going?
Monica : What?
Monica : (Sounds moved) Really?
Monica : You really want me to come back?
Monica : Ok people, we are back in business! (Gets her headset out of her purse) Oh God, we've missed you soo much! (takes all the notes from Phoebe) Ok, go and get your hair and make-up done, and I'll take care of everything. (Joey walks in)
Monica : Ooh! But the band and the photographer are coming all the way in from New Jersey!
Monica : (Putting down her phone) Well, the club lost it's power.
Monica : (thinking) AFFIRMATIVE!
Monica : (walking around with her headset still on) OK LET'S GET THESE CHAIRS OUT HERE! Gunther, hit the Christmas lights. (He does so and the lights above the chairs light up. Monica looks satisfied) Okay, who left the ice sculpture (picks up a piece of ice from the ground) ON THE STEAM GRATE? (nobody answers) Mike's
Monica : Level 1 alert. I repeat, level 1. This is not a drill. Okay we've got a situation. The minister just called. He's snowed in. He can't make it.
Monica : Really?
Monica : Okay, if Joey does the ceremony, then we have to find someone else to walk Phoebe down the isle.
Monica : Okay, Mike and Joey, get in position. Chandler, come with me. (they walk off, Ross looks down to Chappy, who he's holding and he gets a whiff of the dog's smell. He is clearly disgusted by it.) (Cut to inside Central Perk where Rachel is helping Phoebe. Chandler and Monica enter.)
Monica : Okay, Joey's doing the ceremony and Chandler's giving you away.
Monica : So, you're ready to do this?
Monica : I love you. (Phoebe leans in to kiss her.) Oh, wait, wait, wait! No hugs. The dresses... Oh what the hell. (the girls hug)
Monica : I love you.
Monica : Okay. (in her microphone) It's zero hour. All teams execute on my count. (to all) Let's get this bad boy on the road.
Monica : (checking her clipboard) I have you scheduled for nudity at 2300 hours.
Monica : Okay Marjorie, hit it. (A woman with a steel drum and a guy with a xylophone start playing an instrumental version of "Can't Help Falling In Love" by Elvis Presley. A bridesmaid and a groomsman walk down the isle. Next are Rachel and Ross, who carries Chappy in his arms.)
Monica : Groomsman, groomsman, why are you just standing there, where is your bridesmaid? (into microphone) We've got a broken arrow. Bridesmaid down! (realizes) Oh, that's me. (She walks down the aisle with the groomsman. We cut to inside Central Perk, where Phoebe and Chandler are waiting.)
Monica : Yeah, you really shouldn't. (to Ross, sarcastically) By the way, how was that year-long dig in Cairo?
Monica : Hey.
Monica : I'm making cookies for Erica. And oh, by the way, we have to leave for the airport soon, her plane comes in about an hour.
Monica : Hey.
Monica : No, we haven't seen her since this morning.
Monica : Hey!
Monica : These are for Erica!
Monica : Well, I want he baby to come out all cute and fat!
Monica : Well, because we want to get to know her better and she's never been to New York so she wants to see all the tourists' spots... you know, Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building...
Monica : Well, if it annoys you so much, then why do you do it?
Monica : Honey.
Monica : (entering with Erica and Chandler) Hey you guys.
Monica : I want you to meet someone really special. Phoebe, this is Erica. And this is the baby!
Monica : Joey. Erica, baby!
Monica : Everyone. Erica, baby!
Monica : Oh, I'm glad. Listen, I want to apologize about Chandler, though. I just did not see this coming.
Monica : What is with you?
Monica : Yeah, you miss alot, when you're moo-ing.
Monica : Oh! It was our pleasure. We are so much enjoying getting to know you.
Monica : How's that now?
Monica : Was he falsely accused of something? (They look hopeful)
Monica : Are you awake?
Monica : Alright, we don't know that it's him. I mean, it could be the football guy.
Monica : Alright, lets say that it is him, would we not want the baby? No! Would we treat him any differently?
Monica : How?
Monica : Yeah, but maybe we're just over-reacting.
Monica : Nope, she doesn't have to, I found out who the father is.
Monica : (smiling) No it's not.
Monica : The thing we never do.
Monica : Well, because every time we do, you make jokes about swinging and scare them away.
Monica : Ross, we're kind of in the middle of diner here.
Monica : No one wanted seconds, right?
Monica : I don't know who I'm happiest for...
Monica : No, no. It felt nice to acknowledge this. (pats Chandler on his leg)
Monica : Uhm the... the ministry... of names... bureau...
Monica : I'm sorry. It's just the idea of being an official Bing.
Monica : All right. I know you're not happy about us moving, but you're the only one who hasn't seen the house.
Monica : Joey, please come. It would mean so much to us.
Monica : See you guys later.
Monica : (to Joey) I'll pick you up at eleven. So glad you're coming.
Monica : Hey Pheebs.
Monica : Oh, I'm sorry, mrs Hannigan.
Monica : Phoebe!
Monica : You seriously changed your name to that?
Monica : Okay, so from now on we have to call you Princess Consuela?
Monica : Oh God. I'm so sorry. (Ross enters with a bottle in his hand)
Monica : But more importantly to full well-rounded lives.
Monica : Thank you for letting us see the house again.
Monica : Ah, so glad you decided to come.
Monica : No it's not. We had an inspection and they didn't find anything.
Monica : Maybe because it's you hung your head out of the window like a dog the whole ride here.
Monica : No it's not!
Monica : Oh Joey, look, we know you're having a hard time with this, but we really, we love it here.
Monica : Joey, we know that's you.
Monica : Oh, I love this street. The trees, the big front yards, the actual picket fences.
Monica : Hey, where have you been?
Monica : Joey, now that you're okay with the house, do you wanna go see your room?
Monica : No!
Monica : No.
Monica : I guess. Why? Who's she with?
Monica : So what if he wants to sleep with her? I mean, she's single and he's cute.
Monica : Oh please! Yesterday on the subway? You couldn't stop staring at that woman with the big breasts the whole time.
Monica : Oh, sorry! (She looks at Ross, a bit ashamed. Chandler mimes "big breasts" to Ross and lip syncs "Wow". Ross looks at him, astonished and then Monica looks at Chandler again. A little too late he changes the "big breasts" mime into "rocking a baby". When he realizes Monica might have seen it he also strokes his imaginary baby's head.)
Monica : Hey, this afternoon you said you'd be supportive...
Monica : I know, but what are we gonna do? She really needs this job.
Monica : How is that gonna happen?
Monica : You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron?
Monica : Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't.
Monica : But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look?
Monica : That's terrible!
Monica : Joey's gonna be *so* upset.
Monica : Seriously, you don't think we should tell him?
Monica : What if he reads it in the paper?
Monica : Hi. We're buying the house next door, and we were wondering if we could just take a look around.
Monica : Thanks.
Monica : Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks like a cave! What a hole!
Monica : Love it!
Monica : They could be our neighbors, what are they like?
Monica : No, actually, we're buying the house next door. (Janice gasps)
Monica : (looks confused and scared) I don't know why.
Monica : Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer. Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will.
Monica : (Thinks a little more) Okay, Okay, (clapping her hands) All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house into a guest house.
Monica : Okay, you come up with an idea.
Monica : But we love our house.
Monica : Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise. I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls jump back up inside your body. (She shows this with her index finger, mimicking it pushing something up)
Monica : Hey, Rach, you're leaving tomorrow, shouldn't you be packing?
Monica : Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, it hurts to even joke about it.
Monica : Ok, so you've done some good work! (pause) What about your carry-ons?
Monica : Oh my God! I have nothing left to teach you! (they hug)
Monica : Here, let me help you. (they both start opening boxes)
Monica : Oh, wow, can you believe you're like three weeks away?
Monica : You don't mind me touching your belly, do you?
Monica : Yeah, and I wanted her to get to know the doctors and get settled into the hotel.
Monica : Because we're moving in a couple of days and it just didn't make sense.
Monica : Ross! She's giving us her baby. She can eat you if she wants. Erica (standing
Monica : Oh, I know. I know. Hey, you know, you can take it if you want! The lease is still in Nana's name.
Monica : Yeah, it takes two incomes.
Monica : Mhm, helpful brother - creepy loner at teen movie. (Ross takes the tape roll she's handing him and walks to the guest room while mocking Monica's voice)
Monica : From?
Monica : All right, Rachel's party is in a couple of hours and there's a lot to do. Now, Ross, you got Geller blood, you're in charge of these yahoos!
Monica : Hey! Where's Mike?
Monica : Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move to the new house with me! So,
Monica : Yeah. (Rachel enters the room)
Monica : Come here, I'll make you a drink.
Monica : Chandler? I was just in our bedroom and I found these (she holds the furry handcuffs) on my pillow.
Monica : What are you talking about? These aren't mine.
Monica : That would be a terrible punishment. But, I'm serious, I've never seen these before.
Monica : Rachel used to live in that room.
Monica : Joey's bare ass!
Monica : Yeah?
Monica : Sure.
Monica : No.
Monica : I know what you mean. You're like a sister to me too.
Monica : (having the same problem) You're the best friend I ever had.
Monica : What?
Monica : That is so sweet. (they hug)
Monica : (to Ross) So, I guess you're next. You're ready?
Monica : You cried yesterday at the six o'clock news.
Monica : Well, maybe she thought that with all of your history it could be, you know, implicit.
Monica : Yeah. Mine too.
Monica : And say what? "You owe me a goodbye", I mean, he's got more pride than that.
Monica : I hope Ross isn't too upset.
Monica : Uh, where do you think you're going?
Monica : We're moving in a couple of days and we've got a lot of packing to do. It would be great if you guys could pitch in.
Monica : Oh no! You and Phoebe are gonna help me in here.
Monica : Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a box. The silverware gets bundled in rubber bands and then bubble wrapped. Got it? Phoebe and
Monica : Good! Now I need you to be careful and efficient. And remember, if I am harsh with you, it is only because you are doing it wrong.
Monica : You did? How?
Monica : Oh my God! Let me see. (they all look at the pictures)
Monica : Nana liked it rough! (Erica, the pregnant girl, enters)
Monica : Erica, are you okay?
Monica : Oh my God!
Monica : She doesn't have a stomach ache, she's in labor.
Monica : All right, Chandler get the coats. Erica let's go. Phoebe and Joey, keep packing! Oh my God we're gonna have a baby. All right. We're gonna have a baby! OH MY GOD, WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BABY! Oh God, oh God, I got to sit down, I got to sit down. Ooh! (she's hyperventilating)
Monica : Okay, okay... Okay, I feel a little better.
Monica : Oh... Yes, I'm sure. Oh honey, let's go. Okay bye everyone. (there's a lot of supportive cheers from all. Erica, Monica and Chandler leave.)
