Phoebe : Wait, does he eat chalk? (THE OTHERS STARE, BEMUSED)
Phoebe : Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : Ooh! Oh! (STARTS TO PLUCK AT THE AIR JUST IN FRONT OF Ross)
Phoebe : (SINGS) Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, (Rachel and Monica TURN TO LOOK AT HER)..bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...
Phoebe : (GRINS and WALKS TO KITCHEN. TO Chandler and Joey) I helped!
Phoebe : Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
Phoebe : Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to. (AD BREAK) SCENE
Phoebe : All right, c'mere, gimme your feet. (SHE MASSAGES THEM)
Phoebe : Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
Phoebe : You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, clea ning windows outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel. (A PAUSE)
Phoebe : (SINGS) I can't believe what I'm hearing here...
Phoebe : (SINGS) What I said...
Phoebe : Oh, was I doing it again?
Phoebe : Oh, yeah!
Phoebe : ...Then I've already seen this one! (Turns off the TV.)
Phoebe : She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that- (Monica glares at her.) -but, it's fine!
Phoebe : Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Phoebe : Yeah, it's beautiful.
Phoebe : No, look, don't touch that!
Phoebe : Doy! Probably right before she lost it!
Phoebe : (while everyone else is stunned) Ooh! I found it!
Phoebe : She is so great! I miss her.
Phoebe : Y'know, it's even worse when you're twins.
Phoebe : Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
Phoebe : She's a waitress.
Phoebe : You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Phoebe : Okay!
Phoebe : (entering) Hi guys!
Phoebe : Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
Phoebe : Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
Phoebe : Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
Phoebe : It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
Phoebe : - and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
Phoebe : Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.
Phoebe : It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Phoebe : Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
Phoebe : Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
Phoebe : Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!
Phoebe : Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now!
Phoebe : 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- (Searches in her purse) -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
Phoebe : Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!
Phoebe : From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...' (Dubious pause.)
Phoebe : Hey, Lizzie.
Phoebe : I brought you alphabet soup.
Phoebe : Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you. (She searches in her purse.)
Phoebe : No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
Phoebe : I know.
Phoebe : No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.
Phoebe : Oh, that's fine, no.
Phoebe : No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
Phoebe : Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : No, I'm fine.
Phoebe : Huh!
Phoebe : I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
Phoebe : Does, um, anyone wanna see?
Phoebe : Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.
Phoebe : Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
Phoebe : Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
Phoebe : And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
Phoebe : Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.
Phoebe : There it is!
Phoebe : You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I- (starts chewing her hair)
Phoebe : Did he mention us?
Phoebe : (shouting as he leaves) If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
Phoebe : Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
Phoebe : (WAKING and STARTLING THEM) Oh! What what what! ...Hi.
Phoebe : I got no sleep last night!
Phoebe : My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
Phoebe : Thanks. (ENTER Chandler and Joey. Joey IS COUNTING HIS STEPS)
Phoebe : I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
Phoebe : I worked in a Dairy Queen, why?
Phoebe : (TO Monica) Look, look, I have elbows! (THEY SCREAM) SCENE
Phoebe : Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Phoebe : You are just like Jack.
Phoebe : No, Jack and the Beanstalk.
Phoebe : Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
Phoebe : Oh, see, Jack did love the cow.
Phoebe : Floopy?
Phoebe : Oh, like that's a word.
Phoebe : Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : I don't even have a 'pl'. Pizza
Phoebe : And-and a power tie? Pizza
Phoebe : Big Bird's friend.
Phoebe : Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see! (RUNS UP and TAKES THE BINOCULARS)
Phoebe : Ooh, wait.. wait, I see a woman.
Phoebe : Definitely not his mother.
Phoebe : Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza- (YELLS) Hey, that's not for you, bitch! (Phoebe COVERS HER MOUTH WITH HER Hand and WALKS AWAY FROM THE WINDOW) (CUT TO THE HOSPITAL. Joey IS MIMING HOCKEY PUCKS HITTING FOREHEADS. Chandler REALISES IT'S GETTING TENSE and GOES TO THE RECEPTIONIST AGAIN)
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
Phoebe : You'd already broken up.
Phoebe : A couple hours.
Phoebe : There he is! There he is!
Phoebe : Right- where we've been looking all night!
Phoebe : Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care. [Long pause.]
Phoebe : You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.
Phoebe : No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony.
Phoebe : Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
Phoebe : [to Rachel] What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?
Phoebe : [rhythmically] Uh-huh, uh-huh. [Angela, a beautiful woman in a tight dress, enters.]
Phoebe : Are you gonna go over there?
Phoebe : This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.
Phoebe : Eww, I don't wanna do that. [Janice and Phoebe's boyfriend, Tony, walk in.]
Phoebe : Ok, have a good break-up.
Phoebe : Yeah, it was really hard.
Phoebe : Ok, you weren't there.
Phoebe : Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed. [Chandler walks back to couch, where Janice is.]
Phoebe : Oh my god. [Chandler downs another espresso.] How many of those have you had?
Phoebe : Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
Phoebe : All right. [Janice returns from the bathroom.]
Phoebe : Wait here. Breathe. [Phoebe goes over to speak to Janice. She talks to her for a few seconds, and then Janice immediately smiles, hugs her, waves to Chandler, and leaves.]
Phoebe : It's like a gift.
Phoebe : Oh, I'd like that.
Phoebe : [seeing Rachel's clothes] What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this. [Monica and Joey enter.]
Phoebe : Hey, how'd it go?
Phoebe : Oh, he needed some time to grieve. [Chandler runs by the window outside, joyous.]
Phoebe : The exclamation point in the title scares me. (GESTURING) Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud! (THE LIGHTS DIM)
Phoebe : Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
Phoebe : Based on this play? ...Based on this play! SCENE
Phoebe : (READING Monica'S PALM) No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
Phoebe : Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
Phoebe : (TO Rachel) I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
Phoebe : Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know, (PSYCHO) Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
Phoebe : Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree! (ENTER Joey ON THE PHONE)
Phoebe : Seriously, what-what's the part?
Phoebe : No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Phoebe : Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. [plays a chord, then the lights go out] OK, thank you very much.
Phoebe : Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. [to Monica] What's my number? [Monica and Rachel look at Phoebe strangely.]
Phoebe : Well, I never call me.
Phoebe : [at window] Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles. [They all look at the window, grossed out, then flinch in pain.]
Phoebe : Oh... Milwaukee.
Phoebe : Oh, Rachel.
Phoebe : [singing] New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la... [she writes the lyrics down]
Phoebe : About what?
Phoebe : What surprise party?
Phoebe : Well, he didn't tell me.
Phoebe : This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.
Phoebe : Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in. [Monica gestures at Phoebe to shut up; Joey looks surprised but pleased] Looks like I was second to last.
Phoebe : Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.
Phoebe : [stops at a door] Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?
Phoebe : [trying to hold back the struggling cat] He seems to hate you. Are you sure? Mr.
Phoebe : Wait a minute. What's his name? Mr.
Phoebe : [the cat runs away from her] Oooh! You are a very bad man! Mr.
Phoebe : Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
Phoebe : Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
Phoebe : [smiling] You betcha!
Phoebe : I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip. [Rachel looks at her] But I won't.
Phoebe : You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... [they stare at her]... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Phoebe : Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... [time lapse]... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48.... [someone blows it out, the room gets completely dark]
Phoebe : Thanks.
Phoebe : Yeah, I think so, yeah.
Phoebe : I dunno, 'cause you're smart, you're funny...
Phoebe : Yeah, you have homosexual hair. [Enter Monica and Ross]
Phoebe : Oh, that sucks!
Phoebe : Maybe that's 'cause she's not really gone.
Phoebe : Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know? [She circles her hand around her right shoulder. Chandler, sitting on her right, draws back nervously] Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Phoebe : Thanks!
Phoebe : Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie. [Hands back the pencil] Scene
Phoebe : [Entering] Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.
Phoebe : What'd I say?
Phoebe : God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!
Phoebe : Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.
Phoebe : You missed a belt loop.
Phoebe : Okay, it's in spasm. Mrs.
Phoebe : Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
Phoebe : Ooh! That's so nice...
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : What were you modeling for?
Phoebe : You know, the asthma guy was really cute.
Phoebe : Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
Phoebe : Yeah. Oh, can I come?
Phoebe : Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?
Phoebe : Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Phoebe : No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.
Phoebe : Look out, incoming pumpkin pie!
Phoebe : [stirring pot] Ok, all done.
Phoebe : Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Phoebe : Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Phoebe : Almost never.
Phoebe : Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
Phoebe : Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys. [Short pause.]
Phoebe : Ooh.
Phoebe : Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal. [They all run to the window.]
Phoebe : It's nice that he has someone. [Time lapse. The gang is around the table, eating grilled cheese sandwiches.]
Phoebe : Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.
Phoebe : Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
Phoebe : That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
Phoebe : So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
Phoebe : Yeah, you wish!
Phoebe : Oh, oh, good.
Phoebe : [Takes mike] Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year. [Shakes bell as an introduction]
Phoebe : [Sung] ...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy... [Over the sound of Phoebe singing we hear two scientists, Max and David, having a noisy discussion]
Phoebe : [Sung] ...I feel a little sneezy And now I- [abruptly stops] Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys! [They stop talking and look up] Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?
Phoebe : Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
Phoebe : Could you speak up please?
Phoebe : Okay, we're gonna take a short break. [Goes over to their table]
Phoebe : David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
Phoebe : Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Phoebe : Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
Phoebe : No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Phoebe : Okay, alright, I have a question, then.
Phoebe : Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
Phoebe : Sure.
Phoebe : Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Phoebe : Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, right now.
Phoebe : Okay, now you're just kinda tidying.
Phoebe : I can hop. [She hops onto the table] [They kiss, finally] [Scene
Phoebe : Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?
Phoebe : No, no, he hasn't been around.
Phoebe : Minsk?
Phoebe : I know where Minsk is.
Phoebe : So when, when do you leave?
Phoebe : Hello?
Phoebe : Hi.
Phoebe : Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so [Puts on a fake cheery voice] congratulations! This is so exciting!
Phoebe : Oh, you're not going? [Fake disappointed voice] Oh, why?
Phoebe : So-so you're really not going?
Phoebe : Oh don't do that.
Phoebe : Oh no no.
Phoebe : Oh, but I can't do that-
Phoebe : It's your thing, and-
Phoebe : Okay, um, stay.
Phoebe : Stay. [He thinks for a moment and sweeps the stuff off the table]
Phoebe : Getting so good at that! [She hops on]
Phoebe : And then... your face is bloated?
Phoebe : Hi, Max!
Phoebe : Are you alright?
Phoebe : You're going to Minsk.
Phoebe : Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Phoebe : Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say [Hits him] 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Phoebe : Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me. [He does so] And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
Phoebe : And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it. [They kiss] I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy. Dick Clark
Phoebe : Everybody looks so happy. I hate that.
Phoebe : I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.
Phoebe : Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?
Phoebe : Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
Phoebe : Where? [Turns to face him] Ooh, come to Momma.
Phoebe : We should do something. Whistle.
Phoebe : Come on, do it.
Phoebe : Do it!
Phoebe : Do it do it do it!
Phoebe : I can't believe you did that! [Intro] [Scene
Phoebe : I just wish there was something we could do. [Bends down and talks to him] Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Phoebe : Maybe nobody's tried this.
Phoebe : Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Phoebe : Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Phoebe : I know. [Scene
Phoebe : Yeah, we-we feel kinda responsible.
Phoebe : Hey hey hey! She's on!
Phoebe : Your mom was arrested?
Phoebe : What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
Phoebe : Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
Phoebe : I'm in. Mrs.
Phoebe : Hi.
Phoebe : Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
Phoebe : No. [Monica brushes Coma Guy's hair in the other direction] No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
Phoebe : Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?! [Whips back the sheet] [Cut to Chandler and Joey's place. Ross is talking to Chandler. Joey is making a snack at the bar]
Phoebe : [Walks up with her guitar] Hey Rach.
Phoebe : Hello.
Phoebe : Going to the hospital tonight?
Phoebe : No, you?
Phoebe : Okay, maybe it was a trick question. [Plays a few chords] Um, Rachel can we do this now?
Phoebe : Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me. [Monica gives her a look] 'Kay.
Phoebe : Alright, whadyou do with him? [There is the sound of a flushing toilet and Coma Guy emerges from the bathroom]
Phoebe : Look at you! How, how do you feel? Coma
Phoebe : I'm Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe : Well, we both have. Coma
Phoebe : Well, actually it's just from me.
Phoebe : You know who shaved you? That was me.
Phoebe : I sang. [To Monica] Hah! Coma
Phoebe : You're welcome. Coma
Phoebe : What, that's it?
Phoebe : I don't think you mean that.
Phoebe : Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma. [Scene
Phoebe : Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta. [Joey grimaces]
Phoebe : [softly] Sorry. [Camera pans back to Monica, still on phone]
Phoebe : Woo-hoo, first weekend away together!
Phoebe : Ok, thanks. [assistant leaves, then walks back in] Phoebe's
Phoebe : Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?
Phoebe : Well, Racquela's right, yeah! [Paolo speaks Italian]
Phoebe : Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
Phoebe : Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
Phoebe : Fine!
Phoebe : Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.
Phoebe : All right, you know Paolo?
Phoebe : Well, he made a move on me. [Joey and Chandler come back]
Phoebe : He made a move on me. Joey,
Phoebe : Oh yeah, I'm sure. [Flashback resumes while Phoebe does voice-over] And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. [Flashback
Phoebe : Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.
Phoebe : Uma Thurman.
Phoebe : She is gonna hate me. Ross [sympathetic
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Are you moving out?
Phoebe : Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?
Phoebe : Oh! [sits down] Ok, um, ok, um,
Phoebe : Ok, um, [clears throat] we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world. [Phoebe opens a tin and offers Rachel a cookie] Rachel [taking
Phoebe : I know.
Phoebe : Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
Phoebe : Which proves that I never lie.
Phoebe : Paolo made a pass at me. [Rachel looks stunned]
Phoebe : Are you okay?
Phoebe : Ok, I've got milk [takes thermos from her bag and starts to pour a cup] Here you go... [Rachel drinks straight from thermos] Oh! [Rachel finishes thermos] Better?
Phoebe : I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on! [Phoebe's and Rachel's lines overlap]
Phoebe : I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!
Phoebe : No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
Phoebe : Such a pig!
Phoebe : Oh he's like a...
Phoebe : ...like a...
Phoebe : Yes, good! Ok...
Phoebe : [raises hand] Oh! I know! [Rachel startled] It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...
Phoebe : The end.
Phoebe : Should I not have told you?
Phoebe : I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...we should get over there and see if she's okay. Monica [switching places with
Phoebe : Ooh! [Paolo enters. Ross, Phoebe, and Monica scatter]
Phoebe : Oh, ok bye-bye.
Phoebe : Oh, just look at her... [girls move toward Rachel on the balcony]
Phoebe : You ok?
Phoebe : Yep!
Phoebe : Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Phoebe : Oops!
Phoebe : Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.
Phoebe : Isn't he great?
Phoebe : I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
Phoebe : Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.
Phoebe : Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
Phoebe : Oh, this is my friend Roger.
Phoebe : (Intercom) It's Phoebe.
Phoebe : Isn't he good?
Phoebe : Oh, okay. Feel better, Rachel, 'kay?
Phoebe : Oh, okay. Listen, thanks for everything, Mon.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys. [Chandler laughs]
Phoebe : So what's going on?
Phoebe : Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
Phoebe : Nothing, nothing.
Phoebe : It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
Phoebe : But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
Phoebe : Intense and creepy.
Phoebe : But I don't. Me, Phoebe.
Phoebe : You're not? See, that's why you're so great!
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.
Phoebe : Yeah, right.
Phoebe : I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy! [Closing credits] [Credits
Phoebe : Hey, Joey. What's going on?
Phoebe : 'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
Phoebe : I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.
Phoebe : Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
Phoebe : Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.
Phoebe : Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.
Phoebe : Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.
Phoebe : Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
Phoebe : Um, that's ok! [throws it in fire] Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
Phoebe : Ok, yeah, ok. [she throws the directions in] Oh, OK.
Phoebe : Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.
Phoebe : See, there you go, the cleansing works!
Phoebe : Hey guys, guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know... [Chandler comes in.]
Phoebe : Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
Phoebe : So was it a lot more money?
Phoebe : Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve? [pause] Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Phoebe : Hi! [turns back to Chandler, then to Monica] Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Phoebe : Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
Phoebe : Yeah, I know! [turns to Chandler] Well, what do you think?
Phoebe : OK. [pause] Hey Monica! Guess what!
Phoebe : Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
Phoebe : Ooh! Brian's Song!
Phoebe : [as though Rachel wasn't paying attention] Yummy noises.
Phoebe : Ooh! I know what you could make! [runs over to join Monica and Rachel in the kitchen] I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. [sits down]
Phoebe : Oh, is this the bug lady?
Phoebe : That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Phoebe : [excited] Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
Phoebe : Oh! You have a window!
Phoebe : Oh look! That guy's peeing!
Phoebe : [sitting] OK.
Phoebe : [overemphasizing] Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of [Monica signals her to stop] of, OK, smells.
Phoebe : [whispers] In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.
Phoebe : Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?
Phoebe : Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking.
Phoebe : You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?
Phoebe : How's this? [presses down hard]
Phoebe : How about over here? [presses down hard again]
Phoebe : See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt? [presses down elsewhere]
Phoebe : Ooh! Oh! Fun! Ok. Um, Liam Neeson.
Phoebe : Morly Safer.
Phoebe : The woman who cuts my hair!
Phoebe : Oh, really.
Phoebe : Riff's. Yeah, I know.
Phoebe : Hmmm? Uh, yeah. So, uh, is she fat?
Phoebe : Where were you standing?
Phoebe : It's mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know. Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it, later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new"?
Phoebe : Why? Why would you wanna do that? Why?
Phoebe : Well, I mean, I'm not my sister's, you know, whatever, and uh, I mean, it's true, we were one egg, once, but you know, we've grown apart. So, uh, I don't know. Why not?
Phoebe : Yeah I'm fine.
Phoebe : Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
Phoebe : Ooh! Bath salts would be nice.
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Right, and it's me.
Phoebe : Much as you are.
Phoebe : Oh, that's good.
Phoebe : Good choice.
Phoebe : Oh, my first birthday present. Oh, this is really--
Phoebe : Oh, sure, yeah. Ok, it fits.
Phoebe : That you like. We get it. You like her. Great.
Phoebe : All right, well, maybe now it's not ok.
Phoebe : Ok.
Phoebe : Where're you going?
Phoebe : With?
Phoebe : All right, could I just ask you one question? Have you two, you know...like, you know, you know, yet?
Phoebe : All right, so, can we turn this off? Just, just make it--make them go away? I can't, I can't look.
Phoebe : Yeah. Yeah. It's just, you know, it's this whole stupid Ursula thing.
Phoebe : Um, yeah. Look, I mean, I'm not saying she's like evil or anything. She just, you know, she's always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldn't let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. Oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like, have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend? Monica &
Phoebe : Well, but that's what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then broke his heart, and then he wouldn't even talk to me anymore. Because he said he didn't wanna be around anything that looked like either one of us. I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but--
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : But he's falling in love with her.
Phoebe : Ok. Oh, ok, oh.
Phoebe : Hey, what's going on?
Phoebe : Oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room. Where's Joey?
Phoebe : Hi. Trouble?
Phoebe : Oh, no. Don't you just hate it when people aren't there for you?
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Um, you, got a minute?
Phoebe : So.
Phoebe : Um, oh, I got you a birthday present.
Phoebe : Right, like the kind you--
Phoebe : How'd you know I was coming?
Phoebe : I can't believe you did this. I can't believe you--did this. So, what's the deal with uh you and Joey?
Phoebe : Does he know?
Phoebe : Joey. You know, um, he's really nutsy about you.
Phoebe : You got me.
Phoebe : So, um, are you gonna call him?
Phoebe : No. Joey.
Phoebe : No. No food with a face.
Phoebe : Yeah, you too.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Listen, um.
Phoebe : I'm sorry.
Phoebe : Yeah, um, you know, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk.
Phoebe : That's right, I don't, but I was, I was drunk on you.
Phoebe : Ok, yeah, so it's not gonna work.
Phoebe : If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?
Phoebe : Um, then yes, 'cause of Phoebe. So, you know, it's either her or me.
Phoebe : You know, you're gonna be really, really hard to get over.
Phoebe : Really? (kiss)
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Is he all right?
Phoebe : 
Phoebe : Wow!
Phoebe : 
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
Phoebe : Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
Phoebe : Congratulations! [Microwave timer goes off. Monica gets up.]
Phoebe : OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
Phoebe : But... I'm ready, so, just deal.
Phoebe : [to
Phoebe : About how good your cards were.
Phoebe : A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Phoebe : OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.
Phoebe : Ha. Ha, ha.
Phoebe : Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.
Phoebe : Oh, it's like the mother ship is calling you home.
Phoebe : Thank y-- [thinks about it]
Phoebe : Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?
Phoebe : Alright, here's my $7.50. [hands them the money] But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
Phoebe : Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
Phoebe : [holding a card and waving it in front of her face] Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go. [they look at her] Right, OK, serious poker. [Ross gets up from the table.]
Phoebe : [looks at her cards] Yes! [everyone looks at her] .... or no. [Ross comes back from bathroom.]
Phoebe : You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Phoebe : Yeah. Um... I'm out. [throws in cards]
Phoebe : Monica, in or out?
Phoebe : OK Joey, your bet.
Phoebe : Ross?
Phoebe : Chandler?
Phoebe : Me too. Rachel.
Phoebe : Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants. [Ross is visibly upset.]
Phoebe : Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
Phoebe : I'm in.
Phoebe : ...teen! [throws in a ten-dollar bill] [Ross looks in his wallet, pulls out two dollars.]
Phoebe : That's a bird? [Monica glares at Phoebe.]
Phoebe : That's a bird! [Monica sits, Rachel gets up.]
Phoebe : So good!
Phoebe : I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Phoebe : Hugh! Hugh Grant!
Phoebe : [Entering] Hey.
Phoebe : Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?
Phoebe : Oh no, how?
Phoebe : Which one?
Phoebe : No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...
Phoebe : Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall? Mr.
Phoebe : Okay, thank you, Mr. Heckles. [They move off] Mr.
Phoebe : Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Phoebe : Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
Phoebe : Yes, but there isn't always time!
Phoebe : Dun-dun-duuuur! Sorry. [Cut to another part of the building. We see Marcel jump in through a window and run down some stairs, then Chandler and Joey come down from the upper floor without noticing]
Phoebe : Marcel?
Phoebe : Marcel?
Phoebe : OhmyGod!
Phoebe : Something just brushed up against my right leg!
Phoebe : Oh, it's okay, it was just my left leg. [Marcel makes a monkeyish noise- he is sitting in the corner]
Phoebe : Yeah! Oh, c'mere, Marcel! Oh, Marcel, c'mere! [Luisa appears on the stairs]
Phoebe : Yeah, think so. Oh! [She notices the tranquiliser dart has hit her in the butt and removes it] Huh. [Sways back] Whoah.
Phoebe : Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea. [Mr. Heckles opens the door]
Phoebe : Nope.
Phoebe : How can people do that?... (All BUT Phoebe WALK AWAY FROM THE WINDOW IN DISGUST) Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots! OPENING TITLES SCENE
Phoebe : Oh, God, just do it! (GETTING PHONE) Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
Phoebe : So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
Phoebe : Okay, they're just talking...
Phoebe : No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!
Phoebe : That man across the street just kicked that pigeon! (ENTER Rachel) Oh!
Phoebe : Not a good day for birds...
Phoebe : Oh my God! (WALKS TO WINDOW) Go away! (GESTICULATING) Stop looking in here!
Phoebe : You cook naked?
Phoebe : Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
Phoebe : How many beeps?
Phoebe : How'd he take it?
Phoebe : Sex in his chair.
Phoebe : Where are you going?
Phoebe : Radiator.
Phoebe : Rdtor.
Phoebe : You know he's gay?
Phoebe : Whoo-hoo!
Phoebe : Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again! [Points to a lamp which is shaking behind the sofa]
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : What are you doing?
Phoebe : This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, Monica, DON'T DO IT!! ...Thank you. [Scene
Phoebe : Lotsa things. [They go in and sit down]
Phoebe : I think she means [Imitates] 'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon. [They put on some spare shoes]
Phoebe : [Dancing in a swirly, Phoebe kind of way] I'm totally getting it!
Phoebe : Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
Phoebe : Hey. We found her, we found the girl.
Phoebe : Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke. [Scene
Phoebe : I'd say that chair's taking the brunt.
Phoebe : ...Flame Boy. [Scene
Phoebe : Okay. Goodbye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the 'plane.
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : Tell him, tell him.
Phoebe : Doing it on this table. [points at the table]
Phoebe : [points at Joey?s pen] Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Phoebe : Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
Phoebe : No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop". And they are.
Phoebe : What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
Phoebe : I could be a secretary.
Phoebe : I could do that. [Ross?s beeper goes off]
Phoebe : Well, maybe 25-26.
Phoebe : There you go.
Phoebe : [plays with a thumbtack remover] Yeah?
Phoebe : Oh. Uh, I?m on. [picks up the phone]
Phoebe : [with a deep voice] Mr. Bing?s office. No I?m sorry, he?s in a meeting right now.
Phoebe : Will he know what this is in reference to? And he has your number? All right, I?ll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
Phoebe : Ross says hi.
Phoebe : This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?
Phoebe : Most likely. [raises and goes toward the door] Okay, I?m gonna be out there.
Phoebe : All right. Bye bye.
Phoebe : Whatcha doin??
Phoebe : Oh, exellent. Everyone was so, so nice.
Phoebe : No, I didn?t tell anybody that I knew you.
Phoebe : Oh, because, you know... they don?t like you.
Phoebe : I thought you knew that.
Phoebe : Everyone. Except for uh... no everyone.
Phoebe : Don?t feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you?re like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing". [Joey and Ross laughs]
Phoebe : Yeah, yeah. They even do you.
Phoebe : You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?' [Joey and Ross laughs]
Phoebe : That is so sweet, you guys. [hugs them] [Monica enters, wearing a walkman, so she doesn?t hear what the others say] Ross, Rachel &
Phoebe : Hey, Mon.
Phoebe : Ooh, oh, I?ve gotta go. [raises] Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go. [sits down, and then raises again] Cool!
Phoebe : Um, oh, I?ve got a birthday party, with some work people.
Phoebe : No, I know. That?s a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravagance.
Phoebe : Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
Phoebe : I really do, yeah.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don?t wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
Phoebe : You were great. But they still made fun of you.
Phoebe : You know, now you?re more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss", "Mr.", you know, "I?m one of you, Boss", "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing"
Phoebe : Well, you know what Chandler? I think you?ve gotta face it. You?re like, the guy in the big office, you know. You?re the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you?re a great boss.
Phoebe : Uh huh. But they?re not your friends anymore.
Phoebe : No, but you can?t.
Phoebe : Uh uh.
Phoebe : Petrie.
Phoebe : Did I miss it, did I miss it?
Phoebe : I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical. [Carol and Susan arrive.]
Phoebe : (singing) They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry... [Ross gives Phoebe a dollar.]
Phoebe : Thanks, Ross.
Phoebe : Ok. [A woman passes by, carrying newborn twins.]
Phoebe : Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Phoebe : Hey. Ooh, look at you, dressy-dress.
Phoebe : Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Phoebe : Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this. [Phoebe goes to leave the room, but the door is locked.]
Phoebe : Ok, who wants to hear something ironic? Commercial Break
Phoebe : (singing) They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next...[sees Ross and Susan staring at her] la la la la la la.
Phoebe : This is so great.
Phoebe : I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world. [pause] I'm sorry, you were fighting.
Phoebe : [reading the nametag on the uniform] Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!
Phoebe : Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent. [A janitor opens the closet door from the outside.]
Phoebe : You guys, he's beautiful!
Phoebe : Susan, he looks just like you.
Phoebe : Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes. [screen goes blank] Look, he's opening his eyes. [picture comes back]
Phoebe : Oh, look, he's got Ross's haircut!
Phoebe : Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist! Credits
Phoebe : We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew... [hands meat to Monica] [Chandler and Joey enter with charcoal.]
Phoebe : So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your [provocatively] special someone?
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
Phoebe : Jeez, you say one thing, and...
Phoebe : Oh, let me see! [takes the picture]
Phoebe : Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh.... [puts picture down, sees Ross staring at her] Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
Phoebe : Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the--
Phoebe : So you do know who he is! [laughs, Ross stares at her] Sorry.
Phoebe : Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story. [Ross goes outisde on the balcony.]
Phoebe : Oh, it's Dr. Seuss!
Phoebe : Remembered what?
Phoebe : Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Phoebe : I know. This is really, really huge.
Phoebe : Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
Phoebe : Here, look, alright, does this help? [Phoebe gets up, holds the picture of Ross up to her face.]
Phoebe : Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
Phoebe : No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
Phoebe : Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
Phoebe : Maybe there's someone else.
Phoebe : Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Phoebe : Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?
Phoebe : Yes.
Phoebe : 'Cause, you know, if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
Phoebe : Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
Phoebe : All right, so what were you thinking?
Phoebe : Oh. No.
Phoebe : Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.
Phoebe : I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings. Phone rings
Phoebe : I'm still on "no".
Phoebe : What's goin' on?
Phoebe : Ewww!
Phoebe : Where?
Phoebe : Hey, hey Ross.
Phoebe : Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
Phoebe : All right. Ok, but, but you have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
Phoebe : All right. Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
Phoebe : All right, that's it, I quit.
Phoebe : Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.
Phoebe : Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
Phoebe : Demi Moore.
Phoebe : Well, he was a he in Arthur, and in Ten.
Phoebe : Oh, oh, oh my god!
Phoebe : I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Which one's Demi Moore?
Phoebe : Oh, she's got gorgeous hair.
Phoebe : It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
Phoebe : I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
Phoebe : Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, you come on in.
Phoebe : Thank you.
Phoebe : You wanna do it right now?
Phoebe : Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andy McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
Phoebe : Oh, yeah. Ok, thank you.
Phoebe : Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my god, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
Phoebe : I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.
Phoebe : Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.
Phoebe : Woof, woof.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Oh, all right. What did I have?
Phoebe : Oh, no wonder I don't feel full.
Phoebe : I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.
Phoebe : Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur.
Phoebe : Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, uh, boobs.
Phoebe : Bras! We bought bras! We bought bras.
Phoebe : Ben, dinner!
Phoebe : Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok.
Phoebe : I licked my arm, what?
Phoebe : So?
Phoebe : You won't even taste it?
Phoebe : Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?
Phoebe : Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.
Phoebe : Come on. It doesn't taste bad.
Phoebe : You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
Phoebe : Wait, wait, wait, wait!
Phoebe : You name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason.
Phoebe : I miss Janice though. "Hello, Chandler Bing."
Phoebe : Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
Phoebe : I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
Phoebe : Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?
Phoebe : Nah. Not really.
Phoebe : I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.
Phoebe : Yeah, I just don't buy it.
Phoebe : Ok, don't get me started on gravity.
Phoebe : Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed. (knock)
Phoebe : Just don't. Look at this funky shirt!
Phoebe : Really? You can actually see it?
Phoebe : See, I didn't know that.
Phoebe : Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?
Phoebe : Maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts.
Phoebe : Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.
Phoebe : What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
Phoebe : He's even kind of cute.
Phoebe : I'd call that excessive.
Phoebe : Janice? You called Janice?
Phoebe : Uh-oh. It's Scary Scientist Man.
Phoebe : Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
Phoebe : Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
Phoebe : I can't believe you caved.
Phoebe : You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
Phoebe : Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.
Phoebe : Uh huh. Why is that?
Phoebe : Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
Phoebe : You're there!
Phoebe : Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?
Phoebe : It's Ross.
Phoebe : Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
Phoebe : Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Phoebe : Let's see!
Phoebe : Wow, look at these prices.
Phoebe : Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.
Phoebe : No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.
Phoebe : I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
Phoebe : Not for you.
Phoebe : Fine. All right, fine.
Phoebe : Well, then...Let's.
Phoebe : No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Oh, it's like a skit.
Phoebe : Cool.
Phoebe : So...Thank you.
Phoebe : Actually, it makes us feel that big.
Phoebe : I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Phoebe : Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
Phoebe : Fine.
Phoebe : Ok. One.
Phoebe : We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?
Phoebe : Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
Phoebe : Oh. (Everyone goes over to comfort Monica)
Phoebe : No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.
Phoebe : No, not wieght... y'know, more like insulation.
Phoebe : Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here. [hugs Chandler but holds her hands apart behind his back] Oh, can't make.... hands... meet.... OPENING TITLES
Phoebe : Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
Phoebe : Nope. Zilch, nothin', uh-uh.
Phoebe : Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
Phoebe : No, whad'ya mean? He's not British.
Phoebe : Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
Phoebe : No, I felt it on my hip. You could tell. [Monica enters.]
Phoebe : [seeing Ross kissing Julie outside the window] Ooh, oh, Rachel, don't look.
Phoebe : So, I figured it out.
Phoebe : Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.
Phoebe : Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.
Phoebe : You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm. [they hug] [Outside the window, Monica and Chandler jog up. Monica playfully pushes him. They start puching and slapping harder and harder until Monica pushes him down. Chandler stands up, with a serious expression, and chases her away.]
Phoebe : Hey Joey.
Phoebe : How come you're watching a rabbi play electric guitar?
Phoebe : So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did.
Phoebe : And we did.
Phoebe : Yay me.
Phoebe : Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
Phoebe : He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Phoebe : Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking... I convinced him.
Phoebe : Um-hum.
Phoebe : Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
Phoebe : Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?
Phoebe : Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
Phoebe : Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make out last night?
Phoebe : Oh, well, actually.
Phoebe : Ok, all right.
Phoebe : Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night". [Ross and Rachel look at each other and then at Phoebe, realizing the song is about their situation.]
Phoebe : [singing] There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
Phoebe : It's not, it's not very Thanksgiving-y.
Phoebe : What makes it pilgrim?
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.
Phoebe : Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
Phoebe : I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : What were you thinking?
Phoebe : Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.
Phoebe : Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls. [Chandler and Joey enter.]
Phoebe : I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.
Phoebe : Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Happy Christmas Eve Eve. [sees Ross's picture frame] Oh my God, where did you get this?
Phoebe : This is my father, this is a picture of my dad.
Phoebe : No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
Phoebe : No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
Phoebe : [showing her pictures] OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
Phoebe : It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother. [turns to leave]
Phoebe : Hi Gram. Whatcha doin'?
Phoebe : Um, gram, um, can I see the pictures of my dad again?
Phoebe : Just, you know, to see... um.
Phoebe : OK, is this really my father?
Phoebe : OK, I smell smoke. Maybe that's 'cause someone's pants are on fire.
Phoebe : Ya know, in all the years that we have been grandmother and granddaughter, you have never lied to me.
Phoebe : Oh God.
Phoebe : Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
Phoebe : OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?
Phoebe : [realizes] Oh.
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information. [hangs up] [Phoebe's grandmother enters]
Phoebe : Hello grandma, if that is in fact your real name.
Phoebe : Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.
Phoebe : No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.
Phoebe : Whattaya mean?
Phoebe : Wow. Thank you.
Phoebe : Uh-huh, got it. Ooh, I'm gonna see my dad. Wish me luck, Grandpa! [blows a kiss to a picture of Einstein] Commercial
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.
Phoebe : OK, let's go.
Phoebe : Alright, here, you have to hold this. [hands Chandler a piece of paper]
Phoebe : Uh-huh, yeah, that's my cheat sheet.
Phoebe : Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it. [Chandler jumps out of the car]
Phoebe : Ooh, this is it, 74. [screeches to a halt, Joey and Chandler are thrown into the plexiglass wall in the cab]
Phoebe : Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.
Phoebe : OK, here I go. I'm goin' in.
Phoebe : OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'. [she just sits in the cab]
Phoebe : OK.
Phoebe : Mailbox.
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Phoebe : Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
Phoebe : Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : You guys. I'm sorry about your shopping.
Phoebe : Oh, I couldn't go in.
Phoebe : Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.
Phoebe : Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
Phoebe : You guuuyys.
Phoebe : Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing underwear next time. Yeah, cause when you sat down on your throne you could kind of see your... royal subject.
Phoebe : OK. [reading] The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction...
Phoebe : Are... are you OK?
Phoebe : Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better. Fun
Phoebe : Fun Bobby is so great.
Phoebe : Half full of looooovvvvve.
Phoebe : Cabin of loooooovvvvve.
Phoebe : Two.
Phoebe : Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Phoebe : Um, cake.
Phoebe : [comes back to couch, with cake] Sooo, what's goin' on, huh? Fun
Phoebe : [sad] Ooohh, why? [Chandler and Joey enter.]
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Ohh, ohh, Lorne Green?
Phoebe : Oh, no.
Phoebe : Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
Phoebe : Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.
Phoebe : But you guys came so close.
Phoebe : That is funny. Fun
Phoebe : It's not that bad.
Phoebe : OK, OK, don't get all squinky.
Phoebe : Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free. [Russ enters, walking in behind Chandler.]
Phoebe : Rachel? Um, hi.
Phoebe : OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?
Phoebe : Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?
Phoebe : [looks at Russ] Oh, yeah! No, no, no, no, oh, oh. [Phoebe turns back around but Rachel is gone. Ross enters.]
Phoebe : Oh, my, oh!
Phoebe : I, OK....
Phoebe : Bye. [Russ and Rachel leave together.]
Phoebe : You don't see it? You actually don't see it?
Phoebe : OK honey, you're dating Ross.
Phoebe : Russ is Ross. Russ... Ross!
Phoebe : OK, noone is named Sleeve.
Phoebe : What's with all the bottles of liquor?
Phoebe : So... and?
Phoebe : Hi.
Phoebe : Oh I do, it's.... it's Bob Saget. She hates him.
Phoebe : Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?
Phoebe : Oh, thanks. I couldn't uh...
Phoebe : Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today.
Phoebe : Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.
Phoebe : Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
Phoebe : I think it went into me. [Everyone takes a step back from Phoebe] [Central Perk]
Phoebe : [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
Phoebe : I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business. [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Sit up! Mrs.
Phoebe : I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
Phoebe : I don't know. Who's Soupy Sales? [at Rachel and Monica's] Mrs
Phoebe : [Mrs. Adelman's voice] In my day, divorce was not an option.
Phoebe : That's him.
Phoebe : Yes, hi, Mr. Adelman. Thanks for meeting me. Mr.
Phoebe : Um, do you wanna sit? Mr.
Phoebe : I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me. Mr.
Phoebe : Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around? Mr.
Phoebe : Everything? Mr.
Phoebe : Whoa, that's a lot of stuff. Mr.
Phoebe : I'm sorry, there's laughing in my head. Mr.
Phoebe : [enters] Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
Phoebe : Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again. [Takes Mrs. Green's chin in her hand and says, in Mrs. Adelman's voice] Oh, such a pretty face. Mrs.
Phoebe : Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out.
Phoebe : Sir! No sir!
Phoebe : [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later. [Monica pushes Ben down the aisle in a stroller. Susan is escorted by both her parents. Carol is escorted by Ross.]
Phoebe : [Mrs. Adelman's voice] Oh my god. Now I've seen everything! [Phoebe's voice] Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go. [At the reception, Monica and Ross watch Carol and Susan getting their picture taken.]
Phoebe : I miss Rose.
Phoebe : I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
Phoebe : Ok, that's so nice. [Chandler tries to warn Phoebe that the woman is coming on to her, but Phoebe doesn't see him.]
Phoebe : Yeah, me, too, technically.
Phoebe : I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.
Phoebe : Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?
Phoebe : Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now. [Everyone laughs]
Phoebe : I know, I know. [to Rob] Hello.
Phoebe : Hi Rob Dohnen.
Phoebe : Oh, wow.
Phoebe : Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
Phoebe : I know.
Phoebe : No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
Phoebe : I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
Phoebe : OK. [they kiss] OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe
Phoebe : OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK. [singing] Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...
Phoebe : [singing] There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
Phoebe : Thank you for coming everybody. There're cookies in the back.
Phoebe : Yay, I rock.
Phoebe : But.
Phoebe : I sense these things. It was either but or butter.
Phoebe : I can do that.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Thinkin' about it.
Phoebe : OK, hi again.
Phoebe : Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. [singing]Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!
Phoebe : Fired! Why?
Phoebe : I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
Phoebe : I see.
Phoebe : No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur?
Phoebe : Who's Barney.
Phoebe : OK, Rachel, I'm ready.
Phoebe : Um, yeah I guess that's me.
Phoebe : OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
Phoebe : I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme. [Ross enters]
Phoebe : Stick a fork what?
Phoebe : Oh, OK, I don't eat meat.
Phoebe : Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.
Phoebe : Oh, you just know.
Phoebe : OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first.
Phoebe : Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share...
Phoebe : OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass. [Phoebe grabs each of them by an ear] Monica and
Phoebe : Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
Phoebe : There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
Phoebe : Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place? [Monica and Rachel start yelling at the same time]
Phoebe : Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves.
Phoebe : I'm almost done with it, keep your panties on. [Joey enters]
Phoebe : [sees Marcel at the window] Oh my God.
Phoebe : You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
Phoebe : Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?
Phoebe : About 20 minutes. CLOSING CREDITS
Phoebe : Oh, some guy she met at the movies.
Phoebe : Hang in there, it's gonna happen.
Phoebe : Because she's your lobster.
Phoebe : C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . . [Monica enters from bathroom after taking a shower]
Phoebe : So, do you have any other possibilities?
Phoebe : What is that sparkly thing?
Phoebe : Do you want a refill?
Phoebe : OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right. [she sticks out her gut, clears her throat and sniffs her nose and then in her best male voice. . .] Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.
Phoebe : It's not that bad.
Phoebe : Chandler, Chandler.
Phoebe : I think she's OK.
Phoebe : Do the claws again.
Phoebe : Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Phoebe : Hey now you have two. [Chandler looks annoyed] Oh, now you have two.
Phoebe : [Standing in living room with Chandler and Joey. She pulls a huge bathing suit out of a box] Hey, Mon, what is this?
Phoebe : See, he's her lobster. CLOSING CREDITS
Phoebe : I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.
Phoebe : Hey cool, mine too.
Phoebe : OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress.
Phoebe : I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.
Phoebe : It's James Bond.
Phoebe : [entering the kitchen from the party] That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there. Dr.
Phoebe : You are so smitten.
Phoebe : Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out.
Phoebe : So. You two are totally into each other.
Phoebe : OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?
Phoebe : Didn't you like, just get your eyes checked?
Phoebe : We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs. Chandler and
Phoebe : You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.
Phoebe : You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Goodnight.
Phoebe : You're not the only one who has a date tonight.
Phoebe : Oh God, absolutely.
Phoebe : Oh you are so lucky.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion?
Phoebe : Ahh.
Phoebe : Okey-doke.
Phoebe : Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.
Phoebe : I think on my shoulder. [Ross enters]
Phoebe : Um, a chip. A tattoo, I'm getting a tattoo.
Phoebe : No, I think you should tell them.
Phoebe : OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?
Phoebe : I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh. Tattoo
Phoebe : Here we go.
Phoebe : You're not going?
Phoebe : What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said?
Phoebe : I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
Phoebe : Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
Phoebe : OK, hey, HEY. Is your boyfriend the boss of you?
Phoebe : OK, who is the boss of you?!!
Phoebe : No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
Phoebe : Oh that looks so good, oh I love it.
Phoebe : Ahh. OK, let's see yours again.
Phoebe : Oh OK. [pulls over her shirt and shows a bare shoulder] Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Phoebe : I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?
Phoebe : Wanna see mine, wanna see mine?
Phoebe : OK, well then what is this? [shows her bare shoulder]
Phoebe : OK, that's my tattoo.
Phoebe : OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
Phoebe : I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.
Phoebe : [looking at a water sculpture that looks like a window with rain running down it] Hey, excellent, excellent water-table thing.
Phoebe : Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge.
Phoebe : So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?
Phoebe : Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Phoebe : Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
Phoebe : OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.
Phoebe : I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.
Phoebe : I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album. [everyone is quiet, unsure if she's done or not]
Phoebe : I'm done now.
Phoebe : Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?
Phoebe : OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers start singing smelly, smelly, smelly, smelly behind her] Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?
Phoebe : OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.
Phoebe : OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers - smelly, smelly, smelly, really bad smelly cat, it's not your fault] OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets howsmelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
Phoebe : Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.
Phoebe : Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video. [puts the tape in] OK. [The video is a very dramatic episode with an obviously dubbed voice for Phoebe. Everyone watches in disbeliefe]
Phoebe : Oh my God.
Phoebe : I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
Phoebe : Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.
Phoebe : Yes.
Phoebe : Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
Phoebe : Well, I can't work with people who would do this.
Phoebe : I mean this poor woman.
Phoebe : The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.
Phoebe : Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those animals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
Phoebe : [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.
Phoebe : Monica.
Phoebe : Chandler.
Phoebe : Rachel.
Phoebe : No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
Phoebe : Why don't you play with your roommate?
Phoebe : Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?
Phoebe : Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?
Phoebe : Oh yeah, it'll be fun. [throws a tennis ball at Eddie's bedroom door]
Phoebe : Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.
Phoebe : Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
Phoebe : I know, yeah. Ok, talk to him. [leaves]
Phoebe : And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
Phoebe : I know.
Phoebe : Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
Phoebe : Ok.
Phoebe : Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.
Phoebe : Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.
Phoebe : Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?
Phoebe : Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Phoebe : Why would you kill his fish?
Phoebe : Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.
Phoebe : But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
Phoebe : Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?
Phoebe : Didn't it like totally speak to you?
Phoebe : Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Phoebe : Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Oh yes, no, Richard would never steal your wind.
Phoebe : No, 'cause he's yummy.
Phoebe : Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
Phoebe : Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'
Phoebe : I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.
Phoebe : Um-um, um-um.
Phoebe : Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.
Phoebe : Paul.
Phoebe : Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
Phoebe : I love you goddesses. I don't ever want to suck your wind again.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Is anyone else starting to really like him?
Phoebe : Uh, see I think the one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on "Who's The Boss?"
Phoebe : [singing] Hold me close, young Tony Danza... [Ross and Rachel stare dumbfounded at Phoebe. Then, Monica walks from her bedroom to the bathroom, looking depressed and miserable.]
Phoebe : Oh my god, has she slept at all?
Phoebe : Oh, okay, that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning. And all I could hear was like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought, "Oh. Okay. So it's like a mouse or a possum." Then I realized, like, okay, where would a mouse or a possum get the money to make the phone call?
Phoebe : Eww! It looks like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal. [Ross gets up to throw out the cereal which is now contaminated by drain hair.]
Phoebe : Maybe cause you told him not to.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, Princess Leia and the gold bikini. Every guy our age loved that.
Phoebe : Mmm hmm. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment when she stopped being a princess and she became like, you know, a woman.
Phoebe : Oh yeah... [shivers] ohhh!
Phoebe : No. It's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. [Ross enters pulling a feeble, drab Monica.]
Phoebe : Rach! Look! [Phoebe takes two cinnamon buns and puts one over each ear while Rachel is signaling her not to do it] Ooh. Hi. Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me? [laughs gaily] There he is. [Ross stands there looking upset]
Phoebe : Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close your eyes. And think of a happy place. Tell me your happy place.
Phoebe : No. No. Not a Richard thing. Just put down the glass, and get out.
Phoebe : Well, okay, fine. Use my happy place, okay. I'm just gonna have to ask that you don't move anything.
Phoebe : Alright. So, you're in a meadow. Millions of stars in the sky.
Phoebe : Okay, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just the warm breeze and the moonlight flowing through the tree.
Phoebe : Betting and wagering of any kind are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just the lovely waterfalls, and the trickling fountains, and the calming sounds of the babbling brook...
Phoebe : Monica, do you want us to take you home?
Phoebe : Hello.
Phoebe : Thank you. I know, though.
Phoebe : Ooh, well you're my lucky penny. [Chandler walks out from the bathroom holding an issue of Cosmopolitan.]
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Alright, already.
Phoebe : We could not, would not, want to wait.
Phoebe : I don't know. You might be the first one.
Phoebe : Oh my god!!! You...rotten boys!!! Chandler &
Phoebe : What am I gonna do?
Phoebe : Monica! Monica! You know, what gets out hummus?
Phoebe : Okay, thanks. Yeah, I'll try that.
Phoebe : Oh, this. I got the hummus.
Phoebe : It won't go with this dress though.
Phoebe : How could it not be breezy? You know, cause you're in such a breezy place.
Phoebe : Monica, you don't know that.
Phoebe : [coming in with a sundress draped over her regular dress] Oh, Rach. Good, listen, isn't this perfect for me?
Phoebe : Oh, of course not for tonight.
Phoebe : Okay, I'm ready. [Phoebe comes out, but covering the hummus stain is a giant Christmas decoration with red ribbons, and garland, and all that. It's pretty large. The guys both start gasping and gapping when they see it.]
Phoebe : Rachel didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, "alright, fine, I'll be political."
Phoebe : Duh. Christmas.
Phoebe : Okay. The black. Oh, but do you have black with little strappies?
Phoebe : I'll get it. Okay. [picks up phone] Hi. Monica and Rachel's. [pause] Yeah. Just a second. Can I ask who's calling? [pause] Oh. [places hand over mouthpiece] Ooh. It's Michelle. Ooh. She must have that Caller ID thing? You should get that.
Phoebe : Okay, we're on it. We're on it. [Phoebe and Chandler jump up and run into Monica's bedroom. Door closes. Rachel comes out of her bedroom. She's wearing a pair of pants and a sweatshirt, obviously not dressed to go out. She also has a box with her. She walks over to the kitchen table and sits down.]
Phoebe : [yelling from back bedroom] Get away from that phone! [screams] [Phoebe walks out into the living room, holding phone and cord.]
Phoebe : [in calm voice] She's just getting dressed.
Phoebe : Eww. Let me get you another glass. This one's been sitting out.
Phoebe : Ross went to get a cab, so we could all...what are you doing? No, Monica, no! [Monica is at the phone in the living room, dialing.] Richard (on
Phoebe : How did you do that?
Phoebe : I think after this, he'll be doing that himself. [they both leave]
Phoebe : Ewww! Oh! It's the Mattress King!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Yeah, I can't say croissant. (realises) Oh my God!
Phoebe : Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
Phoebe : (sees a little kid playing with a race car bed) (to kid) Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store. (the kid just stares at her, and she makes the 'that went right over your head' motion) Woo!
Phoebe : Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend... (hops onto the bed) Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends. [Classroom. Joey is writing his name on the board, but turns around before he's done which causes him to write his name with a downward curve, and he then underlines it, and draws the line right through his name.]
Phoebe : Hey! Ooh! How was teaching last night?
Phoebe : Ooooh, nice.
Phoebe : Oh, yay!
Phoebe : Oh. (goes and answers the door and there is this huge black delievery guy.)
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Oh, do I have a middle name. All right Monica Velula Geller. It's that bedroom there. (points to Monica's room)
Phoebe : Yeah, so please, please, please, don't say anything to Chandler.
Phoebe : Is that a problem?
Phoebe : Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on. (they start shadow boxing)
Phoebe : Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren't acting Christian enough.
Phoebe : Oh! Oh! Oh!
Phoebe : Wow! And I'm a vegetarian! All right, all right, well I'm sorry, we'll put some ice on it.
Phoebe : 'Kay, put your head back.
Phoebe : All right, I have ya. Oh God.
Phoebe : Oh, it's the compulsively neat one by the window, okay.
Phoebe : I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
Phoebe : I am soo dead. (goes to Monica's room)
Phoebe : Isn't it cool! Varoom! Varoom!
Phoebe : I know, you must've won like a contest or something! (Phoebe starts to make a sound like a car accelerating)
Phoebe : I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...
Phoebe : When I was you! Y'know what, it's all Joey's fault, 'cause he left his nose open!
Phoebe : It's Monica's bed. What?
Phoebe : So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
Phoebe : Well, if you really, really want it, then it's okay. [Monica and Rachel's, Rachel is greeting her Father for their brunch.]
Phoebe : "Yes! You mean the world the world to me. Oh."
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Hey, why are you mopping your ceiling?
Phoebe : Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.
Phoebe : The mailman was downstairs, so I brought up your mail.
Phoebe : Now what is Fabutec?
Phoebe : Waxine!!
Phoebe : Oh, it's incredible! I so want to be a Waxine girl.
Phoebe : God. Do think it really doesn't hurt? 'Cause how can they do that?
Phoebe : They have the best stuff in there. [Chandler and Joey's, Ross has told Chandler and Joey his terrible act.]
Phoebe : (reading from the instructions) After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
Phoebe : Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
Phoebe : Was it not pain-free?
Phoebe : Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.
Phoebe : (Removing one of the strips) Ow-ow-ow-ow! Oh my God!!!
Phoebe : Oh!!
Phoebe : Ow!!! Monica and
Phoebe : Ow!!!!!!! Ow-ow-ow-ow! (Hearing the screaming Chandler and Joey rush in. Joey has a pan, Chandler has a tea kettle.)
Phoebe : We're all right.
Phoebe : We're all right.
Phoebe : For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, come here. (Puts a little wax on Joey's arm and puts a strip on it.)
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : (to Joey) What, what are they talking about?
Phoebe : Whe-where did he put it?! [Cut to Living Room]
Phoebe : Oh, I knew something had to be wrong, because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday.
Phoebe : Should we do something?
Phoebe : Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my
Phoebe : We could eat the wax! It's organic.
Phoebe : No, not the used wax.
Phoebe : They're gonna get through this, aren't they?
Phoebe : Yeah, y'know, people can be so self-involved. [Cut to Living Room]
Phoebe : They've been quiet for a long time.
Phoebe : Ehh? [cut to Monica opening the door of the beach house, with Chandler trying to pick her up for a date.]
Phoebe : I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off! Phoebe
Phoebe : How close? Phoebe
Phoebe : I don?t even know how that would work! Phoebe
Phoebe : (interrupting) I?m not asking! Phoebe
Phoebe : Yeah. Let?s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand. Phoebe
Phoebe : Yeah, well, everybody does! I?m a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn?t even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I?m just, I?m gonna do the same thing to you. Phoebe
Phoebe : I don?t ever want to see you again! (She walks out and slams the door.)
Phoebe : (walking back in with her hand over her eyes.) Umm, where?s my purse?
Phoebe : Well, umm, my Mom?s friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom. (The gang is shocked.)
Phoebe : Oh, my new Mom, who-who?s a big, fat abandoner! (starts to go upstairs)
Phoebe : No. I?m just, I wanna, I need to be alone. (She starts to go upstairs.)
Phoebe : (turning around, insistently) Monica!
Phoebe : Well, I?m ready to get the hell out of here! (Sees Ross and Rachel cuddling on the couch.) Oh. Are you? Are you?!! (they nod ?Yes.?) Ohh! That?s so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. (they nod ?No.?) But for you, yay! Ohh. (The rest of the gang arrives with their heads down in shame.)
Phoebe : Okay, I?m gonna put this (her suitcase) in the car.
Phoebe : (to the person that answered the door) Hi, Ursula.
Phoebe : Okay, well umm, I know that we haven?t talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.
Phoebe : (shocked) You know her?!
Phoebe : There-there was a suicide note?! (Ursula nods ?Yes.?) Well, do you still have it?
Phoebe : I can?t believe you didn?t tell me there was a suicide note!
Phoebe : I, umm, shut up! (Ursula opens the door and hands her the note.)
Phoebe : (reading from the note) ?Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I?ll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk.? You just wrote this!
Phoebe : Noooo!!
Phoebe : No. I?m-I?m to depressed to talk.
Phoebe : (singing) ?...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.? (applause) Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom. (Sees that Phoebe Sr. has entered, and to her) Except for you. You go away. Phoebe
Phoebe : Okay, bye. Phoebe
Phoebe : No. Phoebe
Phoebe : But, it?s not like we?re losing anything. Y'know? Phoebe
Phoebe : It?s not like we-we know each other or anything. Or that have anything in common. Phoebe
Phoebe : I-I like pizza! Phoebe
Phoebe : Oh my God, so do I! Phoebe
Phoebe : Wait-wait-wait, wait! Puppies. Cute or ugly? Phoebe
Phoebe : Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I?m-I?m mad at you. Phoebe
Phoebe : Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I?m kinda hungry. Phoebe
Phoebe : All right, stop it. Now you?re just doing it to freak me out.
Phoebe : (screaming, angrily) ...DUMB, DRUNKEN, BITCH!!! (applause) (happily) Thank you, thanks.
Phoebe : Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?
Phoebe : Yeah, I actually don?t know...
Phoebe : Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you! (goes over and picks up the cat) Come on. Crazy. (looks into the cat?s eyes) Oh my God.
Phoebe : Nothing. Nothing.
Phoebe : I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
Phoebe : No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
Phoebe : No Dr. Skeptismo! I?m sure. First of all, okay, there?s the feeling. (Chandler shrugs) Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. (Rachel nods her head in unsure agreement) My Mother?s favourite fish is Orange Roughy... (Joey thinks he understands, but then nods that he has no clue.) Cats....like....fish! (Ross and Rachel are totally lost) (to the cat) Hi, Mommy. (Rachel covers her mouth, in an ?Oh my God.? gesture) Oh, I haven?t seen this smile in 17 years!
Phoebe : (is struggling with the cat) Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
Phoebe : Well, I?m not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there?s y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she?s worried that y'know, she?s gonna, she?s gonna be replaced. (to the cat, in a funny voice) Well, that?s not gonna happen is it? Noo. (gets up) Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
Phoebe : Well, I?m returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word. (goes into Monica?s room)
Phoebe : (entering, with Julio) Hi. (sits down in the chair)
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.
Phoebe : I just feel so, uhh.....
Phoebe : Oh yeah, your microwave. The stereo.
Phoebe : Yeah? (sees Ross) Hi!
Phoebe : Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right? Chandler, Monica, Joey, and
Phoebe : (she turns around and puts the cat on the entertainment center) Ross, how many parents have you lost?
Phoebe : Okay, then you don?t know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I?m wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : I think she would like that.
Phoebe : Thank you. We both forgive you.
Phoebe : Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you?re welcome to come back anytime.
Phoebe : Come on, Mom, I?ll take you home.
Phoebe : How come?
Phoebe : Okay, I didn?t hear that.
Phoebe : Wow! And hey, it?s cool if you?re a lesbian! (Gives her a thumbs up)
Phoebe : That?s weird.
Phoebe : Your nails.
Phoebe : Oh, no, I meant that it?s weird that you only have nine now.
Phoebe : Okay, don?t panic. I?m gonna go to the store, I?m gonna get you another set of nails, no one?s gonna know, and you?re gonna look great. (She runs over to get her coat.) Oh! Oh, it?s ?cause they?re gonna eat?that?s the problem. Mrs.
Phoebe : And! Whoever finds it wins the prize! Mrs.
Phoebe : I don?t get it. Mrs.
Phoebe : Op, the ruined quiches are ready.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : This used to be your room? (She nods ?Yes?) Wow! You must?ve been in really good shape as a kid.
Phoebe : Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.
Phoebe : No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we?ll call that pulling a Monica.
Phoebe : Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A?s, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one?s outta here." Though some things don?t change.
Phoebe : Wow! My breasts are really strong. (She goes and joins Monica.)
Phoebe : They?re not even touching the lasagna!
Phoebe : Oh, they love your casserole.
Phoebe : It?s hard to believe that just a little while ago this was nothing but ingredients. Mrs.
Phoebe : Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica. (They both look at her) (to Monica) She doesn?t know we switched it. (Monica nods her head ?No.?) Mrs.
Phoebe : Oh. (She motions for them to come closer, they lean in and she whispers what Rachel told her. The guys both lean back laughing.]
Phoebe : Oh God, Korea is such a beautiful country.
Phoebe : Hey! New wallet, huh?
Phoebe : Oh please, somebody tell me I don?t have to go to work today!
Phoebe : Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I?m not allowed to charge for.
Phoebe : Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it?s against my oath as a masseuse.
Phoebe : No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one?s actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
Phoebe : No, I can handle it. No, I?m a professional. (She starts to leave)
Phoebe : I don?t what your talking about. (Laughs nervously and continues to leaqve)
Phoebe : Because it?s Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone! [Cut to later, Joey is returning from talking to Mr. Treeger.]
Phoebe : These old things.
Phoebe : You mean the?Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
Phoebe : Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y?know, real (lifts up the towel) nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
Phoebe : Oh. (She goes to work, and her head slowly drops out of view.)
Phoebe : No!
Phoebe : (entering) Hey.
Phoebe : Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.
Phoebe : On the touchy.
Phoebe : No, I know! I-I?m sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
Phoebe : (thinking to herself) Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little? Oh no?wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick?s pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that?s working. (The camera zooms in on the clock on the wall and it reads a quarter after one. Time lapse. The clock now reads
Phoebe : (thinking to herself) Chandler?s knees. Chandler?s? ankles. Chandler?s ankle hair. (notices the clock) Oh no. (to Rick) Okay, you?re all set.
Phoebe : Yeah! In? really long hour world.
Phoebe : Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you?re a client, I can?t ask you out, even though you give me y?know, the feeling.
Phoebe : Really?!
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : (laughs) Okay, quit down. (they start to kiss again) (Suddenly, Phoebe?s boss, Mrs. Potter, and a client, Mr. Simon, enters.) Mrs.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn?t what it looks like, ?cause Rick is my ahh, husband. Mrs.
Phoebe : Yes, I will tell her.
Phoebe : Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
Phoebe : It?s so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
Phoebe : I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y?know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It?s been a really bad day, whore wise. (There?s a knock on the door and Chandler answers it.) Mr.
Phoebe : Yeah, they thought I was a whore.
Phoebe : Thank you. OPENING CREDITS
Phoebe : (entering) Oh.
Phoebe : (in a nasally voice, from her cold) But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes. (She puts her shoe on the table, and it's horribly decorated) Pretty, huh? (Sneezes)
Phoebe : Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. (Starts to sing) Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? (Stops singing) This chick sounds good. (Singing) Smelly cat, smelly--(stops singing) Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Phoebe : (singing, drunk) My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.
Phoebe : It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. (Coughs really loudly.)
Phoebe : Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.
Phoebe : Yes, you do. Chandler loves Kathy.
Phoebe : So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Phoebe : Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Hi.
Phoebe : Wow, cute one!
Phoebe : Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey, (clears her voice and in her normal voice) you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh, (tries to sing) My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
Phoebe : Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
Phoebe : You mean you stole it! (Monica sneezes again) Don't cover your mouth when you do that! (Joey and Kathy enter, laughing)
Phoebe : (entering) Hi! It's me. And soup. (to Rachel) Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.
Phoebe : (to Monica) Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.
Phoebe : (picking up Monica's used Kleenex and putting some in her pocket.) Sure.
Phoebe : But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.
Phoebe : It's okay. How's the soup?
Phoebe : (singing) Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats. (to Gunther) Does it even work without my sexy voice?
Phoebe : Gunther, kiss me.
Phoebe : (singing) And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man. Thank you my babies. (applause)
Phoebe : Hey what are you guys looking at?
Phoebe : Yeah, come to papa. [Cheryl walks away and Ross walks inside. Everyone stares at him in disbelief.]
Phoebe : Oo! Is it for my birthday present?
Phoebe : Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?
Phoebe : 'Kay.
Phoebe : Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"
Phoebe : It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!
Phoebe : Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... (Monica looks almost puzzled) ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
Phoebe : There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!
Phoebe : Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.
Phoebe : Yes, but I'm doing this.
Phoebe : Ooo, a crossword! Can I help?
Phoebe : Fine. But you can't help me develop my new universal language. [Monica enters]
Phoebe : Mon! I'm so happy for you!
Phoebe : I'll have one, please. Plus my money.
Phoebe : Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.
Phoebe : Yes. Did you settle the bill?
Phoebe : Oh, look what we almost left. (Picks up a coffee maker)
Phoebe : Oh, all right. Oh! Look what we almost took! [cut to the living room of the same dwelling, where the funeral guests are mingling. Monica enters.]
Phoebe : But Mon, you have to get our money!
Phoebe : I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?
Phoebe : Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
Phoebe : Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.
Phoebe : She seems fine now. Mrs.
Phoebe : You didn't get the money, did you?
Phoebe : No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough! (Phoebe goes into the living room.) Hey, widow? Mrs.
Phoebe : Okay, Widow! Mrs.
Phoebe : Excuse me. Excuse me! (Mrs. Bukart stops singing) Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go. Mrs.
Phoebe : Good. (Phoebe and Mrs. Burkart go into the other room, leaving Monica with everyone staring at her.)
Phoebe : Uh... yay!
Phoebe : Yeah. I'm a hard ass.
Phoebe : Yeah. Hard Ass and Wuss. We could fight crime!
Phoebe : Okay!
Phoebe : Yeah. Oh! It'll be like I have a wife in the fifties!
Phoebe : Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
Phoebe : (singing) "Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease?" Darn it! Now, I don?t know who to get to the next verse.
Phoebe : Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about ?bah-bah-bha-bhan??
Phoebe : Oh yeah, that?s right, the keyboards, huh?
Phoebe : I wanna hear "The Sound."
Phoebe : Come on, play that funky music white boy.
Phoebe : Wow, it was so?wow!
Phoebe : What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it?s just, it?s so different from the stuff you usually hear.
Phoebe : (pushing Monica back onto the couch) It?s so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go! [cut back to Ross who finally finishes his so-called song with the same crash from before. He gets some applause, mainly ?cause he?s done.]
Phoebe : Oh no, I?m not playing tonight.
Phoebe : I can?t follow Ross! It?d be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.
Phoebe : Oh my God, he?s not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time! (Rachel and Monica look at each other, and agree on something without saying anything.)
Phoebe : You guys. You suck too. (She hugs them both.)
Phoebe : Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!
Phoebe : Well, kinda. Yeah. Yeah.
Phoebe : Yeah, I-I can?t?I mean y?know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just?I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I?
Phoebe : Oh no. No-no-no, don?t do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Phoebe : Does Joey know?
Phoebe : I think maybe, yeah.
Phoebe : Yeah! No, that?s right. And I thought it was a really good idea.
Phoebe : Oh my God, he?s lost it. He?s totally lost it.
Phoebe : After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help. (Phoebe gets up and goes to play, Ross goes over and sits down next to Monica and Rachel.)
Phoebe : Look everyone, it?s the spirit of Thanksgiving!
Phoebe : Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there?s the added mystery of who gets who.
Phoebe : I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
Phoebe : Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it?s like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let?s trade!
Phoebe : Ohh.
Phoebe : You don?t have to do that, Ross and Joey aren?t here, you can watch the parade if you want.
Phoebe : God, what happened?!
Phoebe : Open it up, let me see.
Phoebe : Ooh, God it looks bad.
Phoebe : Honey, you?ve got to go. What?s his office number?
Phoebe : (on phone) Hi! Yeah, I?m calling on behalf of Monica Geller?s eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today. (Listens) (to Monica) He?s out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
Phoebe : Yes! She?s very excited about that. [Cut to later, Phoebe is adding butter to something and Ross is watching.]
Phoebe : This is so cool, ?til Monica gets back, it?s like I?m head chef and I get to make all the decisions. (She looks at the remaining butter, and then decides to add it to the dish.)
Phoebe : Okay, get out of my kitchen!
Phoebe : All right I? I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
Phoebe : Yeah, I can see where I?d be your best shot but, no. I?m sorry, but I think it?s twisted.
Phoebe : Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That?s not how your dad used to do it."
Phoebe : Oh, I?ll get it. (goes over to the door.)
Phoebe : Oh, he-he can?t talk right now.
Phoebe : He?s just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
Phoebe : They were threefold.
Phoebe : Oh, she sees him! Oh, they?re hugging!
Phoebe : Oh, there they are! (They watch them making up and sigh)
Phoebe : Okay!
Phoebe : Okayyyyy, open up! (They open their eyes and are stunned at the van.)
Phoebe : Yeah, it?s for our catering business!
Phoebe : No, we?re gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.
Phoebe : And also, we don?t know what to do with this. (She turns on a switch and the girl?s nipples light up.)
Phoebe : Oh sure, Cilantro Larry.
Phoebe : How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Phoebe : Oh, in that case?(hops up and down in joy)?Yay! (Monica looks confused) That was me hopping on board.
Phoebe : Wow! Okay, dude alert! And who is this guy?
Phoebe : Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
Phoebe : Oh, okay! (reading) "Would I go back to Allesandro?s? Sure, but I?d have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." (to Monica) Wow! You really laid into this place.
Phoebe : Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.
Phoebe : No-no, it?s okay. But are we sure we don?t want the waterbed?
Phoebe : Yeah, all right. (starts to leave)
Phoebe : Bye! (The intercom buzzes.)
Phoebe : (on intercom) Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.
Phoebe : Hey, Monica! Commercial Break
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : I don?t know, it would totally depend on her coloring and? (realizes) You got the job!!
Phoebe : Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
Phoebe : But we?ve only had one job.
Phoebe : Yeah! What are you saying?
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : You?re the cook! With out you it?s just me driving up to people?s houses with empty trays and asking for money!
Phoebe : For what? I can?t believe this! I gotta get out of here. (leaves)
Phoebe : Okay, I?m hearing.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : I wa-I wa-I wa?
Phoebe : Monica!
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : Really?! Are you sure?
Phoebe : Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let?s plan the wedding reception. (She grabs the notebook which Monica used for her ideas and starts flipping page after page after page after page after page to find a blank one.) Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van. (pause) Y?know what, I want you to take the chef job.
Phoebe : Yeah. That?s what you really want. Yeah, I don?t want to be the reason you?re unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don?t want to be the reason I?m unhappy.
Phoebe : Besides, it might be kinda fun to form the new A-Team.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Joey stuffing 15 Oreos in his mouth. (Joey, with an obvious mouth full, nods yes.)
Phoebe : Where were you?
Phoebe : Oh, which museum?
Phoebe : (just Phoebe) No, answer his.
Phoebe : Umm, that paper?s two weeks old.
Phoebe : What?s wrong Mon?
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Hey, maybe they meant to write, ?Quiet, bitch.?
Phoebe : Hey! You guys, I?m writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it? Monica, Rachel, and
Phoebe : (singing) Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!
Phoebe : Oh, yay!
Phoebe : I know but it?s so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
Phoebe : All good, thanks. (to Rachel) Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that?s easier to rhyme?
Phoebe : Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?
Phoebe : (shocked) You work with robots!!
Phoebe : No! No, the robots just work for them.
Phoebe : If she?s no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Phoebe : Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
Phoebe : (singing) Happy, happy Chanukah, Chandler and Monica. Very merry?
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : So! Ross doesn?t really decorate his tree with floss, but you don?t hear him complaining do you? God! (Phoebe hits her guitar which wakes up Ross with a start.)
Phoebe : So, did you pick one yet?
Phoebe : Well look, you don?t really like the one from uptown and you?re too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you?re done!
Phoebe : Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
Phoebe : There?s sooo much you don?t know.
Phoebe : Oh my God! I can?t believe my little brother is married!
Phoebe : You guys, why didn?t you tell me you were eloping?
Phoebe : Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?
Phoebe : Wow, a year and a half ago I didn?t even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too. (They all hug, and Frank and Alice start kissing.) Okay. Okay. Stop it, don?t. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
Phoebe : (shocked) That?s a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat. Opening Credits
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!!
Phoebe : Guess what. Frank Jr., and Alice got married!
Phoebe : And! And, they?re gonna have a baby! (The gang is shocked.) And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus. (The gang is stunned into silence.)
Phoebe : Yeah
Phoebe : Ewww! And "Oh no!" It?s?they just want me to be the surrogate. It?s her-it?s her egg and her sperm, and I?m-I?m just the oven, it?s totally their bun.
Phoebe : Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I?m gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Phoebe : I know!
Phoebe : Yeah, what?s your point?
Phoebe : Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
Phoebe : My mom never gave birth. Oh! But my birth mom did.
Phoebe : Hi! Phoebe
Phoebe : I?m sorry, I?m late. Phoebe
Phoebe : Wow! You really go all out when you?re expecting company. Phoebe
Phoebe : Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didn?t know that you did?pot. Phoebe
Phoebe : Ooh, erotiery! Phoebe
Phoebe : Okay. Phoebe
Phoebe : Why not? Phoebe
Phoebe : Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don?t-don?t hurt the puppy. Phoebe
Phoebe : Oh, I get a puppy!! Phoebe
Phoebe : Why? Phoebe
Phoebe : Okay. Phoebe
Phoebe : All right, I?m sorry.
Phoebe : Ooh, y?know what, I think it?s time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let?s go to the balcony.
Phoebe : Umm, the street. Come on, let?s go to the street. Ooh, listen, don?t go onto the balcony until after I get back. (Leaves)
Phoebe : My mom?s gonna be here any minute. I can?t do this, I can?t give him up. Yes?no, I can. I don?t want to. But I can. No.
Phoebe : Ooh, I can?t do this. My mom was right. If I can?t-if I can?t give him up, then there?s no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give ?em?a kidney!
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Oh! Ooh! Umm!
Phoebe : Hey, why don?t you?
Phoebe : Uh-huh, yeah!
Phoebe : No, I?m really okay with this. Y?know why? ?Cause look at them, and I made that, so? I know it?s gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it?s gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this. (To Frank and Alice) I wanna carry your baby.
Phoebe : Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I?m gonna carry their baby. Phoebe
Phoebe : No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this. Phoebe
Phoebe : Oh! Closing Credits
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn?t be living in an apartment.
Phoebe : All right. I?m gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I?m ready to have Frank and Alice?s embryo transferred into my uterus.
Phoebe : Oh, they?re just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
Phoebe : Okay everyone, think thick.
Phoebe : Hi! Wish me luck!
Phoebe : Oh! I knew it! I knew it! I felt really thick this morning.
Phoebe : Embryossss? As in, "More than one?" Dr.
Phoebe : Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs? Dr.
Phoebe : That?s it! 25 percent? That means that?s it?s like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
Phoebe : Okay, well y?know what, don?t worry you guys, ?cause I?m-I?m gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Phoebe : Whoa!! That?okay, that?s a lot of pressure on me and my uterus. (to Dr. Zane) So, well okay, so is there?is maybe is there something that I can do y?know just to like help make sure I get pregnant? Dr.
Phoebe : Wow! You guys really don?t know anything!
Phoebe : Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I?m-I?m Phoebe Buffay, hi! I?m-I?m-I?m hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we?re doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you?ve been there! Umm, y?know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I?ll keep you safe and warm until you?re ready to have them take you home, so? Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I?m screaming, don?t worry, that?s what?s supposed to happen. Dr.
Phoebe : Uh-huh. (To the embryos) Good luck.
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Umm, yeah, uh-huh, they?re implanted.
Phoebe : Well, freaked. ?Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice?s like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
Phoebe : All right, I?m gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Phoebe : Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body?s always been a little faster than Western medicine.
Phoebe : Nope, not knocked up yet.
Phoebe : Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I?m gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I?m just gonna y?know, lie it your chair, (She climbs into the chair and drapes her feet over the back of the chair.) Y'know? Yeah, good, I?m let gravity y?know, do its jobs. [Cut too later, the moving process is progressing steadily. Monica is trying to lift a heavy box, as Rachel comes in from Chandler?s bedroom.]
Phoebe : (singing) "Are you in there little fetus? In nine will you come great us? I will buy you some Adidas." (There?s a knock on the door and Monica answers it.)
Phoebe : Oh. Oh.
Phoebe : All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y?know just remember that it?s still really early, okay so, if it says that I?m not pregnant, that doesn?t mean that I?m not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don?t go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
Phoebe : Great. (Goes to take the test.) (The door opens and Joey and Chandler ride in on the big, fake dog in triumph)
Phoebe : You guys! You guys! You?re gonna have a baby! They?re gonna have a baby!
Phoebe : Okay, but this can?t be good for the baby.
Phoebe : Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?
Phoebe : Well, it?s just that maternity clothes are so expensive. (Rachel enters)
Phoebe : Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
Phoebe : That sounds great!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Ooh! How was Kathy?s play?
Phoebe : That?s a good idea for a business!
Phoebe : Hey, Mel Gibson and Clint Eastwood.
Phoebe : Oh-okay, I get the game now.
Phoebe : Oh. (Joey flips the pancake and Phoebe catches it and throws it on her plate.)
Phoebe : Rachel has a new doll.
Phoebe : Ooh, what do I smell?
Phoebe : Ooh! (They all go over to her apartment)
Phoebe : What? What?
Phoebe : (getting up) Well, I hate to eat and run, but?
Phoebe : Yeah, I don?t need it.
Phoebe : Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Phoebe : If you wanted to punish them, you should?ve just made them hang out here!
Phoebe : Oh, are we gonna trash that place? (Chandler comes back, obviously drunk, and trips over the steps.)
Phoebe : Wait a minute.
Phoebe : Why don?t you ask him out?
Phoebe : He just got a divorce right?
Phoebe : So he?s probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
Phoebe : (shocked) You?ve never asked a guy out?!!
Phoebe : Thousands of times!! That doesn?t make me sound too good does it?
Phoebe : Oh, please!
Phoebe : I?ve never done that.
Phoebe : No, sorry.
Phoebe : Great!
Phoebe : Oh did you?what did you?did you work for two days straight?
Phoebe : Oh good!
Phoebe : How? How is your fault?
Phoebe : Ohhh, wow. ?
Phoebe : What?! I thought you were crazy about her! ?
Phoebe : Yep! ?
Phoebe : Oh my God, that's so freaky! Turn him off!! ? Appartement de Joey et Chandler. Ross, Joey et Rachel regardent un match de rugby ? la tele lorsque Phoebe arrive. ?
Phoebe : Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining. ?
Phoebe : (whispering to Ross) Janice. ?
Phoebe : Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller. ?
Phoebe : Well, why are you doing this anyway? ?
Phoebe : You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny. (Realises) Ohh! I see how you did that. All right. ?
Phoebe : (to the player) Hi. ? (The player stands up and smiles. Showing that he has no front teeth.) ?
Phoebe : Whoa! (The player leaves and to Joey) I kinda liked it. ? (The referee blows the whistle and the players gather to start the game.) ?
Phoebe : No offence but, y'know sometimes it's hard to understand you, y'know with the accent, so... ? (The whistle blows.) ?
Phoebe : Oh, poor baby. ?
Phoebe : She's right! You have to stop! ?
Phoebe : Now, are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor? ?
Phoebe : Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice! (They go and get the coffee and the ice leaving Ross and Emily alone.) ?
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : (not amused) Ha-ha. (She sits down on the couch.) No, it?s just I?m so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn?t fit anymore. So I thought 'til I?m not, I?m just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
Phoebe : Listen. Listen. (She starts to play and sing.) Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?
Phoebe : I know! I know, and I?ve only been playing for like an hour!
Phoebe : Hey! What are you doing here?
Phoebe : Oh, well, don?t tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.
Phoebe : Wow! That?s so great! Oh! Oh! Cougar.
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book (Holds up a book) and found nothing! I want a name that?s really like, y?know strong and confident, y?know? Like-like Exxon.
Phoebe : No, I?m-I?m not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
Phoebe : Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names. (They both stare at her.) But, all right, I don?t-maybe I?ll just name him The Hulk.
Phoebe : God, Susan is so fun!
Phoebe : Yeah, I definitely. I don?t like the name Ross.
Phoebe : No! No! I-I meant for the baby!
Phoebe : Well, it?s just y?know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y?know...
Phoebe : So, I decided I?m definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
Phoebe : Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it?s like y?know, Chanoey?
Phoebe : All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?
Phoebe : Umm, Gene.
Phoebe : Bye, Gene.
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Phoebe : Wow, Carol really messed you up!
Phoebe : Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. (They all look at her.) All right, so I don?t know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
Phoebe : All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then ?94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
Phoebe : Yeah. The ?92 Ross wouldn?t.
Phoebe : Drum roll.
Phoebe : You?re actually going through with this?
Phoebe : You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes, (To Joey) I?m, I?m sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I?m-I?m, I?m gonna, I?m gonna name the baby Chandler.
Phoebe : Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!
Phoebe : Okay!
Phoebe : Yeah! (They both hug.)
Phoebe : Yay!
Phoebe : Yay-oh-yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!
Phoebe : Ooh, uh... (She grabs her coat and runs out.)
Phoebe : Okay, bye! (She exits, and after the door is closed, Chandler turns to Joey and...)
Phoebe : (entering, wearing Santa pants) Hello!
Phoebe : Excuse me.
Phoebe : Oh, yeah! You like 'em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Nuh-uh! They?re maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names. (Pulls out a sheet of paper which lists who?s been naughty and who?s been nice.) See, these names are good, and these names are bad. (Finally, she figures it out.) Ohh.
Phoebe : I don?t know! How are the-the-the-the, y?know-You?re clothes aren?t funny.
Phoebe : Boy! I didn?t see that coming!
Phoebe : That?s too hard. Too hard!
Phoebe : Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?
Phoebe : Or you could end up with everything.
Phoebe : Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
Phoebe : Okay. Umm, ooh, ooh-oh, I have a game!
Phoebe : This is great!
Phoebe : Oh, well, it doesn?t have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn?t have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Phoebe : Good! Good! Five points! (They both rejoice; Chandler is totally confused.)
Phoebe : All right, Joey, same question. (He looks to Chandler, who doesn?t have a clue.)
Phoebe : Ooh, three points. Both fine answers, but we were looking for leafy, leafy. (Joey turns and is angry that Chandler didn?t come up with the answer.)
Phoebe : Oh, I have cards!
Phoebe : Yeah! Here! (She grabs a deck out of her purse) Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
Phoebe : What make you think I can?! (Shields her eyes from it.)
Phoebe : I don?t know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it! (She fans out the trick deck.) Ah-ha!
Phoebe : (opening the door) I had nothing to do with it. (Closes the door.) (Opens the door.) Okay, it was my idea, but I don?t feel good about it. (She goes to close the door, but Chandler puts his foot it in.)
Phoebe : That?s so funny to think if you?d just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
Phoebe : Okay, scarf?s done. (It?s not really a scarf, it?s just a bunch of yarn that Phoebe has tied together. Just then, Ross and Emily enter dragging with them Joey and Chandler.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : What? Oh, are you pregnant too?!
Phoebe : Hey! (Joey starts humming Here Come the Bride.)
Phoebe : Oh, the Olympics.
Phoebe : I still cannot believe you?re engaged! (Ross looks at her) Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you?re such a loser.
Phoebe : Already?!
Phoebe : Yeah, but y?know, about have of these are gonna end up getting divorced. The
Phoebe : You?re the most beautiful bride I?ve ever seen.
Phoebe : No-no, let me in!
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : No, you have to let me in right now!!
Phoebe : Yes!
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : (catching it) I got it! Mine! (They both hug)
Phoebe : Thank you!
Phoebe : Okay! (Gets into position) Okay, ready?
Phoebe : Okay. (Phoebe turns and throws it on the couch.)
Phoebe : I?m not gonna right to you! That?s not real!
Phoebe : Yeah, I think we are.
Phoebe : Well, at least you didn?t rent yours from a store called, "It?s Not Too Late."
Phoebe : Me too.
Phoebe : Me too.
Phoebe : Okay. (She throws it straight, and Monica makes a big deal about catching it.)
Phoebe : Yay!
Phoebe : I hate my regular clothes now! Y?know? I look down and-and I know that this isn?t gonna be the most special day of my life.
Phoebe : I guess. (Monica crosses her legs and is still wearing the garter belt.)
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Phoebe : Oh, you?re such a cheater!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, how?d that happen?
Phoebe : What is that?
Phoebe : Oh, how did it go?
Phoebe : What did he say?
Phoebe : Yeah, maybe.
Phoebe : Any luck?
Phoebe : (looks at Monica) Hey, y?know what might cheer you up?
Phoebe : No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!
Phoebe : Not after this!
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : What-what?s up?
Phoebe : Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y?know you can die. And, you would die!
Phoebe : So you guys?ll stay here and hang out with me?
Phoebe : [singing] I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find... [The next clip is from The One With The East German Laundry Detergent.]
Phoebe : Oooh look! Isn?t this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!
Phoebe : Hey! Hey, did you get your invitation to Ross?s wedding?
Phoebe : I?m so jealous you?re all going! I can?t believe I never knew that you can?t fly in your third trimester!
Phoebe : Remembered what?
Phoebe : Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Phoebe : See, he's her lobster. [Cut back to the present, Rachel has made her decision.]
Phoebe : Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!
Phoebe : (starting to cry) Thank you so much.
Phoebe : I haven't really had any yet. (Monica, Joey, and Chandler all shake their heads.) OPENING
Phoebe : (to her babies) Stop it!
Phoebe : One of the babies is kicking.
Phoebe : It's not kicking me, it's kicking one of the other babies. Oh (looks down her dress)! Don't make me come in there!
Phoebe : Hey!! Get your ass back here, Tribbiani!! (Joey walks back in, scared.)
Phoebe : I can't believe I'm gonna have a party! This is so great! (Really excited) A party! (Really, really excited) Yay!! (Suddenly, she starts crying and Rachel moves to comfort her.) I don't know why.
Phoebe : What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
Phoebe : Hi, guys.
Phoebe : I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Phoebe : Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet. (She goes to hug them and they both flinch, thinking that Phoebe is about to attack them.)
Phoebe : Good. Y'know-no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Phoebe : Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Phoebe : Alrighty, here come the water works. (Rachel starts crying harder.)
Phoebe : (sips it) It's so good. (Monica and Rachel breath a sigh of relief.) Oh, thanks.
Phoebe : (sets the cup down) Oh! (Grabs her stomach in pain.)
Phoebe : Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.
Phoebe : Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.
Phoebe : No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
Phoebe : Well, do you see any babies?
Phoebe : Okay, I guess. I mean... I don't know, it's just, I guess I know it's going to be over soon.
Phoebe : I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Phoebe : Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Phoebe : Yeah, okay.
Phoebe : Cool Aunt Phoebe. I am pretty cool!
Phoebe : They are gonna love me.
Phoebe : Thanks you guys! Again.
Phoebe : You're the best. Thanks. Oh! Monica and
Phoebe : Just kidding. Ahh!
Phoebe : Got cha again, you guys are so easy.
Phoebe : Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Phoebe : Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
Phoebe : Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't-can't get up.
Phoebe : Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?
Phoebe : Oh, have a great wedding!
Phoebe : Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna hug you too!
Phoebe : Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it's on the counter in your apartment.
Phoebe : (laughs) Thank you. (Chandler kneels down with his arms spread waiting for his hug.
Phoebe : Thank you. (She pats him on his head.)
Phoebe : Oh, do you need a hug? You don't have to bring me anything! (And with that, television history is made as, for the first time ever, an entire show moves it's entire production to an entirely different country to make a single episode. We get shots of Buckingham Palace, London Bridge, Big Ben, and the London Marriott as Joey and Chandler exit.)
Phoebe : Oh. Oh.
Phoebe : Oh, no. Oh, nothing.
Phoebe : Okay, I have a wedgie.
Phoebe : So-so, what do you want for lunch?
Phoebe : Yeah, I do. What's the matter?
Phoebe : Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Oh. No. No. Good! Yeah, me neither.
Phoebe : We thought you knew!
Phoebe : Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!
Phoebe : Oh no, Ross doesn't know anything.
Phoebe : Well, because we thought you knew!! It's so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean."
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?
Phoebe : Well, I think I can help you get over him.
Phoebe : Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.
Phoebe : And a small piece of chocolate.
Phoebe : And a glass of tepid water. (She gathers up all of these things.)
Phoebe : Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Phoebe : Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here. (Hands her the picture, Rachel grabs it out of her hand.) Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Phoebe : Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
Phoebe : Okay?
Phoebe : So uh, now look at the picture...
Phoebe : All right, and umm... (She grabs the picture and smacks her in the head.)
Phoebe : Okay, how do you feel now?
Phoebe : Hello.
Phoebe : Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Phoebe : Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
Phoebe : So you're not homesick yet?
Phoebe : All right, the seven of us miss you.
Phoebe : Y'know, me, Rachel, the birds, the babies...
Phoebe : Ooh, the pizza guy's here!
Phoebe : Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
Phoebe : Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Yeah, it's in the guys' apartment under the sink. Why?
Phoebe : What?! What do you mean you're going to London?
Phoebe : I-Rachel, you can't go! Ross loves Emily!
Phoebe : That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Phoebe : No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
Phoebe : Oh...yes..is this..umm..Emily's Parents' house.
Phoebe : (In a British accent) This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
Phoebe : No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! ? Could you just give me the number for where they are?
Phoebe : Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
Phoebe : Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.
Phoebe : (Looking relieved. She puts down the phone.) Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
Phoebe : (Trying to get up.) Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! (Not able to get up.) God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Phoebe : Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross's sister Monica. Mrs.
Phoebe : Oh, I'm Phoebe Buffay. I'm one of Ross's best friends. Mrs.
Phoebe : Yeah, um, I can't fly. I'm having my brother's babies. Mrs.
Phoebe : No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It's very very important. Mrs.
Phoebe : Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
Phoebe : (Angrily.) Hey, were the hell have you been?!
Phoebe : I don't want to hear about her!!
Phoebe : No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel's coming to London.
Phoebe : No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.
Phoebe : I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She's going to ruin the wedding!!
Phoebe : All right, so, okay...
Phoebe : Okay, so I'm done my part, okay. It's your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?
Phoebe : So tell me about this girl? (The guys hotel room. Joey's there. Chandler comes out of the bathroom in a robe.)
Phoebe : Mrs. Waltham. Hi. It's Phoebe again. Mrs.
Phoebe : Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise. Mrs.
Phoebe : Did you stop Rachel?
Phoebe : So nothing got ruined?
Phoebe : Oh that's so great! Ohh, so what's going on now?
Phoebe : No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen. (Joey looks at Ross and holds the phone above Ross's shoulder.) (Chandler escorts Monica down the aisle.)
Phoebe : (On the phone, in New York) Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange. Mrs.
Phoebe : Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own. Mrs.
Phoebe : No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too! (Mrs. Waltham hangs up on her.)
Phoebe : Hello? (Cut to Chandler and Monica at the buffet table.)
Phoebe : Hi, so what happened?
Phoebe : Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : (To Joey) You ate meat! (Joey is shocked) (To Chandler and Monica) You had sex! (They're shocked.)
Phoebe : I know you didn't, I was talking about Monica.
Phoebe : This pregnancy is throwing me all off.
Phoebe : Oh, me too!
Phoebe : Oh right, maybe I'll just go home. (She grabs her bag and leaves, Joey moves a little quicker to his apartment, leaving Monica and Chandler alone.)
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver...
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Oh. Ha-ha-ha. All right, anyway...
Phoebe : Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat-I don't want to talk about it.
Phoebe : So you still hadn't heard from Emily?
Phoebe : London is stupid! Stupid!
Phoebe : Oh... No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : (Grabs the pictures) Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me. (She picks up a magic marker and draws herself in. Monica can't watch.)
Phoebe : No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
Phoebe : Well, it felt French. (Joey is intrigued.)
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!
Phoebe : (excited) Central...(not so excited) Park!
Phoebe : That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
Phoebe : That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
Phoebe : Okay, woo! Hi.
Phoebe : Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Phoebe : Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off! (They all go pack except for Ross.)
Phoebe : Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones! (They high-five and howl, but Phoebe suddenly stops and the guys gasp and retreat in shock.)
Phoebe : All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun! (She starts out the door.)
Phoebe : Wait, wait, remember when my water broke? (They all high-five again.) Ending Credits
Phoebe : (to the nurse) Hi.
Phoebe : Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.
Phoebe : Not yet. Umm, I heard they really hurt, do they hurt?
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Phoebe : Oh no, none of them are the father. The father is my brother.
Phoebe : Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me! (Monica and Chandler come running in.)
Phoebe : (standing up) Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. (As she is talking Joey is sticking the camera under her skirt.) And then my mom wants to know-(notices Joey)-Joey, what are you doing?!
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Oh my God, she's so stupid!
Phoebe : That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!
Phoebe : All right-Ooh! Oh dead God, save me!
Phoebe : I'm having my first contraction!
Phoebe : Ooh, it's not bad.
Phoebe : Ooh, it's sympathy pains. Ohh, that's so sweet!
Phoebe : No-no-no! We haven't started yet. Where's Alice?
Phoebe : Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either-Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh! (Checks under the blanket.) Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
Phoebe : Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder. Dr.
Phoebe : Hey. Dr.
Phoebe : It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!
Phoebe : (interrupting) What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
Phoebe : Hi! And you're going into what grade? Dr.
Phoebe : (interrupting) Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor. Dr.
Phoebe : Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go! (He runs out and Frank watches him go.)
Phoebe : They are. Why? Dr.
Phoebe : Happy birthday! Dr.
Phoebe : I know, it is.
Phoebe : Can I tell you a little secret?
Phoebe : I want to keep one. (Giggles in excitement.)
Phoebe : Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
Phoebe : Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?
Phoebe : Oh, just ask him!
Phoebe : I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Phoebe : You're right. (There's an awkward silence then suddenly Phoebe gets an idea.)
Phoebe : Tell him it's for you.
Phoebe : (To Rachel) So did you ask him?
Phoebe : Well, I'm kinda on a clock here. Dr.
Phoebe : Undo it. Undo it. Undo it. Dr.
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Okay, doctor says any minute now.
Phoebe : Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do. (A male nurse enters.) Male
Phoebe : Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!! [Cut to Joey's room, who's going throw his own contractions. Plus, he has Ross in a headlock.]
Phoebe : What is that? (Dan turns on the TV and the Happy Days theme song comes on.)
Phoebe : Oh my God! Dr.
Phoebe : I already had a baby. Leave me alone.
Phoebe : Which one do you have?
Phoebe : But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know...
Phoebe : Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
Phoebe : So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives! (Imitates the high fives.) Ahh! Ahh! Ahh! (One of the babies begins to cry.) Well, if you're gonna cry. (She starts crying.) Ending Credits
Phoebe : I know.
Phoebe : Yeah. You won't be able to take it.
Phoebe : They're gonna call her Chandler.
Phoebe : Ugh, PBS!
Phoebe : Ugh, what's right with them?
Phoebe : Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
Phoebe : All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
Phoebe : This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.
Phoebe : What-what are you talking about?!
Phoebe : Yeah. So?
Phoebe : Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.
Phoebe : Yeah, it's... Y'know there's-no you may not! (They are standing on either side of Chandler as they discuss the point. Chandler, meanwhile, is disgusted with the whole argument.)
Phoebe : Are you calling me selfish?!
Phoebe : I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius. (Ross's phone rings and he answers it.)
Phoebe : Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?
Phoebe : Right. (She turns and opens her eyes in shock.)
Phoebe : I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
Phoebe : I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Phoebe : Ooh-ohh!
Phoebe : Why?
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.
Phoebe : (on phone from Central Perk) Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.
Phoebe : Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.
Phoebe : (Thinks for a moment.) Aw, dammit! (Slams the phone down.) Stage
Phoebe : Ooh, it's not a toy.
Phoebe : (on phone) Hi Joey.
Phoebe : I would like to make a pledge. I would like to donate $200.
Phoebe : Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
Phoebe : No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.
Phoebe : Yeah, not the one I had my eye on. Gary
Phoebe : Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no! (Realizes that her deed made her happy and therefore it's selfish and covers her mouth in horror.)
Phoebe : Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!
Phoebe : Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
Phoebe : Yeah that's better than my way. (They all agree and head to Monica's room.)
Phoebe : (To Chandler) Can you hear anything?
Phoebe : Ooh, Madlibs, mine! (Grabs it.)
Phoebe : I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.
Phoebe : Yeah, me either.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.
Phoebe : Ehh!!
Phoebe : Come where?
Phoebe : Okay, but try and get Joey too.
Phoebe : Oh, sure! (She gets up to leave.) Bye Ross! (Whispering behind his back.) Forever.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your convention.
Phoebe : We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey! Ending Credits
Phoebe : The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
Phoebe : Count for what?
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud. (She puts her leg up on the chair and removes this huge knife from her boot to open the box with. The guys are shocked at the knife's existence.)
Phoebe : Eeeee-(She opens the box and removes its contents and sees that it's a fur coat.)-ohh!! God! (She throws it at Joey.)
Phoebe : Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Phoebe : Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green. (Ross suddenly gets up and heads for the bathroom.)
Phoebe : Oh, I hate this. Everything's changing.
Phoebe : I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.
Phoebe : That might work! (She gives him the coat.)
Phoebe : Why?
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium?
Phoebe : He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies. (Rachel enters from the bathroom and sees the coat.)
Phoebe : This is fashion?! (Grabs the coat from Rachel.) Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny. (She puts the coat on and starts to model it.) Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good? (Sees herself in the mirror.) 'Cause I do.
Phoebe : Nooo!!
Phoebe : I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much. Commercial Break
Phoebe : Oh, I know.
Phoebe : All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places. (She puts on her fur coat.)
Phoebe : Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I-it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley! (She starts to leave but stops and says to Monica.) Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
Phoebe : Are you still mad at us?
Phoebe : Oh good! Because we have an "I'm sorry" song.
Phoebe : (To Chandler) You're kinda stepping on the song. (She gets ready to play but is stopped by...)
Phoebe : Okay, now you're just taking lines right out of the song!
Phoebe : Yes! Exactly! And that's why... (She starts to play her song, but is stopped by Monica.)
Phoebe : Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
Phoebe : Oh God, I really missed that fat bastard! (Pause.)
Phoebe : Hi Emily!
Phoebe : Here. (She wraps her coat around his shoulders.)
Phoebe : Umm, do health inspectors work on commission?
Phoebe : It's okay to laugh right?
Phoebe : Okay. (She laughs harder.)
Phoebe : Yum-my!
Phoebe : Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
Phoebe : Hey, you should really read that book you wrote. (To Larry) Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!
Phoebe : Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.
Phoebe : Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.
Phoebe : Okay. (Larry goes to leave but heads the wrong way and makes a quick sidestep to go out the right door.)
Phoebe : He's so funny! (She imitates what he just did.)
Phoebe : (smiles) Show me the badge again. (He looks around and flashes her his badge and she laughs.)
Phoebe : Shiny.
Phoebe : (laughing) You are just nonstop! (He goes to the bathroom and Phoebe puts some pepper and salt on her food. With the salt she takes a bit and throws it over her left shoulder as she faces us.)
Phoebe : Why?!
Phoebe : (awed) You have the power to do that?
Phoebe : (excited) Shut it down.
Phoebe : Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
Phoebe : Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle." (Laughs.)
Phoebe : Ooh, absolutely!
Phoebe : Ooh, I love that place! (Thinks about it.) So, no.
Phoebe : Enh. Sure!
Phoebe : Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. (She takes a swig of it, but has to turn away from him as she makes a face to show that it has gone bad.) Okay, let's go! (Just as they're about to leave, Gunther comes out of the back carrying two garbage bags. Larry sees this and stops him.)
Phoebe : Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
Phoebe : Thank you. (To Gunther, who's standing there frozen) Okay, go! Go! Go! (He runs off.) (To Larry) Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
Phoebe : Does anyone wanna watch TV?
Phoebe : Monica your remote doesn't work.
Phoebe : Oh. Aw, forget it.
Phoebe : Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.
Phoebe : I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.
Phoebe : Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse! Thanksgiving 1862
Phoebe : More bandages! More bandages! Please, can I get some more bandages in here! This man is dying-(She is cut off by an exploding shell just outside the tent. When the smoke clears, she's missing an arm and the blood is pumping out like you'd see in a horror movie. And upon seeing her condition, she says...) Oh no. Present Day
Phoebe : Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.
Phoebe : Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.
Phoebe : Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
Phoebe : (surprised) Hello?
Phoebe : Joey? What's going on?
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Phoebe : (walks him to the kitchen) Easy. Step. How did it get on?
Phoebe : Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
Phoebe : Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal. (They hear Monica trying to unlock the door. So Phoebe quickly pushes his head down onto the table to make it look like the turkey is just sitting on a platter and not stuck on Joey's head.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.
Phoebe : All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think. (They all start thinking. Joey starts rubbing his chin, of course his chin is currently inside the turkey so he ends up rubbing the turkey. And I didn't do that joke one bit of justice. It's one of those you have to see it to get it jokes.)
Phoebe : Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?
Phoebe : Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.
Phoebe : Oh, no, I have the cutest Christmas story!
Phoebe : Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever. Thanksgiving 1988
Phoebe : What am I sitting on?
Phoebe : (taking something out of the couch) Ew-eww!! Undies! (She throws them into the kitchen and Rachel picks them up with the handle of a large spoon. Chandler and Monica have horrified looks on their faces.)
Phoebe : Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
Phoebe : Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
Phoebe : Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!
Phoebe : Yeah! Okay-ooh, but are you going to have time to read it?
Phoebe : This is going to be so much fun! Okay-shhh, I have to finish.
Phoebe : Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
Phoebe : Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff. (Writes him a note and the gang reads it.)
Phoebe : Someday I'll, tell you about the time I stabbed the cop.
Phoebe : Well, he stabbed me first!!
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : I thought you said you read it in high school.
Phoebe : Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism. The
Phoebe : (To Rachel) You completely stole my answer!
Phoebe : Well how would you know?! You didn't even read it! The
Phoebe : I think that uh, yours is a question with many answers. The
Phoebe : Would you care to venture one? The
Phoebe : Are you just repeating what I'm saying? The
Phoebe : Okay then.
Phoebe : Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : You didn't read this one either?!
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : No! You should've read it yourself!
Phoebe : Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.
Phoebe : Yeah, this book was light years ahead of its time. The
Phoebe : Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights. The
Phoebe : (smiling) I'm sorry. It was just so funny when you started comparing Jane Eyre to Robocop.
Phoebe : Well, I snapped! Okay? You weren't taking the class seriously.
Phoebe : Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
Phoebe : All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
Phoebe : What's going on?
Phoebe : So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
Phoebe : I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off. A Female
Phoebe : I don't know! I didn't come with her!
Phoebe : Hey you guys, guess what?
Phoebe : Ohh, you and your ways. (She shakes the bell at him and sits down.) Since it's Christmastime. I'm going to be one of those people collection donations.
Phoebe : (Excitedly) Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.
Phoebe : Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
Phoebe : Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages. (She smirks.) I lied.
Phoebe : Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas. (A man put some change in her bucket.) Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy. (She waves her hand up and down as if she is spreading joy.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Well, it's going okay.
Phoebe : Oh, thanks!
Phoebe : Wow! (Monica puts some change in Phoebe's bucket.)
Phoebe : Is that a new Swede jacket? It looks really expensive.
Phoebe : Just get your nails done?
Phoebe : Okay! Thanks! Happy Holidays, here's your joy. (She waves her arm and spreads her joy.) (A man walks up and puts a dollar bill in.)
Phoebe : Thank you! And Happy Holidays. (The man starts to take some change out.)
Phoebe : Wait, you can't take the money out. The
Phoebe : But, can't you leave the dollar? This money is for the poor. The
Phoebe : Okay, Seasons Greetings and everything, but still... The
Phoebe : Oh, I'm going to give him something else besides joy, just... (She scowls at him.)
Phoebe : Thank you, Happy Holidays. (Another woman walks up and throws something into the bucket.)
Phoebe : Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't... (The lady ignores her and walks off.) Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash! (Another guy walks by and throws his light cigarette butt in the bucket.)
Phoebe : Hey!! (The bucket starts smoking.) The charity's on fire! Help! (Yet another guy walks by carrying a cup, which Phoebe grabs.) Oh good! Thank you, I need that. (She throws onto the smoldering fire. Suddenly the bucket erupts in flames.) Whoa! What is that?! (She sniffs the cup.) (To the guy.) It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Phoebe : Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! (Hands it to Monica.) Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
Phoebe : Does it look like an ashtray?
Phoebe : Does it look like a urinal?
Phoebe : Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
Phoebe : Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry. (Leaves.)
Phoebe : Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look. (The lady opens up her hand.) Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that. (She throws the lint away.) What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here! (The lady walks away.) (Another man walks up with a drink in his hand, Phoebe stops him too.)
Phoebe : Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution! (The guy starts to walk away with a hurt look on his face.) And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too! (Her boss and a co-worker walk up.) Hi Bob! (The same old lady from before walks bye.) (To the old lady.) I thought I told you to get outta here!
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : That chick can't handle my corner.
Phoebe : Fine. (She hands her bell to Ginger and starts to take down her signs.) (The same old lady walks by again.) All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch. (The old lady.)
Phoebe : It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?
Phoebe : You too!
Phoebe : Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Phoebe : Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Phoebe : Really?! How come?
Phoebe : Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
Phoebe : Well, I taught me and I love me.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Hornswoggle? (To Chandler) Ooh, this must be killing you.
Phoebe : Okay. (Joey tries to take the guitar.) Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here, (Points to her head.) then you learn here. (Points to the guitar.)
Phoebe : Okay, lesson
Phoebe : Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Phoebe : Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady! (They both laugh at what she said.)
Phoebe : Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
Phoebe : Give me your hands. (He does and she smells his left hand.) Strings. Gimme it! (He gives her his right hand and she smells it as well.) Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Phoebe : Then don't touch one!!
Phoebe : Tiger! (Joey moves his hand in an attempt to do the chord, in fact he does it with each name.) Dragon! Iceberg!! (He fails.) Joseph, did you even study at all last night?
Phoebe : Then do Iceberg!
Phoebe : G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords? (Joey doesn't answer.) Have you? (He looks away in shame.) Oh my God!
Phoebe : No, but you're questioning my method!
Phoebe : Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.
Phoebe : Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Phoebe : Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
Phoebe : Oh, fine! Take his side! (Storms out.) (Rachel looks shocked, gets over it, notices she's alone, and picks up the phone. The last part of which is something she shouldn't have done, because the phone is already in use. By Monica, and now Rachel can hear every word.)
Phoebe : No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
Phoebe : Uh-huh!
Phoebe : No!
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
Phoebe : Bye! (She exits, leaving Rachel and Joey alone.)
Phoebe : Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So... (Pause.)
Phoebe : That's weird. (Pause.) I bet they're doing it. Ending Credits
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
Phoebe : Exactly! Because it's in the past!
Phoebe : Okay, then what happened? (The duck flaps its wings frantically.)
Phoebe : (gasps) Ohh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. (The chick clucks.) You'll get your turn!
Phoebe : Nothing! (Picks up and sets the chick down on the floor.) (To the chick.) This is not over!
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : What were you doing?
Phoebe : Oh, nobody's judging you. (They all turn and look at Ross.)
Phoebe : You two will have very hairy children.
Phoebe : So are you actually gonna see her again?
Phoebe : Uh-hmm.
Phoebe : Get your foot off my contestant! Judge!
Phoebe : Ohhh.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Are you serious?!
Phoebe : You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We...
Phoebe : (turning from Ross.) No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
Phoebe : Ohh, tough call.
Phoebe : Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital. (All at once.)
Phoebe : Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
Phoebe : It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Phoebe : Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
Phoebe : It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Phoebe : Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
Phoebe : It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
Phoebe : It's Phoebe.
Phoebe : Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?
Phoebe : Umm, well, umm Grandma died.
Phoebe : No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
Phoebe : No you didn't!
Phoebe : Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
Phoebe : Fine. Okay, enjoy your concert. (Starts to leave.)
Phoebe : Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on. (The gang arrives.)
Phoebe : (notices his bag.) Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the exact same bag!
Phoebe : Thanks!
Phoebe : Yeah, welcome.
Phoebe : Umm here's your 3-D glasses.
Phoebe : So how did you know Francis?
Phoebe : Really?! What's your name?
Phoebe : You're Frank Buffay? Frank
Phoebe : You just said... Frank
Phoebe : But... (Phoebe takes one step after him and stops.)
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Phoebe : That was my dad!
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda." (They stare at her, dumbfounded) Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
Phoebe : Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
Phoebe : Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later. The
Phoebe : All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.
Phoebe : All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Phoebe : Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
Phoebe : Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
Phoebe : All right. (She goes over and tries to give Phoebe a massage. Phoebe yelps in pain and jumps away from her.)
Phoebe : Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
Phoebe : As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
Phoebe : (seeing the look on Chandler's face) He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!
Phoebe : Umm, thank you for meeting with me. Frank
Phoebe : Come, sit. (He's hesitant.) Sit. (Still hesitating.) Sit! (He sits on the arm of the couch.) Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay. Frank
Phoebe : Okay. Frank
Phoebe : Huh? Frank
Phoebe : Oh yes. Yes. Yeah-no. She did. She left you umm, (looking in her purse) this lipstick. Frank
Phoebe : Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms. (She picks up a couple of crumpled receipts.) Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct? Frank
Phoebe : Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children? Frank
Phoebe : Yeah. See? (Quickly shows him.) Frank
Phoebe : Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man? Frank
Phoebe : What?! Frank
Phoebe : But you-you-you came to see Lilly? Frank
Phoebe : Lilly's dead. (He looks up in shock.) Frank
Phoebe : She's dead. Frank
Phoebe : Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake. Frank
Phoebe : 17 years ago. Frank
Phoebe : Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe, (pause) is on this couch. (Silence ensues.)
Phoebe : Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you! Frank
Phoebe : Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there. Frank
Phoebe : Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go. Frank
Phoebe : That's a defense? Frank
Phoebe : You make up songs? Frank
Phoebe : Well, I am. (Moves over and takes his hand.) (She holds his hand for a little while then...)
Phoebe : Not yet, no. (Drops his hand and moves back.) Ending Credits
Phoebe : (looking out the window) Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes! (They all run and join her at the window.)
Phoebe : It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
Phoebe : (looking out the window) Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! (Starts yelling.) Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! (Chandler and Monica start taking each other's clothes off.) Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Phoebe : (screaming) Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Phoebe : CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!
Phoebe : OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!
Phoebe : NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!!
Phoebe : YOU KNOW?!!!
Phoebe : (Screaming incoherently.) Get in here!!! (Motions to join her and Rachel.) (Ross starts jumping and screaming incoherently and hops over and joins in on the group hug.)
Phoebe : You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Phoebe : Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.
Phoebe : Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Phoebe : Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Phoebe : Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
Phoebe : No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
Phoebe : Well, you could use your position y'know as the roommate.
Phoebe : And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.
Phoebe : Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie. (She gets up and goes over to Chandler who's ordering some coffee from Gunther.)
Phoebe : Hey! Ooh, wow that jacket looks great on you!
Phoebe : (feels his arm) Yeah the material feels so soft-hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?
Phoebe : Well, if you really wanna know, I'm-Oh! I can't tell you this.
Phoebe : Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
Phoebe : I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will. (She makes a show of bending over to get her coat and showing off her bum. She then walks out, leaving no one to eat her cookie.)
Phoebe : I have quarters! (She holds up a bag of quarters.)
Phoebe : But there's a whole table of mini-muffin baskets. Which one did you send?
Phoebe : Bye Chandler! (She walks up to him.) (Quietly.) I miss you already. (She pinches his butt.)
Phoebe : Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
Phoebe : He broke that.
Phoebe : I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
Phoebe : (in a sexy voice) Oh? (Takes the phone from Rachel.) Hello you.
Phoebe : Eh?
Phoebe : Really?
Phoebe : I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! (Hangs up.) Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Phoebe : No!
Phoebe : God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! (Joey just shakes his head.) Joey, you can't say anything!
Phoebe : All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
Phoebe : (laughs) Please. (She saunters over to Chandler with a mean pair of 'Come hither' eyes and she glares at Monica.)
Phoebe : So Chandler, I-I'd love to come by tonight.
Phoebe : Oh absolutely. Shall we say, around seven?
Phoebe : Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual intercourse. (As she walks away, Chandler mouths a scream to Monica. How motions and mouths, "It's okay, it's okay.")
Phoebe : Okay, Rachel, get me perfume!
Phoebe : And Joey, get me a bottle of wine and glasses? (He begrudgingly does so.) (In the meantime, Rachel has returned with the perfume and sprays a mist out in front of Phoebe who walks through the mist and does a little spin.) [Cut to Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Monica is getting Chandler ready for his half of the plan.]
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Good idea!
Phoebe : Oh now, don't give away the farm! (Phoebe knocks on the door with the wine and Chandler answers it. Rachel hides next to the door.)
Phoebe : Chandler.
Phoebe : I was going too. (They go inside and he closes the door.) Umm, I brought some wine. Would you like some?
Phoebe : So, here we are. Nervous?
Phoebe : No, I want this to happen.
Phoebe : Maybe, maybe I'll dance for you. (She starts doing a rather suggestive and seductive dance that's silly at the same time.)
Phoebe : Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off!
Phoebe : Really?
Phoebe : No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
Phoebe : He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Phoebe : Joey! (Examining the dress.) Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
Phoebe : Umm, not without you, lover. (She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.) So, this is my bra.
Phoebe : You should be. I'm very bendy. (Pause) I'm gonna kiss you now.
Phoebe : Ooh.
Phoebe : Here it comes. Our first kiss. (They slowly and hesitantly move their lips together and kiss gently. Phoebe has her eyes wide open in shock and Chandler is squinting. He finally breaks the kiss after only a short while and pushes Phoebe away.)
Phoebe : And why not?!
Phoebe : You're-you're what?! (Monica comes out of the bathroom like a bolt, and Rachel and Joey both enter.)
Phoebe : I just-I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
Phoebe : God! (She turns and buttons up.)
Phoebe : Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.
Phoebe : Hey! I brought you some house warming gifts.
Phoebe : Yeah. Salt, so your life always has flavor.
Phoebe : Bread, so you never go hungry.
Phoebe : And a scented candle for the bathroom, because well, y'know.
Phoebe : Yeah! (The door across the hall opens and a guy walks into Ross's apartment.)
Phoebe : Mr. President.
Phoebe : Yeah. I really like his glasses.
Phoebe : Oh, hi Ross!
Phoebe : Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it's a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest little man! (A guest walks up to her.) Guest
Phoebe : Yeah, uh-huh, a 100 dollars.
Phoebe : Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
Phoebe : No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Yeah, okay, my bad.
Phoebe : (ignoring him and continuing her conversation) That's what I'm saying. (Laughs.)
Phoebe : Ooh. (Turns to him.)
Phoebe : No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay? (They go to the food table.)
Phoebe : Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.
Phoebe : But somehow you came off as the bad guy.
Phoebe : Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
Phoebe : Oh, okay, see? Things are looking up already! Guest
Phoebe : All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? (Ross is the only one who raises his hand and Phoebe glares at him to put his hand back down.) Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! (He takes one off.) I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys (She turns to an elderly gentleman and a 20 something woman, who're a couple.) (To the girl) Gold-digger, (To the old guy) cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Phoebe : Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Phoebe : Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
Phoebe : All right. Hold on. (She starts digging in the chair.) I got it. Nickel! (Donates it.) How much more do we need?
Phoebe : Okay, dime! (Donates that.) You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while. (Finds something else.) Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa! (Looks at it.) Oh my God, this is a police badge!
Phoebe : Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year! (She crosses her fingers in hope.)
Phoebe : Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am? The Smoking
Phoebe : You can't put your cigarette out on a tree! The Smoking
Phoebe : No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again. The Smoking
Phoebe : Hold it! (Grabs the badge) N.Y.P.D! Freeze punk! The Smoking
Phoebe : Yeah that's right you are so busted. (To no one in particular.) Book 'em. The Smoking
Phoebe : Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree. The Smoking
Phoebe : You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup. (The woman calls her bluff.) (Screaming at no one in particular) Backup! Backup!! The Smoking
Phoebe : Okay, cancel backup! Cancel backup!
Phoebe : ...so this guy was all (Mumbles.) And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide. (Flashes the badge.) It was just so cool!
Phoebe : I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
Phoebe : You could get arrested, right now! (Flashes the badge and they glare at her.) All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power. (She heads for the door just as Joey enters.)
Phoebe : (To Joey) Hey.
Phoebe : Excuse me, is this your car?
Phoebe : Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.
Phoebe : Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop. (Shows the badge.)
Phoebe : Ohh, no. (Pause) Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4. (Tries to leave.)
Phoebe : I-I'm with the umm, the 57th.
Phoebe : I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm undercover right now. I'm a whore.
Phoebe : Umm, do you know, umm Sipowicz?
Phoebe : Yeah, big guy, kinda bald.
Phoebe : (starts to walk away, but stops) Don't try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
Phoebe : I-I sure will, take care. (Starts walking off.)
Phoebe : Oh. (She starts laughing. Then she throws the badge at him and runs away.)
Phoebe : Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!
Phoebe : Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you (Points at all of them) with me. (They all look at her.) Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler. (She opens the door to the cop from before.) Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
Phoebe : Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
Phoebe : I would love it if I weren't here!
Phoebe : Me?!
Phoebe : Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!
Phoebe : Umm, yeah, I'd like to go out with you officer...
Phoebe : Gary.
Phoebe : Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Phoebe : Ohh, impressive.
Phoebe : Yeah, we'll talk at dinner.
Phoebe : All right, I can't wait!
Phoebe : Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!
Phoebe : You wanna work on your interview skills?
Phoebe : Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.
Phoebe : Very good handshake, good wrist action.
Phoebe : Okay. (They shake hands and she pulls away suddenly) Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! (Rubbing her hand.)
Phoebe : Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler. (Chandler tries to comprehend that remark.) Opening Credits
Phoebe : But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
Phoebe : Okay, then maybe I can come too! Gary's
Phoebe : All right, you go. (They kiss.)
Phoebe : 'Kay, bye! (Gary closes the door behind him.)
Phoebe : Oh God!
Phoebe : Oh I just miss him so much!
Phoebe : Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
Phoebe : So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?
Phoebe : Come on, seriously! When did it end?
Phoebe : Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
Phoebe : (Under her breath) God, I woke the beast. Sorry. (To Monica) I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Phoebe : Oh we can't, we already have plans.
Phoebe : Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
Phoebe : You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : You tired Chandler?
Phoebe : Ohh, (laughs) umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.
Phoebe : We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!
Phoebe : What are you talking about?!
Phoebe : Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.
Phoebe : Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
Phoebe : Okay, great so do you want to do it together?
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Hey Rach, you wanna get some coffee?
Phoebe : Oh good!
Phoebe : Oh good. (They all start out.)
Phoebe : Oh wait, I change my mind! (She slams the door on them.) Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas! (Holds up a cocktail napkin.)
Phoebe : Oh, look at that.
Phoebe : What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Phoebe : So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
Phoebe : Like what?
Phoebe : Cups? You're giving me cups?
Phoebe : Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice? (Thinks of something) All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!
Phoebe : I got it! Mine!
Phoebe : (entering, carrying two garbage bags) Hey! Ross and
Phoebe : Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Phoebe : Umm, cups.
Phoebe : Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Phoebe : Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. (She goes and opens the door to Joey.) Oh, hi Joey!
Phoebe : (To Chandler) Check it out! Cup hat! (Points to her hat.) Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup! (Holds up one.)
Phoebe : (following him) And did you notice the ice? (Gestures to 3 huge buckets of ice on the table.) Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! (Pours some water onto the dry ice, causing it to evaporate/smoke.) Ahhh! Mystical!
Phoebe : (noticing her) Oh, look! Look! Look!
Phoebe : I was in charge of cups.
Phoebe : I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?
Phoebe : Don't get me started on that. (Ross and Chandler enter with the pizzas.)
Phoebe : Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.
Phoebe : (looking through the pizzas) Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
Phoebe : See? Vegetarianism benefits everyone.
Phoebe : This is so cool!
Phoebe : But I like it here!
Phoebe : Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Phoebe : Okay! (Walks over to Rachel) Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
Phoebe : I guess so. (See, the brief possession didn't affect her at all, like we could really tell.)
Phoebe : Wait, Rach! Where's the other one?
Phoebe : Rachel Karen Green, where's the other earring?!
Phoebe : Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
Phoebe : These are her earrings.
Phoebe : Why not?
Phoebe : (entering from Rachel's bedroom) I found it!
Phoebe : On your dresser.
Phoebe : (smiling) Maybe your scene's coming up?
Phoebe : (smiling) This is terrible, what are you going to do?
Phoebe : (not smiling) That's not good.
Phoebe : But I already gave them back to you!
Phoebe : All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. (Walks away over to Rachel.) Where is that other earring?
Phoebe : Make sure you check Chandler's jewelry box.
Phoebe : Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?! (Rachel heads for Joey and Chandler's and Phoebe heads for the kitchen to find Ross.)
Phoebe : (she just looks at him) Why are you being weird?
Phoebe : No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"
Phoebe : Ohh! I did not get that. [Cut to Chandler and Monica on the couch.]
Phoebe : Did you find it?
Phoebe : Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
Phoebe : (To Rachel) What are we going to do?!
Phoebe : All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
Phoebe : I suppose I could tell her it's just all my fault.
Phoebe : Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?
Phoebe : Umm, I lost one of your earrings. I'm sorry! I am so, so sorry!
Phoebe : I will replace it, I promise. I feel so terrible.
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : Yeah! You're the best!
Phoebe : Oh, right! (Hands Monica back her sunglasses.)
Phoebe : I-I-I found it interesting.
Phoebe : (walking over to Ross) Ross?
Phoebe : What else do they add smell too?
Phoebe : Oh no!
Phoebe : I am definitely gonna watch that! Ending Credits
Phoebe : Definitely!
Phoebe : Oh, then no. (Goes over to Chandler.)
Phoebe : (entering, with Gary) Hey!
Phoebe : Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
Phoebe : Uh-huh!
Phoebe : (excited) John Glenn is here?!
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : My God, Joey!
Phoebe : Yeah! Sure! Yep! (Gets up) Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.
Phoebe : Okay!
Phoebe : Bye! Ross and
Phoebe : Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
Phoebe : I'm fine, thanks.
Phoebe : Nope. (Chandler nods in agreement.) [Cut to Gary and Monica at the counter.]
Phoebe : Okay. Bye! (Gary exits and Monica rejoins them.)
Phoebe : So, what movie should we see?
Phoebe : What?! Really?!
Phoebe : I can't believe this!
Phoebe : No, but it is fast. Isn't it?
Phoebe : No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!
Phoebe : I don't know. I'll just handle it-I'll ask you to talk to him!
Phoebe : Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a...man!
Phoebe : Hmm, did you talk to Gary about the moving in thing?
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!
Phoebe : Ohh!! God! (Gary enters and she sees him) Ooh! (To Chandler) Get out of here, good for nothing.
Phoebe : Yeah! Okay. (They move to the couch.)
Phoebe : Thanks! Okay. (They sit down.)
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Uh-hmm.
Phoebe : No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this. (She stays still for a brief second.)
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.
Phoebe : I just-I don't want us to jump into something we're not ready for.
Phoebe : I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just-I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
Phoebe : Which is why my answer is yes!
Phoebe : Uh-huh! (They hug.) I'm so...happy. (She's not happy.) Commercial Break
Phoebe : We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!
Phoebe : I know, I'm so excited!
Phoebe : Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!
Phoebe : Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!
Phoebe : I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
Phoebe : No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
Phoebe : Oh, I'm sorry, the oven mitts really freaked me out.
Phoebe : No, nothing.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool. (Turns away from him.)
Phoebe : Uh-huh! (He takes her into one of those typical interrogation rooms you see on TV and in the movies. Which is really appropriate here, since this is a TV show. What are the odds of that?)
Phoebe : (sits down) Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
Phoebe : Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. (Pause) Can I get some water?
Phoebe : Umm, yeah! Today's.
Phoebe : (looks at the paper) Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Phoebe : Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts! (Pause) I'm sorry! (Puts her head down.)
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : That's so sweet.
Phoebe : Living with you would make me happy.
Phoebe : No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!
Phoebe : Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in! (Hugs him.)
Phoebe : Oh wait, one sec. One sec. (Goes to the mirror) Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms, (sees the look on his face) which was never!
Phoebe : I like waking up with you too. (Looks out the window) Oh! It's such a beautiful morning. (Some birds are singing outside the window) Oh, I can stay here all day.
Phoebe : We could have breakfast in bed...
Phoebe : Okay. (He grabs his gun and shoots the bird.) Oh! Oh no.
Phoebe : (entering) Oh good, you're all up.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, that's over.
Phoebe : He shot a bird!
Phoebe : Yeah. Yeah, I'll be alright.
Phoebe : (catches it) Nah, I don't feel like playing. (She sets the ball down on the table and everyone gasps.)
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Ohh, give him a kiss for me!
Phoebe : Bye!
Phoebe : (after he's gone) I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
Phoebe : I'm trying, but man that guy can push my buttons!
Phoebe : Look, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay?
Phoebe : You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
Phoebe : Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
Phoebe : Ohh-oh, chilling!
Phoebe : Oh wait, my grandmother's dead.
Phoebe : No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
Phoebe : Oh hey Joey! What's up?
Phoebe : Yeah, I've been around.
Phoebe : Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
Phoebe : But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.
Phoebe : Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
Phoebe : Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind. (Quickly) Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Phoebe : Which would you rather be a fireman or a swimmer?
Phoebe : Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
Phoebe : No thinking! No thinking! Tie or ascot?
Phoebe : North route or south route?
Phoebe : Bamn! There you go! Huh?
Phoebe : Oh, this guy again. (She ignores him.)
Phoebe : Umm, no thank you. (She gets up and moves to the couch. They were at a table previously.)
Phoebe : Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
Phoebe : Bye!
Phoebe : Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there.
Phoebe : Well, if you don't know I can't help you.
Phoebe : Well, I can't help you.
Phoebe : Apology accepted.
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : (quietly) Bye, fat ass.
Phoebe : I don't know! I don't remember!
Phoebe : Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney. (Ross isn't sure what to do with that comment.)
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : No that made me feel precious.
Phoebe : That game should not be played without my supervision.
Phoebe : What's in the bag?
Phoebe : I do!
Phoebe : Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross. (Thinks) Or-or Rachel!
Phoebe : Hey, dude!
Phoebe : Oh that's my grandma. (Joey holds the box away from him.) And thanks Joey she's having a really great time. (Joey is happy now.)
Phoebe : Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering... (We hear the dial tone as Joey hangs up.) Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Phoebe : No, don't-don't say I'm sorry with porn!
Phoebe : Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Phoebe : Uh-hmm.
Phoebe : Fauna.
Phoebe : Garfunkle.
Phoebe : You said I was boring--Ohh!
Phoebe : Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
Phoebe : Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz! (Realizes) Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
Phoebe : Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie?
Phoebe : (smiles) Okay! (Goes to answer the phone.)
Phoebe : (answering the phone) Hello? (Listens) Hey Joey! [Cut to Las Vegas, Joey is on the phone and wearing his gladiator costume.]
Phoebe : Sure! Where is it?
Phoebe : Ohh! So you're 5639?!
Phoebe : (to Joey) Ooh, do you want to talk to Chandler?
Phoebe : Who was that?
Phoebe : Yeah! (She hands the phone to Chandler.)
Phoebe : Monica! I'm sorry I'm late! (Starts looking around for her) Monica? (Goes into Monica's bedroom.)
Phoebe : (saddened) It's okay. What the hell took you so long?
Phoebe : Which Richard?
Phoebe : Richard Simmons?! Oh my God!
Phoebe : Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
Phoebe : That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
Phoebe : But again, Simmons. Go on.
Phoebe : Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Phoebe : Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
Phoebe : Wow! I owe Rachel 20 bucks!
Phoebe : On a totally different bet.
Phoebe : Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.
Phoebe : Okay, I'm gonna go too!
Phoebe : Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
Phoebe : Uh-huh, great story! I'm going!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Phoebe : Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
Phoebe : Oh yeah, so you can walk around naked.
Phoebe : Naked alone time.
Phoebe : Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
Phoebe : So, so far is this trip to Vegas better or worse than the trip to London?
Phoebe : Okay, what about after I give you these candies? (Hands them each one from her purse.)
Phoebe : Ah-ha! Okay, (takes out a notepad) Las Vegas 1, London 0! I'll be right back. (Gets up and heads aft.)
Phoebe : (sitting down) Oh good! All right, so you decided to tell him about the Richard thing.
Phoebe : Oh no. [The patented version.]
Phoebe : (To Monica under her breath) Simmons! Go with Simmons!
Phoebe : Okay, London 1...
Phoebe : Hey you guys wait! Guys! (Catches up to them.) This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
Phoebe : For 99 cents, I'd eat you. (Sees the casino) Okay, I can totally settle down here. It's got everything I could ever want, including Joey! Look! (Points to Joey in his gladiator suit posing for a picture with two old ladies.) Oh! Look! Hi!
Phoebe : Hey! Joey! (They all head over to him, he spots them coming and panics.) Hey! Hey!! Wow! (She hugs him.)
Phoebe : Why are you dressed as a gladiator?
Phoebe : So you're a gladiator! Wow!
Phoebe : Monica had lunch with Richard.
Phoebe : Noo! But that would've been so cool!
Phoebe : I love Vegas!
Phoebe : Thanks.
Phoebe : Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler. (Monica turns and stares at her.) I am so sorry.
Phoebe : So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
Phoebe : Sure! (When Monica gets close to the door.) (Yelling) Yeah! Las Vegas, number one! [Cut to the casino, Monica is walking through it past the craps table when she notices a chip on the floor. She picks it up and heads to the table.]
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Ohh, you are so lucky! (To Chandler) Hey! So, where's Monica? Did you guys make up?
Phoebe : But she just came up here!
Phoebe : I wonder where she is. That is so weird.
Phoebe : Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Phoebe : Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
Phoebe : Good. (After he leaves, she puts on Joey's gladiator helmet and checks herself out in the mirror) I should really start wearing hats!
Phoebe : (sees Ross and Rachel) Hey!
Phoebe : You guys are here! Yay!
Phoebe : (sees Rachel's face) What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? (Points at Rachel) and you're Bob Saget. (An old lady has sat down at the slot machine Phoebe was just at.)
Phoebe : Yeah! (Motions to her face, indicating all of Rachel's "make-up.")
Phoebe : Whoa, what kind of party was this?
Phoebe : Ugh!
Phoebe : That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
Phoebe : M-M-Mole people?
Phoebe : Oh. What's a lurker?
Phoebe : Kills you?
Phoebe : Ohhh!
Phoebe : How do you know about this?
Phoebe : Dance karate?
Phoebe : (seeing her) Get out of here you lurker! (She doesn't move) Go on! Get! (She throws a quarter at her.)
Phoebe : Ohh! You made up!
Phoebe : Ohh, get a room.
Phoebe : I know. Use it.
Phoebe : Oh well, lost again. (She gets up and slowly moves away. The lurker scurries in and takes her spot, only this time Phoebe set a trap for her and catches her in the act.) That's it! You and me, outside! The
Phoebe : Be cool! (They both pretend to have a nice conversation as the guard walks by, but after he leaves they both start fighting again.) Okay lady, your lurking days are over! The
Phoebe : Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave? The
Phoebe : What time? Maybe we can share a cab!
Phoebe : I won! I won! I finally won! The
Phoebe : Fine! Here! Take a hike toots! (Gives back her quarter.) (The security guard approaches.) The
Phoebe : (quietly) Sells drugs to kids. The Security
Phoebe : She sells drugs to kids. (The guard looks at the lurker.) The
Phoebe : How about we talk about this over dinner? The Security
Phoebe : No! No, you can't arrest me! No!! I won't go back! I won't go back to that hell hole!! The Security
Phoebe : Oh, okay. (Walks out.)
Phoebe : (entering and sitting down at the table.) Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? (Looks down) Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B. Joey's Hand
Phoebe : Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world. Joey's Hand
Phoebe : No, you threw out Phoebe. I'm Ms. Regina Phalange. Phalange! The Security
Phoebe : Okay! Okay! Okay! (They run into the chapel.) (Chandler and Monica are stunned again.)
Phoebe : (to her) Hey! Don't you give me any of your-Hey! (Sees Chandler and Monica standing there.)
Phoebe : Well, maybe you wouldn't have had you (turns to the attendant) run in the chapel!
Phoebe : What's the big deal, y'know? It's not like it's a real marriage.
Phoebe : Yeah, if you get married in Vegas, you're only married in Vegas.
Phoebe : (shocked) Really?!
Phoebe : Oh my God!-Eh! Well... Opening Credits {Transciber's
Phoebe : Oh Joey, I'm so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?
Phoebe : What about my cab?
Phoebe : No, Joey! You borrowed my cab; you have to drive it back.
Phoebe : I don't know, it's such a long trip.
Phoebe : Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?
Phoebe : All right. Although I don't think we need one, I never stopped loving you. (Chandler and Monica enter.)
Phoebe : Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.
Phoebe : Well you don't.
Phoebe : Good! Good! I was just testing you.
Phoebe : No, we were talking about tennis. Tennis is more believable. (Ross and Rachel enter.)
Phoebe : Uh-huh! Ross invited us all to watch. (Rachel turns to Ross stunned.)
Phoebe : Hell, I'm drunk right now! (They all turn and look at her.) What? I can't have a mimosa with breakfast?! I'm on vacation!
Phoebe : Oh-oh, that's your thing.
Phoebe : You're thing. You're thing. Y'know? You're the guy who gets divorced.
Phoebe : Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you're probably gonna marry it! Then it won't work out and you're gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy. (Pause) I'm so drunk.
Phoebe : Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely. (Joey groans.) Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any (sees that he's asleep) QUESTIONS!!!
Phoebe : Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
Phoebe : Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
Phoebe : Sing!!
Phoebe : (To Joey) How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape-(She holds her hand in front of the hitchhiker's face), a rapist or a killer or something!
Phoebe : Y'know what? I'm not talking to you! You go back to sleep! (To the hitchhiker) And you, are you a rapist?!
Phoebe : Do you like car games?
Phoebe : I love the license plate game!
Phoebe : No-No! You need your sleep. Night-night! Shh! (She closes the partition.)
Phoebe : Oh, okay.
Phoebe : And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
Phoebe : Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
Phoebe : You can still sleep at night and stuff.
Phoebe : Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?
Phoebe : Is it a meatball sub?
Phoebe : No thanks, I've already seen one.
Phoebe : Always.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Always.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : (running out) Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for just a second?
Phoebe : Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!! (The cab stops and she opens the door.) Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go. (Pushes Rachel in and closes the door.)
Phoebe : Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go! (She bangs on the cab's roof and it pulls away.) (To Ross) You didn't get the annulment?!!
Phoebe : Ross?!
Phoebe : Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
Phoebe : So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
Phoebe : Rachel is one of my closest friends. (Pause) Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay! (Rachel's cab backs up.)
Phoebe : Hey Rach!
Phoebe : Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?
Phoebe : Well then you'd better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go! (Bangs on the roof again and off they go.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : No, why?
Phoebe : (gasps) You're pregnant!
Phoebe : Ooh! That's good! Wow! But now if you were pregnant, what would you name it?
Phoebe : Guys, I'm happy too.
Phoebe : Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled... (Winks at Ross.)
Phoebe : Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel... Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
Phoebe : Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
Phoebe : Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Phoebe : Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
Phoebe : (to the girls) Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
Phoebe : Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
Phoebe : Okay, what about you? (Points to Karin) Wouldn't you want a date?
Phoebe : (interrupting) Whatever! What about you Meg?
Phoebe : (leaning to him) She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl." (He glares at her.)
Phoebe : Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
Phoebe : Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!
Phoebe : Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
Phoebe : (to Joey and Chandler) Okay, bye!
Phoebe : So? Did you get the annulment?
Phoebe : I knew it! Because you love Rachel.
Phoebe : Yeah, complicated 'cause of the love.
Phoebe : I've never been more convinced of your love for her.
Phoebe : Oh we do, but not just yet.
Phoebe : Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won't work out.
Phoebe : I know. Then, I'm gonna marry Chandler for the money and you'll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.
Phoebe : But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
Phoebe : Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes! (We see Joey who has puffed up his cheeks and Chandler nonchalantly reaches down and pinches Joey's nose shut. In a few seconds, Joey has to move because he's now forced to actually hold his breath.)
Phoebe : Uh-huh, what?
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : Well, that would be great but then what do we do about Denise?
Phoebe : My roommate.
Phoebe : Yes, Denise. Denise!
Phoebe : Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?
Phoebe : You didn't tell her did you?
Phoebe : Of course not, because you're in love with her.
Phoebe : What do you mean, comforted her?
Phoebe : Ah-ha! A classic sign of love, the hug!
Phoebe : Yeah, not in your case Lovey Loverson. (Tries to take a bite out of Ross's cookie.)
Phoebe : Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
Phoebe : Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them! (Ross is staring at her dumbfounded.) Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
Phoebe : (taking his coffee) Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
Phoebe : Okay, I didn't understand that, but y'know, maybe that's 'cause you were speaking the secret language of love! (She goes for his magazine and he grabs it away before she reaches it. But she was only using the magazine as a decoy because she grabs his cookie and coffee, takes a bite out of the cookie and drinks some of the coffee.)
Phoebe : Shhhhhh! I'm swamped right now.
Phoebe : Umm, I'm trying to move that pencil. (There's a pencil lying on the table.)
Phoebe : It worked!
Phoebe : Wait, no, look at this! (Points to one.) (Reading) "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Phoebe : I saw it.
Phoebe : Umm, I'm talking about that which you already know but won't admit. You love her again; you re-love her!
Phoebe : I can't believe you won't just admit it! (Pause) Okay, just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Wow! I'm-I'm so happy for you guys. (To Ross) This is so-so, not stupid.
Phoebe : No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me! (Ross looks at her.) (Pause) Okay, that's a lie.
Phoebe : (singing) I found you in my bed! ????????????????????????? How'd you whined up there? ????????????????????????? You are a mystery!????????????????????????? Little black curly hair!????????????????????????? Little black curly hair!????????????????????????? Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair............ (Applause.)
Phoebe : Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
Phoebe : (on the microphone, accidentally) Yes. (Rachel enters.)
Phoebe : Ross, I know what you're thinking.
Phoebe : That she's gonna move in with you and maybe then she'll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you're already married, she'll just be happy. Y'know? You're just, you're very sad.
Phoebe : What?!!
Phoebe : No! (Ross's phone rings.)
Phoebe : Yeah, Professor and Mrs.
Phoebe : Oh! Yeah, y'know you and Ross are still married.
Phoebe : Just kidding!
Phoebe : (To Ross) Saved your ass. Opening Credits ?
Phoebe : Hi.
Phoebe : Well, you know that psychic I see?
Phoebe : Well, she told me that I'm gonna die this week, so I'm kinda bummed about that.
Phoebe : Yeah, and I know you guys don't know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.
Phoebe : I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
Phoebe : No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! (So she picks up the latest copy of Car and Driver (a U.S. auto magazine), leans back, and starts reading.)
Phoebe : Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Ugh, it's so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could-(Groans, hacks, and then freezes with her eyes open and her tongue hanging out.)
Phoebe : I was preparing you for my-didn't you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
Phoebe : Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y'know if you can. (Phoebe goes and lies down as Rachel opens the drawer Monica hid the candlesticks in and as Monica walks out of her room.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : What's going on?
Phoebe : Hey! Maybe you'll die!
Phoebe : No, we can go together! Just don't wait too long though, okay? 'Cause I'm outta here sometime before Friday.
Phoebe : No-no, it'll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I'm not going die!
Phoebe : Because my psychic is dead! She must've read the cards wrong!
Phoebe : Eh, better her than me! Hey, let's bake cookies!
Phoebe : Have you really done this before?
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : We're just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.
Phoebe : (overdoing it) Oh my God!!
Phoebe : Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!
Phoebe : Another lie. You have a sickness!
Phoebe : (coming in from the bathroom) Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
Phoebe : Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya! (Exits.)
Phoebe : (stops) Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
Phoebe : What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don't have a roommate.
Phoebe : Maybe you could be my roommate!
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Umm, she said she'd be back December 26th.
Phoebe : (rapidly) I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Phoebe : Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
Phoebe : That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Phoebe : Yeah? (Checking the final diaper) Well this is not what I ordered.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : I don't know why I was so nervous about this. And I don't know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
Phoebe : No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
Phoebe : Oh, I can still do that.
Phoebe : How did that happen?!!
Phoebe : Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.
Phoebe : What?! No, you can't, you can't leave me here with them! We're baby-sitting!
Phoebe : But you-you can't leave me with them! We-we're a team! We're playing a zone! They're gonna triple team me!
Phoebe : But no, because a doctor won't be able to help him, it's just gonna y'know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
Phoebe : I'm pretty sure it's gun.
Phoebe : A real man wouldn't just run to the hospital! (They don't stop.) No! What would, what would Krog do? (They ignore her and Phoebe is left alone.)
Phoebe : Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one. (She throws it at the garbage without looking, misses, and knocks over a vase and flowers, which fall to the floor and break.) Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's. (She crawls over, disposes of the diaper, picks up the flowers, and the vase.) I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes. (She throws out both the flowers and the vase.) Okay, good. (She turns around and only counts two babies.) Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer. (She starts looking for her) Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words! (She turns around and finds that Leslie has managed to crawl into the bottom drawer of the TV cabinet.) Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh! (She picks her up and notices a surprise is waiting in the drawer.) Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry. (Closes the drawer with her foot.) (To Leslie) Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there! (They both have disappeared as well.) [Time Lapse, the babies are finally asleep. Good for Phoebe! The only problem is, Monica's apartment looks like a tornado, a hurricane, a swarm of locusts, fire, brimstone, hail, and giant man-eating, radioactive ants have torn the place apart. Needless to say, it's messy enough to cause Monica to die of shock right away. Parents with small children know what I'm talking about.]
Phoebe : (exhausted) How do you feel?
Phoebe : Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed 'em, bathed 'em, and put 'em to bed.
Phoebe : I know, the babies are asleep.
Phoebe : I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!
Phoebe : So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
Phoebe : Well, how much do you think he needs?
Phoebe : Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Phoebe : And also, my birthday.
Phoebe : What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you it's not your birthday! (Joey and Ross enter.)
Phoebe : Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Phoebe : My God, I can't get a minute of peace around this place. [Cut to Rachel's bedroom, Phoebe and her are entering. And it's obvious that she's not packed.]
Phoebe : Oh my God! Monica's just gonna kill you.
Phoebe : Well, what you're wearing is fine for that.
Phoebe : I have plans.
Phoebe : That's right.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves! (The guys scramble for the door.)
Phoebe : You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time... (She starts laughing hysterically.) You don't remember?
Phoebe : Well, this doesn't have to be so sad though. Y'know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you're gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you're not gonna miss.
Phoebe : Come on, there's gotta be something.
Phoebe : Good! Great! You can go first.
Phoebe : Good that's a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y'know? Does Rachel move the phone pen?
Phoebe : Okay, good. There you go. Doesn't anyone feel better?
Phoebe : Great! It worked! No one's sad.
Phoebe : Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
Phoebe : Hey! I call her!
Phoebe : Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations. (Phoebe dumps a drawer full of makeup into a box.) Commercial Break ?
Phoebe : Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she's the one who's leaving. It's harder for her!
Phoebe : I know, I took it hard too. (Monica goes into Rachel's room.)
Phoebe : Hey, how are you guys doing?
Phoebe : Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what's going on here. Okay, you guys... STOP!! (They stop.) I know that, I know that you're acting mad because you think that it'll make it easier to leave. But deep down you're still really sad. Deep-deep down.
Phoebe : Well, deep-deep-deep down!
Phoebe : Then keep running. (They resume the chase.)
Phoebe : Hey you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore. Monica and
Phoebe : You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Phoebe : What else?
Phoebe : That's nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Phoebe : Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
Phoebe : Oh that's right. You're still set on that?
Phoebe : Ready?
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : it's...
Phoebe : and...
Phoebe : please...
Phoebe : leave...
Phoebe : Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it's," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.
Phoebe : All right, so let's switch.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Hi...
Phoebe : It's...
Phoebe : and...
Phoebe : Please...wait, how did you do that?
Phoebe : Oh, you're no ordinary roommate are you?
Phoebe : Really?
Phoebe : Okay, let's go running!
Phoebe : Let's run towards them!
Phoebe : All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!
Phoebe : Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green. Opening Credits ?
Phoebe : I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.
Phoebe : Okay. (Starts running crazily with her arms flapping and her legs far apart) Come on! That's not running! Let's go! (Rachel pauses, then follows, embarrassed.) [Scene, Central
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Why? Why would you do that?
Phoebe : (jumps in front of Rachel) Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
Phoebe : Please Rachel, I am not an idiot. (Runs off)
Phoebe : Sure
Phoebe : So, what should you have done?
Phoebe : Uh-Huh, Which is...?
Phoebe : So?
Phoebe : Why do you care?
Phoebe : But people that you don't know and will never see again.
Phoebe : Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss (panting). But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
Phoebe : That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan? (Rachel looks confused) The neighbor's dog.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
Phoebe : (Walking over and Sitting down.) Hey.
Phoebe : Rachel?
Phoebe : I'm, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale's and use the copy machine.
Phoebe : Oh my God. What happened?
Phoebe : Well that's great! Congratulations!! (She hugs Rachel.)
Phoebe : (Hugging her again.) You've lasted a whole year. Good for you.
Phoebe : Thank you.
Phoebe : Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.
Phoebe : Yeah a little. He seems really nice. Good kisser.
Phoebe : Totally.
Phoebe : Yeah. I was just in there. He introduced himself and the next thing I know, we're making out. You know.
Phoebe : No!
Phoebe : What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he's married? (Rachel looks at her.) No, yeah, I should.
Phoebe : Hey. Here. (Hands Chandler a copy of her flyer and sees the picture of Ralph.) Ohh, who's the silver fox?
Phoebe : That's not Ralph Lauren. Sounds like him though.
Phoebe : Yeah, no, Ralph doesn't look anything like that guy. He's-he's young and he's got long hair and a beard and a hacky sack.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?
Phoebe : Ohhh.
Phoebe : Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me? (He smiles at her.) OH!! Demon!! Demon!!
Phoebe : But why didn't you just tell her the truth.
Phoebe : Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?
Phoebe : Just for a second.
Phoebe : Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.
Phoebe : Ohh, sleep with Kenny.
Phoebe : Ohh, yes it would.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel?s dessert is...[about to say ?bad?] so good that I eat all of it. There?s none left for anybody else! [Monica, Phoebe, and Rachel laugh]
Phoebe : And who else is going to be there?
Phoebe : Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
Phoebe : Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
Phoebe : Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it?s making me look at him totally differently. Y?know, I mean he used to be just, y?know ?Jack Geller Monica and Ross?s dad? and now he?s he?s ?Jack Geller, dream hunk." [We see a shot of Jack stuffing his face with food. Some dream hunk!]
Phoebe : Rachel?
Phoebe : Okay, look at him. Look at those strong hands. Oh what I wouldn?t give to be that can of (looks closer to see what Jack is drinking) condensed milk. [We see a shot of Jack drinking condensed milk on the couch.] [Ross and Judy enter the living room. Judy and Ross sit down on the couch beside Jack. Monica and Chandler are sitting on the coffee table.]
Phoebe : Monica, leave him alone! [Monica gives Phoebe a surprised expression and goes over to Ross and Chandler.]
Phoebe : So, now, Rach, this is a traditional English trifle, isn?t it?
Phoebe : Wow. So then did you make it with beef or Eggplant?
Phoebe : I can?t have any. You know I don?t eat meat. (Faking dissapointment.) Ohhh no. [Phoebe gets up and goes into Rachel?s old room, a smile on her face.]
Phoebe : Rachel, come here. (Rachel walks over to Phoebe. Chandler sits down on the lounge-chair.) Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
Phoebe : I dunno, let?s see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Phoebe : Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen. [Jack and Judy come out of Monica?s room and sit down on the couch.] Mr.
Phoebe : Five minutes ago, a line like that would?ve floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman. [Rachel and Phoebe walk into the kitchen. Monica comes out of the bathroom and goes over to Ross.]
Phoebe : (joining in) I love Jacques Cousteau!
Phoebe : That is nice and we're done. TADA! (Her side of the tree looks a complete mess)
Phoebe : Yeah, Chandler why don't you take a walk? This doesn't concern you.
Phoebe : No-no, we do it every year!
Phoebe : No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us that wily minx.
Phoebe : But we have to!
Phoebe : Well then, you should look with us.
Phoebe : Oh, that's it? (Mimics Chandler) A great idea!
Phoebe : Ooh ooh, we have a live one!
Phoebe : Ooh, who's it for?
Phoebe : Uh-oh. She may be onto us.
Phoebe : Yeah, and you have nothing to worry about 'cos they're all crap!
Phoebe : Ohhh. Thanks Chandler they're great!
Phoebe : Oh, okay, I'm sorry, thank you for my azzz.
Phoebe : Hey! Look who I found!
Phoebe : Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
Phoebe : Or we could just follow your clever jokes - any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Phoebe : Hmm, how about my azzz? (Rachel sits on the window seat, and knocks against it)
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : No, don't look directly at them!
Phoebe : Alright, no, we could look at them!
Phoebe : Oh, this one's for Chandler. Here.
Phoebe : And the big one's for me!
Phoebe : Hee hee!
Phoebe : Will you get us better gifts?
Phoebe : Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless. (Rachel leans over to look at him.)
Phoebe : She's made it pretty clear, it is not going to happen.
Phoebe : Yeah well, we'll see.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : (sees the table) Ooh, what a great table! Where-where did you get it?
Phoebe : Umm, a flea market?
Phoebe : Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where (She's opening and closing the drawers) they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
Phoebe : Y'know? Ooh, you can almost smell the opium.
Phoebe : How much was it?
Phoebe : 500 bucks at a flea market?!
Phoebe : Oh no.
Phoebe : A dollar?
Phoebe : Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.
Phoebe : Well, what period is it from?
Phoebe : Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or...
Phoebe : (gasps) White Plains. Oh, it sounds like such a magical place.
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Okay. Hey-Ooh, cool sheets! (Notices the sheet over the table.)
Phoebe : Sure!
Phoebe : You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.
Phoebe : Oh sure! (She goes to take her feet off, but drags the sheet with her which spills the wine.) Noo!
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Ross, where did you get this?!
Phoebe : Wow! Oh my God, well if they've ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!
Phoebe : Well this doesn't even smell like opium.
Phoebe : Oh Ross, calm down, I'll give you the 80 cents. (Ross glares at Rachel)
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : (sees Ross) Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.
Phoebe : (gasps) Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!
Phoebe : Ah!
Phoebe : Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate-And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
Phoebe : Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Phoebe : No! I do want to!
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Well at least I got these sheets for Ross.
Phoebe : Uck, look at this! Pottery Barn, yuck!
Phoebe : No! Look-look! There's the coffee table they stole from us!
Phoebe : That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
Phoebe : Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
Phoebe : No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
Phoebe : I can't! I can't! Unless... Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn't buy that lamp?
Phoebe : But are you saying that you would move out if I didn't buy that lamp?
Phoebe : Okay then I don't have a choice! I have to buy that lamp!
Phoebe : But at least the apothecary table is real.
Phoebe : I didn't know Playboy prints jokes.
Phoebe : (entering) Hey.
Phoebe : Wh-wh-what are you doing?
Phoebe : Oh, I want to look too! (She runs over and sits down and checks out a picture). Yikes!
Phoebe : Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over? Rachel and
Phoebe : Rachel.
Phoebe : I don't know. (Pause) Me neither.
Phoebe : I guess it was kinda funny.
Phoebe : Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're ... just ... kinda high maintenance-Okay let's go to lunch!
Phoebe : No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
Phoebe : Ya, you know, Rachel ... she'll do whatever you want. Y'know, you can just walk all over her.
Phoebe : Oh, okay, (laughing) you're not a pushover.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : That true, I am flaky.
Phoebe : Yeah, totally.
Phoebe : That's great. Good for you guys.
Phoebe : Who said you were? Monica and
Phoebe : Oh, I'm flaky. I'll say anything.
Phoebe : Really? I've heard better.
Phoebe : (to Monica) Y'know, suddenly I find you very attractive. (Joey enters.)
Phoebe : Wow! That is a bad audition.
Phoebe : (returning from the bathroom) Rach, you're in my seat.
Phoebe : Hey, I never got to hear who you guys would pick to be your girlfriend.
Phoebe : Yeah, well, I kinda thought. (Phoebe gets up from the table, and while her back is turned, Rachel and Monica indicate via sign language that they each would have picked the other.) (Joey, Chandler and Ross enter.)
Phoebe : Yeah Joey that is so gross!
Phoebe : (giggles) I'm pretty. Opening Credits ?
Phoebe : Oh I do! (She grabs her huge purse and starts rummaging through it and taking out various items in a futile search for the gum.) Oh, y'know what? No. (Pause) Wait a second. (She removes a bag filled with water that has a goldfish swimming in it.) I know it's in here somewhere.
Phoebe : (To Ross) Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that's bitter?
Phoebe : Never mind, I got it.
Phoebe : Of course, yeah!
Phoebe : Ooh, I like cards.
Phoebe : Seriously, I don't Rachel's gonna think it's a good idea.
Phoebe : I would love that job!
Phoebe : Sorry Jill.
Phoebe : Oh well, all right, I got (Ross hands her a bag) (To Ross) thank you, I got uh, this y'know "I want a job sweater." (Holds up the same sweater.)
Phoebe : And, and then I got uh, these are apartment pants.
Phoebe : Yeah, you never heard of them?
Phoebe : What about, what about when I said y'know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I? (They both look at her.)
Phoebe : (gets up and sits between them) Okay-okay, why don't I sit here and you'll both stop it!
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Umm, I think there's something you should maybe know.
Phoebe : No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
Phoebe : Yeah I mean it's probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there.
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Okay then.
Phoebe : But great news about the apartment pants, huh?
Phoebe : (crying) Yeah me too. (We see the TV and it's the last scene where ET is saying goodbye.)
Phoebe : Oh y'know what's sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.
Phoebe : All right, what's going on there? (Points to a picture.)
Phoebe : Oh Chandler!
Phoebe : So that story doesn't make you cry?
Phoebe : Yeah? The
Phoebe : Yeah. The
Phoebe : Oh you're my biggest fan? I've always wanted to meet you! Hi! (Shakes his hand.) Sure! Yeah! (Signs the autograph) The
Phoebe : You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan. (The fan leaves and Joey approaches.) (To Joey) Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay? (Points) He's a fan. (To the fan as she's leaving) Bye! (Exits)
Phoebe : (entering) Hey! What's up? (Sees the TV) Oh my God! What am I doing?!! Commercial Break ?
Phoebe : It's Phoebe! Phoebe! (Ursula opens the door and is all dressed up with big hair and lingerie.)
Phoebe : (seeing her dress) Oh God. So-so you're making porn movies.
Phoebe : You're making one right now! Another Man's
Phoebe : And-and you're using my name!
Phoebe : Look, I'm talking right now! You're-you mean her.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you! (Yells into the apartment) And shame on all of you! You're disgusting! Especially you (points to someone) with that! (Storms away.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : So, I just came from the company Ursula works for.
Phoebe : No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay's checks; there were a lot of them.
Phoebe : Um-mmm, and I won't have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.
Phoebe : Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.
Phoebe : Yeah. (She notices some guy putting a coat on his girlfriend is trying to remember where he's seen her before.) (To him) You're trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I'll give you a hint. From porn! Okay? (He tries to rush his girlfriend out.) Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie! (To Joey) See?
Phoebe : Wow!
Phoebe : No! Barry and Mindy.
Phoebe : Which time?
Phoebe : What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?
Phoebe : Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
Phoebe : Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Ohh that's so sweet! (Her cell phone rings.) Oh! Hang on! (Quickly grabs a cigarette and starts to light it as her phone rings.) Hang onnnnnn!!! (Gets the cigarette lighted and answers the phone.) (On phone.) Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired. (She hangs up as Ross and Rachel enter.)
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Hang on! Hang on! Hang on! (Answering the phone.) Go!! Who's this? (Listens) Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name? (Listens) What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
Phoebe : (yelling from Monica's room) No-no!! No!!
Phoebe : No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
Phoebe : What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
Phoebe : (louder) My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can't breathe.
Phoebe : Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?
Phoebe : Then yes that is what I'm having. (Takes another puff of the cigarette.)
Phoebe : Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Phoebe : (To Ross) So what's going on with you?
Phoebe : Still going through that dry spell with Carol?
Phoebe : How long has it been since you had sex?
Phoebe : Oh that's not so bad.
Phoebe : That is.
Phoebe : Maybe you need to spice things up a little.
Phoebe : I don't know. You could tie her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other...
Phoebe : Y'know, dirty talk, mange-a-tois, toys...
Phoebe : Roll playing... You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Phoebe : Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching! (Ross looks at her.) It never happened.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, the doctor said that could be one of the side effects.
Phoebe : No! It's not a cigarette! The smoke is coming out of me!
Phoebe : Okay! Okay! (Puts it out and comes out of the bathroom.) I'm so glad you're here.
Phoebe : Oh, give it to me.
Phoebe : Give it! (He does a kara-tay move to silence her, then answers the phone.)
Phoebe : Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!
Phoebe : Thank God.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Well, I've got to get out of this bed, I'm going crazy here. Crazy!
Phoebe : What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea!
Phoebe : What are you two girls whispering about over there?!
Phoebe : Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here! (Points at Ross.)
Phoebe : I know! But if I didn't work there, what else would I do?
Phoebe : Yeah that was lucrative! Smart like your brother!
Phoebe : Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change-ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
Phoebe : I thought I'd try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I'll be back soon.
Phoebe : No. I've learned my lesson. (She goes out into the hall and when she's there and the door is closed; she rips off her robe to reveal her work clothes.)
Phoebe : Let's go! Come on! Move it! (Grabs her coat.) Come on! (To an old man who's holding her shoes and briefcase.) Shoes! Briefcase! (Takes them both.) Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder. (She leaves.) [Cut back to her room, Joey and Ross are sitting there waiting for her.]
Phoebe : Surprise! Look who's back!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Uh, I don't think so!
Phoebe : Jack!! Hey!
Phoebe : All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?
Phoebe : Nu-uh!
Phoebe : Oh, okay I didn't get that message. So this doesn't count-Anyway, I'll be in my office.
Phoebe : That's all right, I'll work here. This is goo, next to this plant. (She picks a place in the lobby next to a plant.)
Phoebe : You're in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake...
Phoebe : Oh, so this is all about money! Y'know it's bad enough that-Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding!
Phoebe : I'm having another heart attack!
Phoebe : I'm having another heart attack!! Call 9-1-1!!
Phoebe : (to Arthur, he's the guy calling 9-1-1) Dumbass!
Phoebe : Well, they fired me and I'm having heart attack.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this (she sticks her chest out and shakes it) goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Ohh! We went to a self-defense class today!
Phoebe : Now, we can kick anybody's ass!
Phoebe : Yeah it is! It is! It's freshwater eel!
Phoebe : (deadpan) Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
Phoebe : You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish? (Rachel laughs and Ross mocks her.)
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : Ooh, Joey, that's actually a really good idea!
Phoebe : You guys!
Phoebe : Oh, I love paper mache! What did you make?
Phoebe : What is that?
Phoebe : Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies! (She takes out a sock that's been made into a bunny with eyes, nose, mouth, whiskers, and two other socks sown onto it for ears.) Oh for crying out loud!
Phoebe : Now, it's you little bunny friend. (She sticks it in Rachel's face and they both laugh.)
Phoebe : Ross!!!
Phoebe : Ohh, you're a freak!!
Phoebe : Pat Sajak?
Phoebe : Alex Trebek?
Phoebe : Chuck Woolery?
Phoebe : Say we are unagi!
Phoebe : (stopping her) No Rachel! They got here first! (Ross appears at the window behind them crouched behind a garbage can and ready to spring his attack on who he thinks are Phoebe and Rachel. The camera cuts to the exterior view and Phoebe and Rachel call the shots from inside.)
Phoebe : Why is Ross doing that?
Phoebe : We should help him!
Phoebe : What's a Movement class?
Phoebe : Oh my God! How bad was it?
Phoebe : Coming through! (Has to dodge a fireman) Oh! Coming through! (Sees a cute one.) Oh! Hello! Hi! (Smiles then realizes) No! Right! Coming through! (They start to look around seeing that the living room is undamaged.)
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : Oh, it's bad. It's really bad. The only thing in there that isn't burned is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!
Phoebe : No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now. Fireman
Phoebe : Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It's me! It's me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
Phoebe : Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess (To Rachel) you should get to stay here.
Phoebe : Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.
Phoebe : What's that smell?
Phoebe : So did you sleep well last night?
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Y'know what Joey left on my pillow?
Phoebe : Gum! Fireman
Phoebe : Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle! Fireman
Phoebe : I don't use a curling iron. Fireman
Phoebe : Thanks Monica!
Phoebe : What the smell from Joey's? No, I can hardly smell it over here.
Phoebe : I can smell it a little, bake the pie.
Phoebe : Okay. (The phone rings and Monica answers it.)
Phoebe : Oh! (Takes the phone.) Hello? (Listens) Yeah this is Phoebe. (Listens) Really?! [Cut to Joey's, he's on the phone.]
Phoebe : Well, not much has changed in the last five minutes.
Phoebe : Oh that's all right. I'm still full from your homemade potato chips.
Phoebe : Okay. (Reaches for one.)
Phoebe : (gritting her teeth) Okay, I'll be out in a second.
Phoebe : That doesn't lock does it?
Phoebe : (entering) Hey! Hi!
Phoebe : (To Rachel) Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!
Phoebe : Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Phoebe : Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
Phoebe : Yeah she said something about crumbies.
Phoebe : (To Rachel) Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!
Phoebe : No but at Monica's you can eat cookies over the sink!
Phoebe : All right fine! This looks like so much fun. (Examining the bowl of wet paper towels.)
Phoebe : God, what a mess. (She grabs the bowl and heads for Monica's.)
Phoebe : Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
Phoebe : Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
Phoebe : Oh, sly.
Phoebe : (interrupting) Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Okay, I just thought of the perfect guy for Rachel to take to her thing.
Phoebe : Oh that's good, I guess she'll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
Phoebe : 'Cause that's just your taste.
Phoebe : Oh yeah?
Phoebe : My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these (She squeezes the skin on her chin together to form...)
Phoebe : A chin dimple!
Phoebe : Have you seen your guy's body?
Phoebe : Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, like there are police for that!
Phoebe : I know. (Laughs.)
Phoebe : Oh, Chandler funny?
Phoebe : My guy is well read.
Phoebe : My guy has great teeth!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : What did you do on yours?
Phoebe : Rachel, what the hell is this?!
Phoebe : You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!
Phoebe : Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
Phoebe : So, Sebastian, do you do any volunteer work?
Phoebe : No reason, it's just I know a single guy that cares about other people.
Phoebe : Well, so do a lot of people.
Phoebe : Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?" (Imitates him.) "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
Phoebe : Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special (whispers) if you pick my guy.
Phoebe : Okay sure!
Phoebe : Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.
Phoebe : Okay. (Ross returns.)
Phoebe : Ross, you can't tell her not to go. You just started dating.
Phoebe : Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.
Phoebe : This is Patrick. (Points to him.)
Phoebe : (looks) Oh my God, you're right! I am too late; they're sitting on the couch and talking! (To Patrick) Come on! (They go over to the couch.) Rachel?
Phoebe : This is Patrick.
Phoebe : Yeah, this is the guy I was telling you about.
Phoebe : Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what's underneath it.
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Oh! Okay! Yeah, that's okay. (To Patrick) Have a seat. (Sits Patrick down next to Rachel.)
Phoebe : Rachel? Patrick is really rich. (To Patrick) Give her some money.
Phoebe : Yeah, okay, let's talk it out.
Phoebe : Then why did she ask us to...
Phoebe : Rachel, we're sorry for pushing those guys on you.
Phoebe : Oh my God, look! That's Elizabeth! (Suddenly Ross jumps in and starts dancing with her.)
Phoebe : You've got to get out of here! Save yourself!
Phoebe : Don't worry about me, I'm a robot! I'm just a machine!!
Phoebe : (she stops reading from the script) Oh my God.
Phoebe : I am extremely talented!
Phoebe : (interrupting) No, I mean I was really acting my ass off.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, you're solid. Yeah, you're just no me.
Phoebe : (tremendously overacting) Fine! I'll do it without you! (Joey gives her thumbs up) I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own! (Joey closes the door to his bedroom.) You'll see!! You'll all see!! Opening Credits ?
Phoebe : I am.
Phoebe : (overacting with a song this time) (singing) Gooood luck! Gooood luck! We all wish you good luuuuuuuuck!!!
Phoebe : ? Well, he came in for a massage and everything was fine until... (The flashback shows Paulo lying face down on the massage table and slowly moving his hands up Phoebe's legs and grabbing her butt.)
Phoebe : ? And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. (The flashback shows Paulo rolling over and showing Phoebe his equipment.)
Phoebe : ? Oh, Boy Scouts could've camped under it! [The next flashback is from The One With Ross's Sandwich, Ross his confronting his boss about him eating Ross's sandwich.]
Phoebe : ? It's not that bad.
Phoebe : ? Chandler, Chandler.
Phoebe : Oh!? All right.? Now, let's not do this! (Rachel tackles Monica onto the couch.)
Phoebe : Happy thoughts!? Happy thoughts! (They wrestle on the couch for a little while until Monica gets the upper hand and pulls Rachel off of the couch by her sock.? Monica removes Rachel's sock and starts beating her with it.)This leads to wrestling on the floor. This finally angers Phoebe.)
Phoebe : OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass. (Phoebe grabs each of them by an ear.) Monica and
Phoebe : I know!? I know!? I know!
Phoebe : Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
Phoebe : There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches. [The next flashback is from The One Where No One's Ready.? Joey is retaliating against Chandler hiding his underwear by wearing a whole bunch of clothes.]
Phoebe : (overacting badly) I can't! My circuits are fried! They're fried I tell you!!
Phoebe : I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where'd Ross go?"
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : (To Ross) He's holding us back.
Phoebe : No! Joey, you're going to be great!
Phoebe : (in a sexy voice to Chandler) I'll be waiting. Opening Credits ?
Phoebe : No, I'm just deciding which one to use-I'm gonna start writing another book!
Phoebe : Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.
Phoebe : Oh, Rachel and I have appointments to get our hair cut.
Phoebe : I want to see what he wants first.
Phoebe : You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
Phoebe : Yeah. Not looking for dates. (Monica turns in horror.)
Phoebe : (sympathetic) Ohh!
Phoebe : (writing frantically) You guys, I'm sorry, could you please talk a little slower?
Phoebe : Yeah, it's about relationships. Y'know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!
Phoebe : And how none of it matters when the people really love each other. (Chandler and Monica kiss.) And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Well, why don't you just get him fired?
Phoebe : (writing in her book) "You wish."
Phoebe : I'm not writing about you! I'm writing about other people.
Phoebe : Marcia and Chester.
Phoebe : I see what you're doing!
Phoebe : Ooh, I have tasted my own medicine and it is bitter!
Phoebe : (Turning around in the chair) Hi!
Phoebe : I know what time you said.
Phoebe : Well actually, I know what time Chester and Marcia said.
Phoebe : Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it's my book to the rescue, huh? (Reading her book) Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
Phoebe : I will tell you as soon as you thank me for writing my book.
Phoebe : Thanks! So are you.
Phoebe : (reading from her book) Mon... (Pause as she restarts) Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they're supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it's at seven.
Phoebe : That's right.
Phoebe : (writing in her book) Marcia and Chester are mad at Phyllis.
Phoebe : (dejected) Hi, you guys.
Phoebe : Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
Phoebe : No! No! It's just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
Phoebe : Okay that's so generous!
Phoebe : Great! Okay then it's just us girls! Monica and
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : It's mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
Phoebe : Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
Phoebe : (gasps) Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me. (Giggles) Yeah I know; we'd be great together! (The dry cleaner finishes with the customer in front of Joey and they approach the counter.)
Phoebe : So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer's clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven't been cleaned yet? (The dry cleaner just stares at her and she retreats.)
Phoebe : Hey, and then lunch.
Phoebe : Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he's gonna tell you that he's gay?
Phoebe : No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right? (A museum official enters with another man and woman.) The Museum
Phoebe : Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list. (Rachel agrees.)
Phoebe : Me too!
Phoebe : I don't know, I don't have anyone right now. Y'know?
Phoebe : Don't feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn't gay.
Phoebe : Don't even get me started on yours!
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : No! Why?
Phoebe : Well for the regular guy, it's bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
Phoebe : What are you gonna do?
Phoebe : Rachel said that!
Phoebe : Oh! Here it is! (Noticing it next to the door.) Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?" (Son of a bitch is written across the entire picture.)
Phoebe : Okay, maybe ask this guy. The Dry
Phoebe : Well, what did he do? The Dry
Phoebe : Joey!
Phoebe : Well, we should go.
Phoebe : (entering from her room) Hey, did she buy it?
Phoebe : So did Heldi show you the place?
Phoebe : I can't believe you're gonna ask Monica to marry you!
Phoebe : Now, have you told anyone else?
Phoebe : You told me.
Phoebe : Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
Phoebe : Hey! So Chandler, wanna go to the coffeehouse?
Phoebe : Yeah, coffeehouse.
Phoebe : So how are things going with Paul?
Phoebe : That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
Phoebe : No that's what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
Phoebe : (To Rachel) Watch this.
Phoebe : Hi Paul!
Phoebe : So how are things going with you?
Phoebe : Yeah! That was so weird, huh?
Phoebe : I didn't do it! It was Chandler! He's... He's mad at you!
Phoebe : Please, I think you know why.
Phoebe : Come on Ross, you're a paleontologist, dig a little deeper.
Phoebe : Do you think that's something that he'd be mad at you for?
Phoebe : Well then I think that's it.
Phoebe : Oh, if that's what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.
Phoebe : Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! (Picks one up from the display in the corner.
Phoebe : Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
Phoebe : (coming over after returning the musket) Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out. Male
Phoebe : Or not, whatever. Male
Phoebe : Chandler, I-I will handle this! (To the jeweler) How much is it? Male
Phoebe : We will give you $10. Male
Phoebe : We stand firm at $10. Male
Phoebe : Okay. (To the jeweler) Listen, I'm sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10. Male
Phoebe : I'll give you $1 for them.
Phoebe : Okay umm, I'd also like to try on the tiara. (The male jeweler hands it to her.) Oh yeah. Okay. (Puts it on.) (To the jeweler) What do you think, too much? Male
Phoebe : Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again. (He hands it to her and Phoebe poses in front of one of those small mirrors.) Something's missing. It's not... Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out. Male
Phoebe : Oh my God!! (She runs after him, but sets of the security system, which locks the store's door and brings down a set of bars behind her, caging her in.) No! What?! Help me! Let me out! Now! (Points the musket at them.) Commercial Break ?
Phoebe : Chandler, I found the perfect ring. (Holding it out for her.)
Phoebe : Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. It's over!
Phoebe : Some guy bought it. I'm sorry. I tired to stop it but they (points to the jeweler) put me in jail!
Phoebe : The little jail between the doors!
Phoebe : I know, I'm sorry! But y'know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.
Phoebe : Maybe it was the guy.
Phoebe : (entering from her room) Hey.
Phoebe : It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
Phoebe : Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
Phoebe : Well you certainly can't give her that stupid gumball ring.
Phoebe : There he is! (Points.)
Phoebe : Wow! You're good! After this, we should solve crimes.
Phoebe : Oh, okay. (Walks over to him.) Excuse me sir? Could you come with me please? You have a phone call.
Phoebe : It is your office.
Phoebe : John?
Phoebe : (To Chandler) Here he is.
Phoebe : Wow! I would trade.
Phoebe : Yeah, do you want to break a dying woman's heart?
Phoebe : Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I'm not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity...
Phoebe : (entering) Hi.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Oh I know, I helped pick out the ring. (Chandler laughs, turns, and sees that Ross and Joey aren't happy.)
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : If she says no, can I have the ring?
Phoebe : If!
Phoebe : (with her mouthful) Hi Monica. (Monica goes into her room.)
Phoebe : It's gone.
Phoebe : (To Chandler) We're practically kissing. (Makes a kissy face and winks at him.) Opening Credits ?
Phoebe : Open bar?
Phoebe : I can do that for the kids.
Phoebe : Y'know, you are 12 years older than her.
Phoebe : Oh! Oop! (Hands him back the ring.)
Phoebe : Here.
Phoebe : So now what's going on here?
Phoebe : No, I know what a silent is I meant, what's going on with your hair?
Phoebe : No! It's nice! (Rachel's boss, Mr. Thompson walks up.) Mr.
Phoebe : Oh, hi. (They shake hands.)
Phoebe : Hey you guys! Look!
Phoebe : I got me some drinks!
Phoebe : Open bar!
Phoebe : You just can't stand anyone else enjoying themselves can't you? Mr.
Phoebe : Forget her! You enjoy this!! (Pulls him back up and starts applauding again. Joey waves and does a salute.]
Phoebe : Well, just buy the damn boat! (She's still working her way through her tray of booze.)
Phoebe : I'm just helping the kids!
Phoebe : Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink. Mr.
Phoebe : Oh, okay.
Phoebe : It's a trip for two! (She gets up and takes off her blouse-type thingy she's wearing over her dress.) Excuse me. (She walks over to table four.) Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table? Emil
Phoebe : Oh, enchantee. (She holds out her hand for him to kiss it, but he only shakes it.) [Cut to Joey and Rachel approaching table one.]
Phoebe : Ohh, let me see it! Let me see your hand! (Chandler is frantically trying to wave them off.)
Phoebe : I wanna see what's in your hand. I wanna see the trash.
Phoebe : Eww! Oh, it's all dirty. You should throw this out.
Phoebe : What happened?
Phoebe : Well, a palm reader, a manicurist, a hand doctor...
Phoebe : Good one! Yeah.
Phoebe : Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn't know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
Phoebe : Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you're scared of commitment! Convince her that you're a little coward!
Phoebe : No, you're too late!!! She already took out the trash!!!
Phoebe : I know, they're gonna be so happy together.
Phoebe : Not that often!
Phoebe : Me too! So happy for them!
Phoebe : Oh no! No God, definitely not jealous! (They both take a drink of coffee.)
Phoebe : Totally. I'm like 90/10.
Phoebe : Definitely!
Phoebe : What do you mean?
Phoebe : You mean a backup?
Phoebe : Yeah, yeah I got that.
Phoebe : Hm-mmm.
Phoebe : Joey.
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Yeah, I locked him years ago!
Phoebe : Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.
Phoebe : Ohh, yeah. I think his exact words were... (She makes two clicking sounds with her tongue and purrs.)
Phoebe : Well hey, it's just a backup.
Phoebe : Of course I can! It's just good sense to backup your backup! Look, I've already lost Chandler!
Phoebe : I don't-Look I don't know what you're complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation! (At the same time.)
Phoebe : Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna fly when we're married!
Phoebe : All right well let's see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat-This is hard!
Phoebe : No wait! Just-Okay-Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don't make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.
Phoebe : (To Rachel) I'm talking about massages.
Phoebe : Good! (Rachel mixes them up in her hands, moves them all around, and puts her hands behind her back.)
Phoebe : Left! (Rachel hands her the napkin in her left hand and they both unfold and read them.) Thank you.
Phoebe : (reading) Ross!
Phoebe : Yeah absolutely! (They both switch.)
Phoebe : Oh no wait no, this is wrong! Ross isn't here!
Phoebe : Oh no, let her stay out there. It?s sweet. [Cut to Monica.]
Phoebe : So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y?know, I?m kinda musical.
Phoebe : Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
Phoebe : Oh, 19! We thought you said 90! (They all politely laugh and stop just as quickly.)
Phoebe : Oh honey no, you ate it all.
Phoebe : Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay. (Singing) "First time I met Chandler, I thought he was gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
Phoebe : If you would?ve let me finish, it goes on to say that he?s probably not gay.
Phoebe : I?m sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out. (Gets ready to play.)
Phoebe : Really?! Oh that?s so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I?ll have to pound on you for a little bit.
Phoebe : Okay. (She goes to get ready.)
Phoebe : You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
Phoebe : What a great night, Chandler can?t do it, these guys kissed? (Points to Ross and Rachel.)
Phoebe : Well yeah, that and Chandler?s problem.
Phoebe : Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we?ll get us some Mai Thai?s, (To Chandler) maybe no more for you though.
Phoebe : Why?!
Phoebe : (she?s strumming something) Yeah? (Joey nods yes.) Okay, I think I?ll play it at the wedding.
Phoebe : Well, I don?t think Monica is gonna take this away.
Phoebe : Would she?
Phoebe : Okay, you said I could sing at your wedding so, I?m just gonna need a small deposit.
Phoebe : Y?know, just some good faith money to hold the date.
Phoebe : Oh, I see. (Exits angrily.) [Cut to the living room, Joey is eating a sandwich.)
Phoebe : Y?know, I don?t really their permission.
Phoebe : Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you? You gotta do something about your eyes.
Phoebe : They give you away! There?s just-there?s just too much wisdom in there. (Joey nods in agreement.) Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
Phoebe : Maybe just 10 minutes for you. [Cut back to Monica and Chandler?s room, they are making out again as there?s another knock on the door.]
Phoebe : (singing, angrily) "Whenever I get married, guess who won?t get to sing? Somebody named Geller! And somebody else named Bing!" (Exits.)
Phoebe : (singing) "We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That?s right, I?m here all night, and Chandler will never get l?"
Phoebe : Oh thank you.
Phoebe : It starts?
Phoebe : That is so smart! (To Chandler, under her breath) Break it off. Break it off now. Opening Credits
Phoebe : Hey! Ross!
Phoebe : I need to talk to you, it's pretty urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
Phoebe : Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Phoebe : Nothing-Why?!
Phoebe : Oh yeah it is! I'm going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.
Phoebe : (to the students) Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?
Phoebe : Oh Ross, hi.
Phoebe : I'm sorry, I'm with a client right now.
Phoebe : Okay, let's talk outside. (They go into the hall.)
Phoebe : What's the big deal? I did it at Monica and Chandler's!
Phoebe : (pause as she considers it) Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?
Phoebe : Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
Phoebe : (gasps) My God! What did you order?!
Phoebe : Look, why don't you just pay for it yourself?
Phoebe : (reading the slip of paper) Wow! (In a sultry voice) Hello, Mr. Chandler.
Phoebe : Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.
Phoebe : (entering) Ross! How could you do that to an old man?!
Phoebe : My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
Phoebe : He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.
Phoebe : Well, he's never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
Phoebe : Oh, it's my fault?! You didn't have to massage him! You could've sent him away! You could've not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
Phoebe : So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
Phoebe : Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.
Phoebe : You mean the chocolate chip cookie recipe?
Phoebe : You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
Phoebe : Break my heart?Oh, all right.
Phoebe : If you don?t sail your boat, what do you do on it?
Phoebe : Your own boat?
Phoebe : I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
Phoebe : (pauses as he figures out how to answer that) Because I?m normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
Phoebe : Okay, here I wish you health and happiness. (She hands Monica a cookie in a plastic baggie.)
Phoebe : See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.
Phoebe : Why not?
Phoebe : Really?!
Phoebe : You do?
Phoebe : That and arrogance.
Phoebe : No-wait-no-no!!!!!!!
Phoebe : I can?t believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother?s legacy is this crumb. (She picks it up with her finger and holds it out to Monica.) I wish you a long and happy marriage.
Phoebe : Come on, it?s not that big a deal!
Phoebe : Oh, what was that for? Like a bake sale?
Phoebe : Yeah, but not as good as batch 17.
Phoebe : Are there anymore from the good batch? ?Cause we could just work off of those.
Phoebe : Y?know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we?re trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she?s l-l-lookin? up at us and smiling right now.
Phoebe : Oh yeah?No, she was really nice to me, but she?s in hell for sure.
Phoebe : Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that?s not happening ?til October 15th, 2032.
Phoebe : That?s what you think.
Phoebe : Well, y?know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
Phoebe : Nesele Toulouse.
Phoebe : Oh, you Americans always butcher the French language.
Phoebe : (reading the recipe on the back of the bag) Yes!! (Realizes.) Ohh.
Phoebe : I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why (Looking down) you?re burning in hell!!
Phoebe : I don?t know. I don?t know. I can?t lie to him again. Oh no I?no! I?m just gonna press my breasts up against him.
Phoebe : Uh-huh, yeah that?s right.
Phoebe : What? You mean behind my back?
Phoebe : Oh, that?s great!!
Phoebe : (gasps) Oh God!
Phoebe : Oh hey!
Phoebe : Ahhh!!
Phoebe : (To Monica) Anyway, I should go. Okay, bye.
Phoebe : Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don?t hire an assistant because they?re cute, you hire them because they?re qualified.
Phoebe : Let?s see. (Looking at the picture) Oh my God! Oh? But no! No! You can?t-you can?t hire him, because that?it?s not professional. Umm, this is for me (The picture) yes? Thanks. (Puts it in her pocket.)
Phoebe : Hey?Ooh, how?s Hilda? Is she working out?
Phoebe : Sorry.
Phoebe : What happened?
Phoebe : You! An actor?! That?s madness!
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : You must be Hilda.
Phoebe : Oh, you like that? You should hear my phone number.
Phoebe : So you hired yourself a little treat did ya?
Phoebe : But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Phoebe : Oh Willie?s still alive!
Phoebe : Oh my God! That?s the creep that you?re with at the Statue of Liberty.
Phoebe : Hey, why don?t you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.
Phoebe : Yeah that?s great! Next to that, Chandler won?t look so stupid.
Phoebe : (returning) Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
Phoebe : He is! But he?s getting divorced?Ross! Maybe you know him.
Phoebe : You don?t have to be back for a half-hour!
Phoebe : So you wouldn?t mind if he was dating someone else?
Phoebe : I?m having a really good time! Hums While He
Phoebe : Ohh. No that?s okay, he?s a friend. Hums While He
Phoebe : Yeah, I? Well y?know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I?d just be lost. Hums While He
Phoebe : Okay, don?t freak out. I?ll go. Hums While He
Phoebe : Okay, I know. Hold on. (She walks over to the couch.) Hey Ross?
Phoebe : Yeah, umm that?s Whitney (Points), Kyle?s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y?know divert her so that we can slip out?
Phoebe : Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals. (She holds up the tickets that Kyle gave her.)
Phoebe : Hi Ginger.
Phoebe : I don?t have it!
Phoebe : Ugh, okay Sherlock! (Hands over the key.)
Phoebe : All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though for diverting Kyle?s ex.
Phoebe : Okay. (Ross opens the door to reveal Whitney standing there.)
Phoebe : (To Ross) Kyle?s ex-wife? You were supposed to divert her not date her!
Phoebe : Watching ballroom dancing?
Phoebe : Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.
Phoebe : Like she?s really mean, and she?s over critical, and-and?No! She will paint a room a really bright color without even checking with you!
Phoebe : And! She uses sex as a weapon!
Phoebe : You?re still gonna go out with her?!
Phoebe : Well, didn?t you just hear what I said?!
Phoebe : (interrupting him) No listen to me! She is crazy!
Phoebe : You see? Nothing is good enough for her!
Phoebe : Hi.
Phoebe : So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Phoebe : Yeah well, maybe she should?ve spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
Phoebe : You think he?s emotionally unavailable?
Phoebe : Well, maybe he wouldn?t be she didn?t bring the office home every night!
Phoebe : Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year?s Eve 1997.
Phoebe : (gets up and starts to leave) We want the last six years back!!
Phoebe : Oh, I?m sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how?s Whitney?
Phoebe : Oh he knows! (Quietly) For the most part. (Kyle and Whitney enter.)
Phoebe : Both of you together?
Phoebe : What about her whining and her constant need for attention?!
Phoebe : Oh right, because you?re so capable of change.
Phoebe : Yeah, and y?know what? I don?t give a tiny rat?s ass.
Phoebe : Oh. Y?know, he hums while he does other stuff to.
Phoebe : And y?know, even if they break up again, you?d better not let him in your sad men?s club!
Phoebe : Potato, Potaato. (She?s pronounces potato with the both the short and long As.) Ending Credits
Phoebe : Ooh, let?s see it!
Phoebe : You guys make a very attractive couple. (The camera cuts to a shot of the picture and we see that Monica is posing with Joey instead of Chandler.)
Phoebe : I hope it?s you.
Phoebe : Yes!!! Oh!!
Phoebe : Still.
Phoebe : Yeah, I?ll do that. So who gets to be yours?
Phoebe : Wh-why is that the best part?
Phoebe : Aww, and good luck to you too! (To Monica and Rachel) What a nice lady! Opening Credits
Phoebe : Hey Rachel?
Phoebe : Umm, when I get married will you be my maid of honor?
Phoebe : Uh-hmm.
Phoebe : Oh! Well, if that?s what you want?
Phoebe : But why does it even matter?!
Phoebe : Because this one is now! And-and it?s two of our best friends! Who knows what you?re gonna marry!
Phoebe : (gasps) You wouldn?t! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I?ve never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you?ve done it at least twice!
Phoebe : And no, oh please, oh please let me finish. (Rachel stops talking.) Oh I guess that was it.
Phoebe : Oh, thank you so much! (They hug.) Okay.
Phoebe : Oh I know.
Phoebe : See? This is exactly why you shouldn?t lie!
Phoebe : Na-uh, I am!
Phoebe : Because I cared enough to lie!
Phoebe : What are you talking about?
Phoebe : Okay, so after this audition, who decides who gets it?
Phoebe : (To Rachel) Well, it?s better than us deciding.
Phoebe : No! Coins hate me!
Phoebe : Hey there, you handsome thing. (Rachel and Phoebe exit.)
Phoebe : Ugh, what a kiss ass.
Phoebe : Yes! Your honor?
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : Hey! Do you want do you want a little taste of Pheebs?!
Phoebe : Okay, I can?t believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked. (Raises her glass and drinks.) (Joey and Ross pause while they picture the event.)
Phoebe : Really?! I won!
Phoebe : The coins have finally forgiven me!
Phoebe : (running after her) Rach, it?s gonna be okay! (To Ross and Joey) You guys are the best!
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : That?s ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once. (Rachel looks at her.) Oh, you mean today.
Phoebe : Oh yeah!
Phoebe : Oh that?s so sweet thanks.
Phoebe : Ohh.
Phoebe : This stuff is great!
Phoebe : Y?know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica?s made of honor.
Phoebe : Because I think it means more to you.
Phoebe : Its fine. I mean, this is something that you?ve been thinking about since you were what, 14? (She?s referring to the Halloween picture.)
Phoebe : (looking at the picture again) Man alive!
Phoebe : Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
Phoebe : Okay!
Phoebe : And call me!
Phoebe : We want you to marry her!
Phoebe : She is so amazing! You have no idea.
Phoebe : Joey, she?s so cool. She speaks four languages.
Phoebe : Yeah, but you always say that.
Phoebe : Whatever.
Phoebe : Secret affair!
Phoebe : (entering with Erin) Oh. Hey!
Phoebe : Oh no.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Yay!! Oh so, you?re not, you?re not mad at us anymore?
Phoebe : Didn?t you sleep together?
Phoebe : Then change it back!
Phoebe : No spark? Didn?t you sleep together?
Phoebe : Does Joey have any idea?
Phoebe : Yeah, you mean like that you?re kind of a loner.
Phoebe : Yeah, and maybe that you?re a real (She says something in Italian, and it doesn?t matter what she said. It?s not important so I don?t need everyone who speaks Italian telling me what she said.)
Phoebe : Oh well, I guess Italian isn?t one of the four languages you speak.
Phoebe : No, just a regular old flying dwarf.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : So how was, how was your date?
Phoebe : Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
Phoebe : Hey Joey, y?know what? You are way to good for her.
Phoebe : Shhhh!
Phoebe : Oh, I got tired of naming states. So I decided to list the types of celery, and I have
Phoebe : Regular Celery! (Starts to write that on her list) Oh, I already have that. (She gets up and heads for her room)
Phoebe : Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.
Phoebe : Oh, it's not!
Phoebe : It's just my knitting that's all! (A dog sticks its head out of Phoebe's bag. Everyone looks puzzled.) Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.
Phoebe : (answering the phone) Hi Geller-Bing residence. How can I help?
Phoebe : I'm sorry, who's this?
Phoebe : No, there's no dog here?
Phoebe : Oh my god! Where are you? (Looks around.)
Phoebe : (Phoebe hangs up and someone knocks on the door. She gasps.) They're here already? How are they doing this?
Phoebe : There's no dog in here. [The dog barks.]
Phoebe : No that's just me coughing! (Doing some weird coughing noises and the dog barks again. Phoebe comes out of the room.) Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
Phoebe : Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait. (She bends down, picks up the dog, and waves with one of its paws) Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
Phoebe : That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
Phoebe : Why?
Phoebe : Are you crazy?
Phoebe : Why?
Phoebe : You don't like ice cream?
Phoebe : All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross?s. We'll be back in a minute. (Gets up with Monica to do so.)
Phoebe : Oh, I'd say about a month.
Phoebe : (doing Clunkers) Please don't leave me, I'll be lonely.
Phoebe : Yeah, okay. [They both get up and head for the door. Clunkers whines a little]
Phoebe : You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
Phoebe : I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.
Phoebe : Yeah, but you kinda knew that something was going on, didn't you?
Phoebe : Where's Chandler?
Phoebe : Wash your hands!!!
Phoebe : (interrupts him) No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom.
Phoebe : See, this is exactly what we do not have time for. (She rushes into her room)
Phoebe : (opens her bedroom door and peeks out) Hey, is Chandler here?
Phoebe : Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look whose back! [The dog barks, runs out of Phoebe's room and jumps onto the couch]
Phoebe : Oh no, the dog's not going to be there!
Phoebe : (interrupts her, to Monica) Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
Phoebe : We have good news, look whose back!
Phoebe : It's a Thanksgiving miracle!
Phoebe : Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in?(Realizes, that Chandler starts to not believing her) I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped? [Time lapse, after dinner. Ross stands up from his self-made map.]
Phoebe : His first big kid?s bike, this is so exciting!
Phoebe : I never had a bike of my own.
Phoebe : Well, we didn?t have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
Phoebe : No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front. (They?re all speechless) So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Phoebe : Not really, I got to drag him around too! (They all nod, "Oh.") Opening Credits
Phoebe : Yeah, and they?ve been coming by all day. They love it!
Phoebe : Sure!
Phoebe : (gasps) Oh my God Ross!!
Phoebe : I love it!!
Phoebe : Ohh!! Ohh!! And I love you!
Phoebe : Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
Phoebe : Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I?ve ever gotten.
Phoebe : (starts to leave, but stops) Oh and Chandler?s about to cry.
Phoebe : Oh hi!
Phoebe : Ohh, uh-huh so much!
Phoebe : Of course!
Phoebe : Okay. (The gang is giggles then Phoebe gets the bike out of the rack, gets on, pushes off, rolls a few feet, and falls over.) See? Commercial Break
Phoebe : (hopping off the bike) Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat?or a beanbag chair!
Phoebe : Why? Why do I have to learn?
Phoebe : What kind of an emergency?
Phoebe : Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
Phoebe : You won?t let go?
Phoebe : Swear?!
Phoebe : (thinks it over) Okay.
Phoebe : All right.
Phoebe : Well?
Phoebe : Okay. (Does so.)
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Weee!!! (Ross pushes her and lets go.)
Phoebe : Oh! Oh! Oh no!! You swore!
Phoebe : I am shocked! Shocked!! (She storms off leaving Ross to defend himself from the angry looks from onlookers.)
Phoebe : (seeing him) Oh, hello liar.
Phoebe : I could?ve been killed I hope you know!
Phoebe : Well, I would love to but?the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects. (Ross just happens to have his hand on a sheet that is covering something that suspiciously looks like a bike.)
Phoebe : What?! (Ross rings the bell.) What the hell?!
Phoebe : What?! Why?!
Phoebe : All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
Phoebe : (sarcastically) Okay Ross! (Ross exits and she says quietly to the bike) Please don?t die!
Phoebe : I can?t believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I?d be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
Phoebe : (entering carrying a skull) Hey!
Phoebe : Haaaa... (Puts the skull on the table) ... ahhhh!
Phoebe : Huh?
Phoebe : Oh, yeah, it's my mom's.
Phoebe : No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it. (She grabs the skull, pulls out a stick of licorice, and takes a bite.)
Phoebe : And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die.
Phoebe : (entering) Oh, hey, you guys!
Phoebe : Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Phoebe : Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news.
Phoebe : Yeah, why not?
Phoebe : Why do you think, she's having so much fun living with Joey?
Phoebe : Really? So she said, she didn?t wanna live with me anymore?
Phoebe : You're sure? You're absolutely sure?
Phoebe : Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word. (Chandler and Monica look surprised) Kind of what ?probably? really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y?know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y?know? You gotta take care of yourselves! (She starts to walk out) In this world history teaches us nothing! (Exits)
Phoebe : So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y?know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Phoebe : That's fun. (She exits disappointedly.) Commercial Break
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Hey! (she sits down next to him)
Phoebe : Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
Phoebe : Maybe on some level.
Phoebe : (entering with an aquarium covered by a towel) Hey, Joey, I got you another present. (She puts it on the counter)
Phoebe : It's a?tarantula! (Joey almost falls down from his drum-stool jumping up) Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
Phoebe : (sarcastic) Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here. (She turns around, about to leave)
Phoebe : Our apartment is ready.
Phoebe : Because you would rather live here with Joey.
Phoebe : Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
Phoebe : Hm?
Phoebe : (nods along) Fish!
Phoebe : Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here?
Phoebe : We did have fun, didn't we?
Phoebe : Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight.
Phoebe : Yay, okay!
Phoebe : Great, all right, okay, and Monica ask me to make the drumming stop.
Phoebe : Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they?ve made so many changes I can?t even feel my grandmother?s presence anymore?Ooh! New sconces!
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Oh no! (She runs to see.) (Running back, excitedly) Oh! Wow!!!
Phoebe : Well, I guess we?ll just have to put the wall back up.
Phoebe : There?s a skylight?! (Runs to see and yells from the bedroom.) Wow!!
Phoebe : (returning slowly) Y?know I?m-I?m sensing that um, my grandmother would not be comfortable with that.
Phoebe : A little bit, yeah.
Phoebe : You heard her too?! You have the gift!
Phoebe : Are you sure?
Phoebe : Oh me too.
Phoebe : No, I do not hear that.
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Oh. (They both go over to light the candles.)
Phoebe : Okay, I understand why Superman is here, but why is there a porcupine at the Easter Bunny?s funeral? Ending Credits
Phoebe : Absolutely!
Phoebe : Okay. (Joey exits.)
Phoebe : Oh, I have dinner plans with Joey. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you guys.
Phoebe : Duly noted.
Phoebe : Joseph Francis Tribbiani are you home yet?!!
Phoebe : Well, I?ll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note. (Hands it to Rachel.)
Phoebe : Oh that?s a nickname we were trying out.
Phoebe : Oh! Here?s Joseph Francis!
Phoebe : So what?! That doesn?t give you the right to ditch me!
Phoebe : I don?t accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can?t just be a way to kill time ?til you meet someone better! Y?know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this (Motions that their friendship) is for life!
Phoebe : Well, it does.
Phoebe : Okay, you wore me down.
Phoebe : (gasps) (whispering) Oh my God! That?s David!
Phoebe : David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
Phoebe : Oh, you say someone?s name enough, they turn around.
Phoebe : David! (He kisses her cheek) What-what are you doing here? Aren?t you supposed to be in Russia?
Phoebe : Well? Yeah. You look great too. Did you get a haircut?
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : Well, of course I would want to see you. I?I think about you all the time.
Phoebe : Really?
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : (excited) Yes! Oh no!
Phoebe : I can?t. I can?t believe I have plans, I can?t. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
Phoebe : Uh-huh. (They go over and talk.)
Phoebe : Well, I have plans with Joey tonight.
Phoebe : No he won?t. And that?s not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y?know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don?t have my principles, I don?t have anything!
Phoebe : Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at
Phoebe : Hey! The
Phoebe : Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water?s fine. The
Phoebe : Okay. The
Phoebe : Oh Joey, we?ve heard the specials three times! Okay? There?s prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli. (She grabs his menu and hands it to the waiter.) The
Phoebe : Huh?
Phoebe : (checking her watch) Yeah, I?m very wise. I know.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : God Joey, this is taking forever!
Phoebe : W-w?I just?it?s that?I have?y?know I have-I have an appointment. And it?s very important.
Phoebe : Well? It?s a date.
Phoebe : Come on Joey, don?t make me feel badly about this.
Phoebe : That?It?s not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he?s very special to me.
Phoebe : She was?
Phoebe : Okay, whatever. Y?know what? I don?t have time have time to convince you because he?s only here for four hours, and I?m gonna go see him! (Gets up and leaves.)
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Yeah! (She exits.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, I wouldn?t miss this.
Phoebe : Oh, you?re such a gentleman. (Grabs his arm.) Come on! We?re going to my place! (Drags him off to her place.)
Phoebe : Are you sure? I?ll bet there?s another flight to Minsk in like?
Phoebe : That?s really beautiful. What does it mean?
Phoebe : That?s good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
Phoebe : You?re right! You?re right. Don?t say it.
Phoebe : I do too. (They kiss.)
Phoebe : (seeing him) Okay, now?s not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
Phoebe : No I?m not okay. The only guy I?ve ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never?I may never see him again. (Crying.)
Phoebe : Oh right, like they?re gonna let me have a passport.
Phoebe : Well?But?Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y?know before he does, then he can come back. (They hug again.)
Phoebe : (looking up) There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn?t Mother Nature amazing?
Phoebe : Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that?s pretty amazing too.
Phoebe : Oh! I won?t say, ?no? to a movie!
Phoebe : Shh! Get me out of here.
Phoebe : (crossing her fingers and closing her eyes) Please don?t be a space ship. Please don?t be a space ship. (She turns on the light and looks around and finds that it?s the smoke detector that?s beeping.) Oh thank God! (She moves a chair over and starts to investigate how to make the beeping turn off, in frustration she yanks the thing off of the wall. She sets it down and heads for bed, just as she gets there it beeps again. She opens the cover and removes the battery, but it still beeps.) How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can? Smoke
Phoebe : Don?t interrupt me!!
Phoebe : Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here. (She points at each as she says it.) Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do? (She picks up a shoe and proceeds to pummel the smoke detector. She then gets up and heads to bed, stops, quickly turns around, and is satisfied that the beeping has stopped.) Well done, Pheebs. (She resumes her trek to bed, but is stopped at the entrance to the hallway by the now steady and extremely loud tone emanating from the smoke detector.) (Yelling.) What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Phoebe : Okay, this is where you and I part ways. (She drops the blanket into the chute.) Noisy bitch!
Phoebe : Oh my God! How did you get back here?! A Disembodied
Phoebe : (scared) Fire alarm? (She opens the door to reveal a fireman holding the blanket with the smoke detector.) Oh! Hi, officer?fireman, can-can I help you? The
Phoebe : That?s not mine. The
Phoebe : How do you know? The
Phoebe : Okay do you?Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America! The
Phoebe : Fine! (She takes the blanket.) But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off! The
Phoebe : There?s a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you! (He exits and she goes to shut it off.) There?s a reset button! My God! Why didn?t I see that! (She takes off the plastic cover and looks for the button.) Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button? (Finds it.) Oh here it is! (Picks it up off of the floor.) Oh! (She presses it hard, but of course it would help if the button was still attached to the detector. In frustration she presses it so hard it causes pain in her thumb.) Ohh, God!
Phoebe : What? What happened to the window in the attic?!
Phoebe : I can?t believe I still don?t know what happened to the window in the attic! (Ross calls his parents on his cell phone.)
Phoebe : (entering) Hey.
Phoebe : Ugh, I hate this year!
Phoebe : Well okay, it?s already February and I?ve only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
Phoebe : Oh that?s right!
Phoebe : Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y?know, I probably wouldn?t have to say spank as much. (Monica and Ross are shocked.)
Phoebe : Oh yeah, like you never called!
Phoebe : Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
Phoebe : Oh okay. Umm, all right. (Picks up the phone and starts reading from the script.) Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
Phoebe : Umm, okay I would like to talk to you about your toner needs.
Phoebe : Oh okay, well I?m sorry to bother you. Bye-bye. (Hangs up the phone.) Yeah you?re right, this is easy.
Phoebe : Oh well, all right?um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : No. (Pause) Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
Phoebe : (on phone) Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please? (Listens) Earl, thanks. (Listens) Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I?d like to talk to you about your toner needs. (She?s reading from the script.) [Cut to Earl?s office, who is played by Jason Alexander, George from Seinfeld. They cut back and forth between Phoebe?s and Earl?s offices with each of their lines.]
Phoebe : I?m hearing what you?re saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
Phoebe : May I ask why?
Phoebe : I surely do!
Phoebe : (doesn?t have any luck) Umm, is-is that because you?re out of toner? Commercial Break
Phoebe : No-no wait-wait! I can?t just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Phoebe : Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
Phoebe : Chandler?
Phoebe : No look, I-I?m sure that people know you exist!
Phoebe : Earl, you?re not hearing me! All I?m saying is that you?re not alone all right? Everybody hates the people they work with! (One of her coworkers overhears that, and she mimes that she didn?t mean him.)
Phoebe : Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
Phoebe : All right so Earl, let?s just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there?s gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
Phoebe : Oh sorry, boyfriend!
Phoebe : No, whatever! Anything! The "Hey Guy"
Phoebe : Yeah, he?s gotta go.
Phoebe : No! I?m not finished yet! Don?t! Don?t you dare hang up on me!!!
Phoebe : (to Marge) Excuse me! Can you tell me where I can find Earl? He?s the supply manager around here.
Phoebe : (goes over to his desk) Earl! I?m Phoebe.
Phoebe : Umm, look it, you-you can?t kill yourself.
Phoebe : No-no I can?t! I can?t let you do it!
Phoebe : Because it was fate that made me call you today!
Phoebe : No! Think about it okay? This isn?t even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you?re my first call! And-and somebody else might?ve hung up on you, but I wouldn?t do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
Phoebe : Yes.
Phoebe : I?m not gonna give you tips! Look don?t you see that this-this?this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
Phoebe : No, it?s fate!
Phoebe : Oh. Well umm, okay here?s a weird thing. My mother was also a supply manager.
Phoebe : Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
Phoebe : Sure! (Thinks.) Umm, where are you from?
Phoebe : Oh my God! So was she! Oh, I?ve got-I?ve got goose bumps. (She holds out her arm.)
Phoebe : Well, y?know I?m wearing layers and it?s warm.
Phoebe : But if?no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Phoebe : Y?know, I don?t-I don?t think it?s you. This is a freaky place. (To All) Hey! Guys! (Everyone looks up.) (To Earl) Oh no, it?s you.
Phoebe : Rachel! Come on out! Monica made breakfast!
Phoebe : Yeah, but you shouldn?t compare yourself to me. [Flashback
Phoebe : I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That?s it!! That?s everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!! (They all cheer again.) And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean. (Rachel and Monica look intrigued and as they all head into Central Perk, Rachel picks up the hippity-hop that Phoebe left behind.)
Phoebe : Oh, well get in line missy. (To Ross) So, can I have a ride stud?
Phoebe : (getting out) Okay, who?s next?
Phoebe : Really?! ?Cause y?know that hurts.
Phoebe : Least of all you.
Phoebe : (running up) Okay. Okay, here?s what we?re gonna do. Okay, I?m gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go. (She opens her coat and reveals that thing car thieves use to break into cars as Ross jumps in behind the wheel. She inserts the device, unlocks the door, opens it, and the alarm goes off.) Haul ass!!!! (Runs off.) (The rest of the gang runs away, except for Ross who?s tramped inside his car. To hide he puts the top up as Monica, Rachel, and Joey come running past.)
Phoebe : Happy thirtieth birthday! Here! (Hands her the hippity-hop.) It?s for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
Phoebe : Because it?s our thirtieth birthday.
Phoebe : Wait! (Knocks on the door and Ursula opens it.)
Phoebe : Yeah. What?!
Phoebe : Nu-uh!
Phoebe : You have your birth certificate?
Phoebe : Our mom.
Phoebe : Do you have my birth certificate?
Phoebe : (reading the certificate) Oh my God! Oh my God, we are 31.
Phoebe : I just lost a whole year of my life.
Phoebe : Your middle name is Pamela?
Phoebe : Well, I never knew mine. Do you remember what it is?
Phoebe : That?s my first name.
Phoebe : Hey, what?s going on?
Phoebe : Yay! I love drunk Monica!
Phoebe : Ohh! All right! All right. Here?s what we?ll do, I?ll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one?s will even notice her. (Chandler walks over to where the rest of the gang is.)
Phoebe : Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
Phoebe : If you could do that, I?d marry the hippity-hop.
Phoebe : (clinking two glasses together) Speech! Speech! Let?s hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Phoebe : Don?t you see? Everyone?s looking at me! The plan?s working! I didn?t even have to take off my top yet! Mrs.
Phoebe : (screaming) Wooo!! Hoo!!
Phoebe : (To Joey) Okay quick, help me get this off! (Motions to her top.)
Phoebe : I lost a whole year! I can?t believe it! This is so unfair!
Phoebe : Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31?
Phoebe : Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I?I haven?t done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
Phoebe : Like okay I-I-I, I haven?t met any Portuguese people! I, I haven?t had the perfect kiss! And I haven?t been to sniper?s school!
Phoebe : No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I?ll see you guys later. Thanks. (Gets up and exits.)
Phoebe : Oh yeah. (Joey starts to walk away, but stops.)
Phoebe : Oh! (Phoebe walks away smiling.)
Phoebe : You did the right thing.
Phoebe : (Clears Throat) Rach, so, that guy there. Straight or gay?
Phoebe : Yeah? Why?
Phoebe : Oh no not that guy there. That guy right there. (Pointing to an attractive man sitting at a table behind them.)
Phoebe : (A woman with large breasts walks in the door) Ohh knockers will help us figure it out. (She walks by and he checks her out.)
Phoebe : Ohh, he left his cell phone.
Phoebe : Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Phoebe : Yeah? That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone. (They both get up.)
Phoebe : I don't know. I haven't been out on a date in so long.
Phoebe : That wasn?t a date! That was, that was just friends getting together?(quietly) having sex.
Phoebe : No way! No way! You just broke with Tag a week ago.
Phoebe : Nice try.
Phoebe : I don?t know. (They edge closer to the phone on the table.)
Phoebe : Ah-ha! Too cocky!
Phoebe : Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
Phoebe : (handing Rachel the phone) Fine all right, but I?d bet you?d be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
Phoebe : Ohh, I lost my mom to suicide.
Phoebe : Did I use that already today? I?m sorry.
Phoebe : Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that?s one for you.
Phoebe : So you don?t know that?s Barney?s the store! That can be y?know his friend?s house, or a bar. Who has Barney?s the store on their speed dial?
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Good.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Ooh, now you lost me.
Phoebe : No I didn?t!
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : That is a different phone.
Phoebe : That is damning evidence. (The cute guy?s phone rings.)
Phoebe : (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Yes, I?m the one who found your phone.
Phoebe : (To Rachel) Shhh! I?m on a call! (On phone) Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say
Phoebe : Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
Phoebe : Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just?be alone y?know to think about my mom and her suicide.
Phoebe : What?! That?s the first time today!
Phoebe : Whoa! Why do you get to answer the door?
Phoebe : Because it?s my apartment!
Phoebe : Okay. All right. (Hands her the phone.) Good luck explaining all the calls to China. (Phoebe opens the door and Tom, an older gentleman with white hair, enters.)
Phoebe : (To Rachel) Wow! How long were we arguing for?
Phoebe : Could you-could you umm, give us one second?
Phoebe : Wh-what do we do?
Phoebe : Can you believe this? (Rachel exhales in amazement.) We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
Phoebe : Hmm, they just don?t make ?em like that anymore!
Phoebe : Rachel, listen?I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
Phoebe : Yeah! You?re such a great friend!
Phoebe : Oh that?d be me. Sir. (Hands him the cell phone.) After you.
Phoebe : (whispering) Nice!
Phoebe : Eeee!!! Eee!! Eee!! (Monica (Courtney Cox) and Chandler (Matthew Perry) are laughing. That then causes Lisa and Jennifer come out of character and start laughing hysterically. And that finally causes David Schwimmer to come out of character and start laughing as well. Matthew decides to sing along now as well.) Matthew
Phoebe : (returning with Joey) With what?
Phoebe : Oo! You should have one of us do it!
Phoebe : No! No! It?s-it?s uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
Phoebe : Yes! A friend of mine did it and it?s totally legal!
Phoebe : What?! No! It was my idea!
Phoebe : Oh, I have a headache. A horrible headache!
Phoebe : Oh my God, you?ve got to stop chattering!
Phoebe : What is it?
Phoebe : Oh no, I don?t believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here. (She?s pinching the bit of skin between her right thumb and forefinger with her left hand.) Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks. (Takes the pills.)
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : It?s amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?
Phoebe : Oh, I love you Hexadrin! (She kisses the box.) Oh look! It comes with a story! (She pulls out the instructions and side affects paper.)
Phoebe : Say what?
Phoebe : Oh my God! (Starts reading them.) Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache?Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don?t recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I?m sorry, extra strength death capsules!
Phoebe : Why?
Phoebe : I have liver damage. Ow! Oh! (She grabs the left side of her torso.)
Phoebe : Okay, then I must be disoriented.
Phoebe : I feel like my face is swelling. (To Monica) Is my face swelling?
Phoebe : Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one! (Holds up the warning label.)
Phoebe : Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
Phoebe : Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side affects!
Phoebe : Yeah, it?s totally meant to be. (To Monica) Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
Phoebe : (To Joey) What?!
Phoebe : I know! Robin is so gay!
Phoebe : I?m really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two (Points to Monica and Joey) actually had hooked up.
Phoebe : (still reading the label) Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill! (Checks her watch) That?s it! I?m out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
Phoebe : Since when are you into swing music?
Phoebe : What is your job?
Phoebe : (wearing a veil) Am I crazy or does this totally go?! (Monica enters from the dressing room wearing her gown.)
Phoebe : (To Rachel) Thank you Rachel but, look at Monica!
Phoebe : Ooh, is that spelled with a ?C? or a ?K?? Oh my God! It doesn?t matter; they?re both great! (Another woman walks past Rachel carrying a wedding dress.)
Phoebe : Got it.
Phoebe : (coming back out) Hey! Rachel! Come on!!!! [Time lapse, inside the store, Monica is frantically looking for her dress.]
Phoebe : (hearing the signal) I?m coming! I?m coming! (She takes off towards the signal and almost knocks another woman over.)
Phoebe : Okay! (Runs that way and hears another whistle blast.) Hey! (Heads the other way and hears another blast.) What do I do?!! (She runs in the second direction and finds that the whistling is coming from inside a rack. She moves the dresses out of the way to find Rachel curled up in a fetal position frantically blowing on the whistle.) What are you doing? (Rachel doesn?t stop.) Did you find the dress? (Rachel won?t stop so Phoebe pinches her nose shut which causes her to spit the whistle out.)
Phoebe : Did you find the dress?
Phoebe : I?We gotta get Monica. (She starts to leave.)
Phoebe : Oh my God!! (She grabs Rachel?s hand and drags her towards Monica.) Excuse me! Excuse me! (She?s knocking women and veils out of the way as she moves.) (She gets to Monica who has the dress balled up in one hand and is sitting on Megan who is sprawled out on the floor.)
Phoebe : I know. Hand me a tissue. (Monica hands her one.) (Rachel goes to the fridge, opens it, and blows on the whistle Monica gave her at the store, which causes Phoebe and Monica to turn around and look at her.)
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : (gasps) Does that mean Carcass is available?
Phoebe : Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
Phoebe : Yeah, swing music is so out.
Phoebe : Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y?know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts?They just stop living.
Phoebe : Oh my God! (Joey looks at her.) I?m sorry, too soon. You go.
Phoebe : Good for you!
Phoebe : Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
Phoebe : Go for it.
Phoebe : I?m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can?t perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill. The Cute
Phoebe : I did, but that was really fun.
Phoebe : Oh hey!
Phoebe : Oh, great! We couldn?t keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y?know, he?d kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck. (Does that to Monica.)
Phoebe : (laughs) All I could think of was y?know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
Phoebe : I?m a lady Monica, I don?t kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself. (She starts to open up her blouse.)
Phoebe : I just like him so much that I just feel like I?ve had 10 drinks today and I?ve only had six.
Phoebe : You sound like a guy.
Phoebe : You?ll have a last kiss.
Phoebe : Okay bye. (They kiss.)
Phoebe : Bye! (Phoebe goes over and joins Monica on the couch.) We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Phoebe : (yelling back) I miss you too!!!! (He walks away.)
Phoebe : No. Why?
Phoebe : Okay, don?t sweat it. (Looking around her.) Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy?s cute. (Points to a guy sitting behind Monica.)
Phoebe : No that is the last thing you want to do!
Phoebe : Because you?re marrying him!
Phoebe : All right, I?ve never been engaged and I?ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
Phoebe : That is correct! Yes, you?re supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
Phoebe : Yes!
Phoebe : Oh my God! You?re right! Go! (Monica starts to leave.) Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it?s too late! Wait no! (Monica stops.) Does this also mean putting out doesn?t get you love? (Monica is shocked.)
Phoebe : Rach?
Phoebe : Oh. (Picks it up.) It?s just so unexpected! I?I uh?Boy I?ll tell you it?s just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y?know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in?
Phoebe : ?in Reservations at
Phoebe : (To Joey) Oh hey! How was your audition?
Phoebe : What are you doing?
Phoebe : Oh! You got it?!
Phoebe : The next, next?
Phoebe : What?s the matter?
Phoebe : Grandma?s gonna have to get in line. Opening Credits
Phoebe : Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
Phoebe : Sure.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Well when can we have this shower?
Phoebe : Well that?s only two days away. What is the other option?
Phoebe : Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We?re done!
Phoebe : Rachel, calm down!
Phoebe : (grabs and shakes Rachel) Just calm down woman!
Phoebe : Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Phoebe : Uh, here. What time?
Phoebe : Finger sandwiches and tea.
Phoebe : And chili!
Phoebe : Both!
Phoebe : Neither.
Phoebe : Lusts of the flesh.
Phoebe : I don?t know. (Timidly) A cowboy theme?
Phoebe : Hey! I?ve got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone?s names in them and inside is everyone?s individual birth stone.
Phoebe : Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that?s coming? Me. Are you?
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Okay but look! Look at what I got! It?s her address book! (Holds it up.) We have a guest list!
Phoebe : Uh-huh, and a little seed money for the party. (Holds up $40.)
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : How are you? (The woman nods) Good. (She goes over to another couple of women.) Hi, thanks for coming.
Phoebe : Thank you. (To the other woman) No? (She nods.) All right. (She goes to another pairing.) Oh, it?s so nice to see you.
Phoebe : Okay. (Goes over to Rachel.) Hey Rach?
Phoebe : Who the hell are all these people?
Phoebe : Hmm, y?know there?s another word for people like that. Losers! (A woman approaches.)
Phoebe : You were supposed to tell her!
Phoebe : Fine, I?ll go call her.
Phoebe : And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
Phoebe : Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
Phoebe : We ruined everything.
Phoebe : Sur-surprise.
Phoebe : Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Phoebe : Oh! No problem! I? (Cassie emerges from the bathroom and we once again visit slow motion Barry White background music land with the sexy hair-flipping thing going on, only this time Phoebe is entranced. For more information on Denise Richards you can visit your local library or look her up on the Internet at her official website at www.deniserichards.com.)
Phoebe : I like our way. Oh! (Grabs a piece and jumps a bunch of Joey?s like in Checkers.) Chess!
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
Phoebe : What is this? What?s going on?
Phoebe : Joey?s!
Phoebe : (laughs) Yeah, I?m sure that happened.
Phoebe : Sure!
Phoebe : (To Joey) Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
Phoebe : Okay! I just?I didn?t know that you are a lesbian. (Joey smiles and nods lewdly.)
Phoebe : Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you?re so?y?know so?vanilla.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : To Ross.
Phoebe : Okay! All right! Yeah! ?Cause I just can?t picture it.
Phoebe : Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.
Phoebe : Yeah! Y?know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Phoebe : Really?! Commercial Break
Phoebe : Oh, somewhere Joey?s head is exploding.
Phoebe : Rachel, it?s okay. You don?t have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
Phoebe : I know.
Phoebe : I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
Phoebe : I?ve had better. Ending Credits
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Yeah, except your breasts look kinda small. (Points.)
Phoebe : Oh! Yeah! (Monica glares at her.) [Cut to the guys.]
Phoebe : Well maybe you don?t talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y?know all the things that he?s taught you. Like? (They all try to think about one example and don?t succeed.) Or all the things you taught him. [Flashback to The One With Phoebe's Uterus, Monica is teaching Chandler how to turn a woman on. They're in Monica and Rachel's apartment and Monica has just drawn a diagram of a woman.]
Phoebe : Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Well let?s just say its she?s lucky she has a sweet ass, ?cause she?s not so good at the writing.
Phoebe : Well let?s just hope it works. Y?know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
Phoebe : Yeah, you?re right. How?s the Mrs.?
Phoebe : (looking out the window) Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler! (Starts yelling.) Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! (Chandler and Monica start taking each other's clothes off.) Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Phoebe : (screaming) Ahhh!! Chandler and Monica!! Chandler and Monica!!
Phoebe : CHANDLER AND MONICA!!!!
Phoebe : OH!! MY EYES!!! MY EYES!!!!
Phoebe : NO! THEY'RE DOING IT!!!
Phoebe : YOU KNOW?!!!
Phoebe : (Screaming incoherently.) Get in here!!! (Motions to join her and Rachel.) (Ross starts jumping and screaming incoherently and hops over and joins in on the group hug.) [Cut to later in that episode in Central Perk, a meeting with Phoebe, Rachel, and Joey where they discuss Chandler and Monica.]
Phoebe : Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Phoebe : Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own [Cut to later in that episode. Rachel and Phoebe are going to a movie from Monica and Chandler?s, and as Phoebe walks by Chandler she pinches him on the butt and exits.]
Phoebe : Bye Chandler! (She walks up to him.) (Quietly.) I miss you already. (She pinches his butt.)
Phoebe : I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye! (Hangs up.) Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
Phoebe : No!
Phoebe : God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know! (Joey just shakes his head.) Joey, you can't say anything!
Phoebe : He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Phoebe : Joey! (Examining the dress.) Wow, you didn?t rip off any buttons.
Phoebe : Umm, not without you, lover. (She slowly walks over to him and is showcasing her bra.) So, this is my bra.
Phoebe : You should be. I'm very bendy. (Pause) I'm gonna kiss you now.
Phoebe : Ooh.
Phoebe : Here it comes. Our first kiss. (They slowly and hesitantly move their lips together and kiss gently. Phoebe has her eyes wide open in shock and Chandler is squinting. He finally breaks the kiss after only a short while and pushes Phoebe away.)
Phoebe : And why not?!
Phoebe : You're-you're what?! (Monica comes out of the bathroom like a bolt, and Rachel and Joey both enter.)
Phoebe : I just?I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
Phoebe : Y?know, you?re friend?s getting married, it?s gotta change things.
Phoebe : How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they?re gonna be having kids, and then they?re just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they?re gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : Okay. (They spilt into their sexes and the girls read Monica?s and the guys read Chandler?s. The girls gasp and groan and the guys laugh hysterically.
Phoebe : (To Monica) Oh, that?s beautiful.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : I?ve never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.
Phoebe : Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding. (Rachel glares at her.)
Phoebe : Ooh, I think I wanna trade circles.
Phoebe : Okay, I think I need to do some shopping. (Gets up and leaves.)
Phoebe : Hey sweetie!
Phoebe : Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my purse up at Monica?s. I?ll be right back. (She goes to get it.)
Phoebe : What? (He leans in to kiss her.) Oh. (They kiss and Phoebe pauses.) Ooh. (Pause) Whoa! That one kept going. (Exits.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : I know. They were mine.
Phoebe : No, it?s not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.
Phoebe : I?m wearing his briefs right now.
Phoebe : I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.
Phoebe : And! Y?know what Jake says? That women?s underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
Phoebe : There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I?m thinking even more than you.
Phoebe : I?m just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women?s underwear! I don?t think you could ever do that.
Phoebe : Okay whatever.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : Huh.
Phoebe : That?s great Joe!
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : Hmm?
Phoebe : I think it?s important that you do. (Joey agrees and heads to take them off.)
Phoebe : Feel better?
Phoebe : Yeah, I understand.
Phoebe : Why?! What?s happening to the coffee house?! (Monica looks at her.) Oh! (Realizes.)
Phoebe : What are they?
Phoebe : That play?
Phoebe : The movie?
Phoebe : Ohh!
Phoebe : Oh, yeah! Back then y?know, we called the Great War. It really was!
Phoebe : Congratulations!
Phoebe : Go ahead.
Phoebe : Yes! Very good.
Phoebe : Ross, please! My make-up! (He walks away angrily.) (Chandler?s Mom enters and Chandler meets her by the door.)
Phoebe : (walking up) What?s up? (Rachel hands her the note and she reads it.) Tell Monica I?m sorry. (Pause) Tell her yourself! Commercial Break
Phoebe : Oh my God! Chandler just left though!
Phoebe : Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he?s changed his name, y?know? Tell Monica I?m sorry.
Phoebe : Don?t be so negative! Good God! Isn?t it possible that Sorry is sitting in there (Joey and Rachel?s apartment) right now?!
Phoebe : (pointing at Ross) Okay but if you don?t find him and bring him back, I am gonna hunt you down and kick your ass! (Ross laughs and Phoebe points harder.)
Phoebe : Oh man.
Phoebe : Okay. Well there?s one down.
Phoebe : Y?know she might not even notice he?s gone.
Phoebe : Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can?t do this here! (She drags her into the bathroom.)
Phoebe : Yeah, but you?ve got to pull yourself together! Monica can?t see you like this! Then she?ll know something?s wrong!
Phoebe : Yeah. (Looks.) Oh, that?s gone too. This is Monica?s bathroom right?!
Phoebe : No-no! I-I?I found one.
Phoebe : (looking into the trash can) Sure. (Reaching into the trash can.) Do you need some floss? (Grabs a piece of it.)
Phoebe : Oh here?s a whole bunch.
Phoebe : (finding something interesting in the trash can) Oh my God!
Phoebe : I know! Monica?s gonna have a baby! Hey, can this count as her something new?
Phoebe : Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
Phoebe : Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I?m still holding this. (She throws the test back into the trash.)
Phoebe : Right.
Phoebe : Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?
Phoebe : Just for the future, this is hardly a commercial for it.
Phoebe : You told them he was missing?
Phoebe : Okay. I?m going with you.
Phoebe : Ross, you?re tired. You?ve been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.
Phoebe : Okay. Wait, do you know how you?re going to stall her?
Phoebe : All right. Good luck.
Phoebe : Oh my God! Is that him? (She points at someone.)
Phoebe : He could be in disguise, y?know.
Phoebe : What the hell are you doing?!
Phoebe : Why not?!
Phoebe : But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
Phoebe : (entering) Found the vest! I mean we?re gonna have to keep an eye on it, y?know make sure we don?t lose it again?
Phoebe : So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just drift apart? (Rachel and Mrs. Geller enter.) Mrs.
Phoebe : Oh my God Monica!
Phoebe : (To Rachel) Wait! Maybe, maybe you?re overreacting! You do that y?know.
Phoebe : Okay. Oh but don?t tell them Monica?s pregnant because, they frown on that.
Phoebe : Okay. (They head in separate directions and Chandler emerges and he?s so shocked that his cigarette is hanging from his lip.) Commercial Break
Phoebe : Yeah! (They both go out into the hall.)
Phoebe : What?s going on?
Phoebe : Oh my God! Why would you play hide and seek with someone you know is a flight risk?! (Ross just glares at her.)
Phoebe : Hey! Oh!
Phoebe : You know?!
Phoebe : What? You?ll hi-ya?
Phoebe : Well you obviously didn?t see Chucky 3.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Oh and they?re gonna have a baby.
Phoebe : Okay. (Phoebe and Rachel join Monica and Chandler on the altar.) Hey Mon, why did you tell the guys you weren?t pregnant?
Phoebe : We found your test in the trash, if you?re not pregnant?(She sees Rachel shaking her head)?It?s because I am. (Flash, the photographer takes a picture of Monica and Chandler?s stunned faces.)
Phoebe : Yes, I?I am with child. (Flash) And I didn?t want to say anything because it?s your day; I didn?t want to steal your thunder.
Phoebe : I can?t say.
Phoebe : I can?t say because he?s famous.
Phoebe : Okay, okay. It?s James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my baby.
Phoebe : What?! Well he never said that to me! Opening Credits
Phoebe : How about just the bride?s maids?
Phoebe : It is.
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Phoebe : So instead you told me Monica was pregnant.
Phoebe : Sneaky.
Phoebe : Uh-hmm.
Phoebe : Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he?s gay.
Phoebe : (intrigued) Really?!
Phoebe : So, are you ready to talk about it?
Phoebe : Now?
Phoebe : Okay, we?ll talk about something else then.
Phoebe : Who?s the father?!
Phoebe : Yeah. That?s fine. That?s fair. Is it Tag?
Phoebe : Okay, I?m sorry. I?ll stop.
Phoebe : Is it Ross? It?s Ross isn?t it?Oh my God, it?s Joey!
Phoebe : Ah-hah! At least we know it?s a him. [Cut to Joey entering wearing a preppy tennis outfit.]
Phoebe : Well, I just got off the phone with my lover, James Brolin?
Phoebe : Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would leave her for me. And I said, "James, James Brolin, are you sure?" James Brolin said?
Phoebe : (shocked) What?! (deadpan) Why bother?
Phoebe : Calm down. Maybe you?re not pregnant.
Phoebe : When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test like three times just to make sure.
Phoebe : I?m-I?m just saying, don?t freak out until you?re a hundred percent sure.
Phoebe : I?ll run out and get you one.
Phoebe : Oh no, she won?t tell us.
Phoebe : See? This is why you register. [Cut to Ross at the kiddie table. He reaches for something and a fart noise emanates which causes the kids to laugh.]
Phoebe : 30 seconds.
Phoebe : It?s time. (Another woman starts to enter.) The
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Umm, it?s negative.
Phoebe : It?s negative.
Phoebe : Here. (Gives Rachel a tissue.)
Phoebe : No, it?s positive.
Phoebe : It?s-it?s not negative, it?s positive.
Phoebe : Well yeah, I lied before.
Phoebe : Now you know how you really feel about it.
Phoebe : With who?
Phoebe : Okay. (Phoebe and Rachel join Monica and Chandler on the altar.) Hey Mon, why did you tell the guys you weren?t pregnant?
Phoebe : We found your test in the trash, if you?re not pregnant?(She sees Rachel shaking her head)?It?s because I am. (Flash, the photographer takes a picture of Monica and Chandler?s stunned faces.)
Phoebe : Yes, I?I am with child. (Flash) And I didn?t want to say anything because it?s your day; I didn?t want to steal your thunder.
Phoebe : I can?t say.
Phoebe : I can?t say because he?s famous.
Phoebe : Okay, okay. It?s James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my baby.
Phoebe : What?! Well he never said that to me! Opening Credits
Phoebe : How about just the bride?s maids?
Phoebe : It is.
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Phoebe : So instead you told me Monica was pregnant.
Phoebe : Sneaky.
Phoebe : Uh-hmm.
Phoebe : Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he?s gay.
Phoebe : (intrigued) Really?!
Phoebe : So, are you ready to talk about it?
Phoebe : Now?
Phoebe : Okay, we?ll talk about something else then.
Phoebe : Who?s the father?!
Phoebe : Yeah. That?s fine. That?s fair. Is it Tag?
Phoebe : Okay, I?m sorry. I?ll stop.
Phoebe : Is it Ross? It?s Ross isn?t it?Oh my God, it?s Joey!
Phoebe : Ah-hah! At least we know it?s a him. [Cut to Joey entering wearing a preppy tennis outfit.]
Phoebe : Well, I just got off the phone with my lover, James Brolin?
Phoebe : Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would leave her for me. And I said, "James, James Brolin, are you sure?" James Brolin said?
Phoebe : (shocked) What?! (deadpan) Why bother?
Phoebe : Calm down. Maybe you?re not pregnant.
Phoebe : When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test like three times just to make sure.
Phoebe : I?m-I?m just saying, don?t freak out until you?re a hundred percent sure.
Phoebe : I?ll run out and get you one.
Phoebe : Oh no, she won?t tell us.
Phoebe : See? This is why you register. [Cut to Ross at the kiddie table. He reaches for something and a fart noise emanates which causes the kids to laugh.]
Phoebe : 30 seconds.
Phoebe : It?s time. (Another woman starts to enter.) The
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Umm, it?s negative.
Phoebe : It?s negative.
Phoebe : Here. (Gives Rachel a tissue.)
Phoebe : No, it?s positive.
Phoebe : It?s-it?s not negative, it?s positive.
Phoebe : Well yeah, I lied before.
Phoebe : Now you know how you really feel about it.
Phoebe : With who?
Phoebe : Yeah! Have a great honeymoon!
Phoebe : It was his sweater, but?Oh my God!
Phoebe : Me too! (Joins the hug.)
Phoebe : Yeah, bye.
Phoebe : Oh, it's so romantic to send people off on their honeymoon.
Phoebe : All in good time my love. All in good time. Oh shoot! I left my guitar in their apartment. Well you can let me in later.
Phoebe : What?! They took mine to give to you!
Phoebe : Maybe they don?t trust us.
Phoebe : You mean the time you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it up with Monica?s guest towels?
Phoebe : No you didn?t.
Phoebe : Well, what am I gonna do? I really need my guitar!
Phoebe : What stuff?
Phoebe : Did Rachel find you?
Phoebe : Oh she was looking for you.
Phoebe : Well, she really wanted to talk to you now.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : (deadpan) And?
Phoebe : Oh sorry. (Shocked) And?!
Phoebe : (To Joey) Maybe it?s something you ate?
Phoebe : Of course I do! And I?m gonna give it back to you as soon as they?re done with it at the key shining place. (They hear a knocking sound coming from the hallway and go to investigate.)
Phoebe : Well why don?t you use your key? Mr.
Phoebe : Oh! We could have done that.
Phoebe : Oh great! And listen, could you do us a favor and not tell Chandler and Monica about this? ?Cause y?know umm, they don?t-they don?t have any kids of their own and-and this door was like a child to them. Mr.
Phoebe : Oh no. Mr.
Phoebe : Didn?t you two already talk?
Phoebe : (simultaneously) Holy mother of God!!!
Phoebe : That is brand new information!!
Phoebe : A little bit.
Phoebe : Oh Ross.
Phoebe : Oh hey hi, he?s doing it. He?s breaking down the door. (The chair breaks in half.) Okay, we?re in. (She hangs up the phone.)
Phoebe : Hey! So how was the doctor?
Phoebe : Good.
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Come on in! (They grab the luggage and drag it into Joey and Rachel?s forcing Monica and Chandler to follow.)
Phoebe : So how was the honeymoon?
Phoebe : That was the best part? (To Chandler) Good honeymooning tiger.
Phoebe : Oh, Greg and Jenny yuck! (Angrily) Hi Greg, I?m Chandler this is Monica. Hi Monica, this is Jenny. Hi Jenny. Hi Greg.
Phoebe : You have got to be kidding me!
Phoebe : Monica! That?s not right! Start with where. (Rachel looks at Ross and gets his approval.)
Phoebe : I can?t believe he taped the two of them having sex!
Phoebe : (nasally) Greg and Jenny?
Phoebe : You got fake numbered.
Phoebe : Excuse me, I don?t want Greg and Jenny?s rejects.
Phoebe : Hmm, I wonder why. Pervert!
Phoebe : That?s like the pervert motto! Yeah! Yeah! They have you raise your right hand, put your left hand down your pants, and repeat that!
Phoebe : Regina Philange. (Ken and Regina shake hands.)
Phoebe : No! Not the sex part, just the stuff leading up to it.
Phoebe : Okay fine! Fine! We?ll just have to think of some other way to put the whole ?Who came onto who,? thing to rest! Come on now, think!!
Phoebe : You?re gonna get pregnant.
Phoebe : Oh, you came on to Ross!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Dinner was good!
Phoebe : I?m just saying hi! Now I?m gonna go!
Phoebe : (To him) Oh, well hello there.
Phoebe : (To Monica) I didn?t see this on the menu.
Phoebe : Oh, so you're Monica?s boss?
Phoebe : Oh! I sous stand.
Phoebe : Oh you?you made pesto?
Phoebe : Would you say your pesto is the best-o?
Phoebe : I made it myself.
Phoebe : Well, it?s no pesto.
Phoebe : Ooh Monica!
Phoebe : Oh my God! I had the best time with Tim last night. He is so sweet! Oh, I can?t wait to get sous-neath him.
Phoebe : But why?!
Phoebe : Well maybe he was just nervous, y?know you can be very intimidating. And besides I?ve met your pastry chef and she can stand to be taken down a peg or two.
Phoebe : But Monica, he loves his job so much! Can you just give him another chance? Please?
Phoebe : That?s fair! Thank you so much. Thanks. Oops, it looks like when he got the pastry chef he got you a little bit too.
Phoebe : Love it!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : But?
Phoebe : Okay. Okay, but you can?t fire him today.
Phoebe : Because I?m dumping him today.
Phoebe : He is sweet. He?s too sweet. He calls me all the time. (Mimicking him) "So did-did you get home from work okay?" "Did-did you get out of the shower okay?"
Phoebe : Then he comes over! (Mimicking him) "I?m so worried about you." Uck! Be a man!
Phoebe : You can?t fire him and dump him the same day, he?ll kill himself.
Phoebe : Are you kidding?! Another week with that sip, I?ll kill myself!
Phoebe : Okay. But the question is who?s gonna go first. ?Cause whoever goes second is the bitch.
Phoebe : Come on! The boss that fires a guy that?s just been dumped, bitch! And the woman who dumps a guy that?s just been fired, blond bitch!
Phoebe : All right, that makes sense. (Starts towards the door.) Ugh. But?Screw you I?m going first! (She grabs her purse and runs out.)
Phoebe : Hi.
Phoebe : It will be?in a minute. Listen, Tim you?re a really great guy.
Phoebe : Aw. (Phoebe gets a bad taste in her mouth when he looks away) I?m just?I?m in a place in my life right now where I?I? (Tim?s beeper goes off and he answers it.)
Phoebe : Oh-oh no she doesn?t! I know what that is. You can stay.
Phoebe : Monica!
Phoebe : (simultaneously) I?m breaking up with you!
Phoebe : I?m, I?m breaking up with you.
Phoebe : I?m sorry, I?m just?I?m?I?m just not ready for a relationship right now.
Phoebe : Oh that?s good, the chemistry thing for us too.
Phoebe : And Tim I just wanna say, good luck here. (Shakes his hand and leaves, which disgusts Monica.)
Phoebe : Oh good! (And there?s general excitement.)
Phoebe : Now wasn?t Joey hitting on her at the wedding too?
Phoebe : Ursula! (Ursula turns, smiles, and continues walking.) Wait! Err-err, it?s me! Phoebe!
Phoebe : Wait a second! So, what?s new with you?
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Huh. Okay. Well, I?m really happy for you. (Starts to walk away.)
Phoebe : Really?
Phoebe : Yeah. Okay. Umm, y?know, my friends are having a Halloween party tonight at my old apartment so, you could come. Maybe I could meet the guy you?re marrying.
Phoebe : By the way, it?s a costume party.
Phoebe : (looks down) No. But thanks. (Walks away.)
Phoebe : Ah, Catwoman. So we meet again.
Phoebe : No, it?s me. Phoebe!
Phoebe : (To Chandler) That is so you!
Phoebe : No wonder your pregnant.
Phoebe : Okay, I will. But right after you tell me who the hell you are.
Phoebe : Ursula?s fiancee?
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : My mother killed herself.
Phoebe : No-no! That?s okay, we?ll just start over. Okay? Hi! I?m Phoebe.
Phoebe : Why are you looking at me like that?
Phoebe : Okay. (Hands him a napkin.) So, what are you?
Phoebe : (laughs) No I-I meant your costume.
Phoebe : I love the second grade!
Phoebe : Yeah! It?s so much better than first grade when you don?t know what?s going on and definitely better than third grade. Y?know with all the politics and mind games.
Phoebe : Umm, I?m a masseuse?by day. (Stands with her hands on her hips like a Supergirl pose.)
Phoebe : No I?m having fun. I?m really?And I?m really-really excited for you and Ursula.
Phoebe : Thank you. [Time lapse, Monica is going over to talk to Joey.]
Phoebe : (walking over) Hey. Ursula?s fiancee is really sweet! He?s a teacher, he does all this volunteer work. Y?know normally y?know, I don?t like really sweaty guys. But this one? I could just mop him up!
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : No I?m not! You are!
Phoebe : Hello handsome. (Sees Ursula over her shoulder) Oh God. (Walks away in shame as they kiss.) Oh look at you two. So when did you guys meet?
Phoebe : Two weeks? That?s it?
Phoebe : Oh really?
Phoebe : Huh? (Ursula motions for Phoebe to keep quiet.)
Phoebe : Peace Corps, really? (Ursula motions, "I don?t know.")
Phoebe : Hi liar!
Phoebe : Y?know the only reason he?s marrying you is because he thinks all the things you were saying about yourself were true.
Phoebe : But they?re not!
Phoebe : Why are you lying to him?
Phoebe : You too. And Ursula?! It was really nice meeting you tonight!!
Phoebe : Hmm?
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Sure it does. Yeah, yeah.
Phoebe : Umm listen, I don?t think?I don?t think I?m gonna make it to the wedding. So I just want to wish you all the luck in the world.
Phoebe : Okay I can?t let you do this! She?s lying to you.
Phoebe : She is lying! And I bet I can prove it. Excuse me. (She grabs Ursula?s purse and starts going through it and finds some papers.) Okay. Okay. Yeah?Not a prayer chain, but what looks like a detailed drawing of a bank floor plan. (Holds up her nametag.) Okay, here?s the nametag from the restaurant where she works as a waitress! Not a teacher, a waitress. All right, here?s her driver license, this oughta be good, she always lies about this. How old did she say she was?
Phoebe : Oh, I almost don?t want to show this. (Hands it to him.) Just remember I?m a minute younger.
Phoebe : No. You?re not, you?re not stupid.
Phoebe : That?s good, you should be impulsive and you should be romantic. Just?you did it with the wrong person. (He looks at her.) What?
Phoebe : Yeah, you should. (They shake hands.)
Phoebe : (looking around) Who?s cell phone is that? It?s just so annoying; everywhere you go.
Phoebe : (checks) I never get calls!! (Answers the phone) Hello?
Phoebe : Oh my God Eric hi! Wait, how?d you get this number?
Phoebe : Wow! What an incredible violation?and wonderful surprise.
Phoebe : Oh you did? (To Rachel) He did it! He did it!
Phoebe : Shhh! I?m talking.
Phoebe : Are you asking me out? ?Cause it would be kinda weird since you just broke up with my sister.
Phoebe : No! Wait! I was just saying that so you?d think I was a good person. Fight for me.
Phoebe : Not great, but we can work on it at lunch. Okay, I can be at your apartment in two hours.
Phoebe : I?ve got friends too. Okay, bye.
Phoebe : Oh my God! I?m going out with Eric! Ooh, this day is really gonna be so much better than I thought it was gonna be. Oh Ross, I can?t make lunch. (Exits.)
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Yeah, me too. Not in the shaky angry way you are though.
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Yeah. (Covers her face with her hand.) Yeah.
Phoebe : Maybe this is too weird.
Phoebe : No don?t tear out your eyes!!
Phoebe : Oh, yeah try that. (He finishes and looks at her.) So, is that better?
Phoebe : Look Eric, turn around. (He does so.) Look, I like you, but it shouldn?t be this hard. Y?know? This is our first date y?know? First dates are supposed to be about excitement and electricity and ?Ooh, he just touched my hand, did he mean to touch my hand?? and y?know first kisses and?(He kisses her)?second kisses. (Motions for him to kiss her again which he does and they start to make out.)
Phoebe : Ooh, oh no! I have to go! I have a massage appointment.
Phoebe : No, I got in trouble for that before. I?ll see you later.
Phoebe : Really? That?s the thing I?m worse at! You?ll see. (Exits.)
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Hey! (Jumps on the bed with him.) Can we pick up where we left off?
Phoebe : Why?
Phoebe : What sex?
Phoebe : We didn?t have sex.
Phoebe : (simultaneously as Eric) Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew! Ew!
Phoebe : You-you?you had sex with Ursula?!
Phoebe : You didn?t notice she was wearing different clothes?!
Phoebe : Oh. Ew! Ew! Ew! Ugh! Y?know what? This is too weird.
Phoebe : So I guess this is it.
Phoebe : Yeah, so do you.
Phoebe : Huh?
Phoebe : Sure. Yeah, he?s kinda sexy.
Phoebe : Okay so, we?ll just come up with some kind of signal if it?s going well you can take off.
Phoebe : Oh. Why not?
Phoebe : Oh Rachel, this is all so ?Papa don?t preach.?
Phoebe : Wow! Oh well, I will be there!
Phoebe : Gosh. I?m not gonna let that man make you eat your baby. (They both sit down by the rest of the gang and Phoebe recognizes a man by the window.) Oh. Hey! Who is that guy? I think I know him.
Phoebe : Oh my God!!! Monica!! He?s the stripper from your bachelorette party!!
Phoebe : Your secret bachelorette party?
Phoebe : She untied his G-string with her teeth. (Pause) Somebody stop me!
Phoebe : Oh, I-I don?t eat meat. Dr.
Phoebe : Yeah, I don?t eat that either. Dr.
Phoebe : He?s right though, the ?74 is absolute piss.
Phoebe : Rachel!
Phoebe : Why, so he can get mad at the baby?
Phoebe : It?s slang for pregnant.
Phoebe : I?m sorry I won?t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I?m really busy that day. Yeah, I already have a unicorn baptism and a leprechaun bar mitzvah.
Phoebe : It?s Lafite. The ?74 Latour is actually drinking quite nicely.
Phoebe : I?d better go. (She goes and sits down in the La-Z-Boy E-cliner 3000, the chair that Sit magazine called chair of the year, and they both look at her.) Just over
Phoebe : That?s it?! You call that a fight? Come on! "We were on a break!" "No we weren?t!" What happened to you two?!
Phoebe : (entering, quietly) Wow, you told your dad the truth.
Phoebe : Wanna go see a movie?
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : I brought you my old maternity clothes! (Sets a bag on the counter.)
Phoebe : Yeah! And look, (Grabs the pants) see how they expand as the baby grows? (There?s a stretchy part in front.) And then after the baby?s born, they?re great for shoplifting melons.
Phoebe : Turkey?s are beautiful, intelligent animals!
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Happy Thanksgiving!
Phoebe : Anything I can do to help?
Phoebe : Sure!
Phoebe : Okay. (She starts folding the napkins in half.)
Phoebe : Yeah, it all just came screaming back to me. (Monica exits.) (To Chandler) So how?s the game?
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : I don?t believe you! That is?brilliant! And Monica has no idea?
Phoebe : Well I want to get in on this. Hey Mon? I don?t think I can help you after all, I didn?t realize this game was on.
Phoebe : Well normally I don?t, but y?know?(looks at the TV)?Green Bay is playing.
Phoebe : Well it?s only like my favorite bay! {Actually, it?s not bad. It just gets a little cold in winter, but in Wisconsin winter only lasts from August to June. J } (Phoebe joins Chandler on the couch as there is a knock on the door which Monica answers.)
Phoebe : (nonchalantly glancing) Hey. (Turns back around.) Wow! (Looks up.) Well done.
Phoebe : Oh okay.
Phoebe : Noooo!! Damn you ref! You burn in hell!!! (Joey enters eating potato chips.)
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : (simultaneously) Green Bay.
Phoebe : Well the Lions technically won, but it was a moral victory for the Green Bay?Mermen. (They sit down at the table and Will goes to talk to Rachel.)
Phoebe : I think you do.
Phoebe : What?! What else did you do?
Phoebe : Oh, come on Will! Just take off your shirt and tell us!
Phoebe : Oh! (They all look.) Wow!
Phoebe : So how did this happen? Did she, did she lure you to an early bird dinner?
Phoebe : I wanna join!
Phoebe : I?m sorry. I?m sorry. I never got to be in a club. I-I didn?t go to high school, but three of us would meet behind a dumpster to learn French. Bonjour.
Phoebe : Okay. (Goes over and hugs him.) It?s exactly how I?d imagined it would be.
Phoebe : Joey! Those are my maternity pants!
Phoebe : Is there anything we can do for you?
Phoebe : How can you let him talk to your crotch like that?
Phoebe : Ohh! Okay! Okay, cause when-when he said, "I can?t wait to hear your first words," I thought, "There?s a trick."
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Hey Ross! Doesn?t Ben go to the Smithfield Day School?
Phoebe : Sting has a son that goes there too!
Phoebe : You knew this and you never said anything?! With all the stupid dinosaur stuff you tell us?!
Phoebe : Sting?s son, seven years old and there?s a picture.
Phoebe : No, it?s New York magazine. It?s an article about the best schools in the city. So how well do you know Sting?
Phoebe : Uh-huh, yeah that?s too bad. I really want to go to his concert Friday night, but it?s totally sold out. I know! Why don?t you meet him and get tickets?! If you get two I?ll take you.
Phoebe : There you go! Oh, you are so lucky! You might actually get to meet Sting tomorrow! That?s why you have kids!
Phoebe : Wow! They?re beautiful!
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Well then get your money back and return them!
Phoebe : Oh no! Why not?
Phoebe : How come?!
Phoebe : Wait! But Ross if they don?t get along then you should smooth things over. Make them be friends.
Phoebe : Sure you can! Give them some blocks, put them in a playpen!
Phoebe : Your kid is seven?! (Ross nods, "Yes.") (To the rest) He?s really small. (To Ross) Please! Please get the tickets!
Phoebe : Yes you can! Sting says so himself!
Phoebe : (singing) Rosssss can!
Phoebe : (singing) Rossss can!
Phoebe : (singing) Rosss can! Give me the tickets! Ross can give me the tickets!! (Ross runs out to get the tickets.)
Phoebe : Oh, there you are Ben!
Phoebe : Well, I heard you?re having a problem with one of the boys in your class. And so I thought I would just come down here and sit you both down, have a little talk and make it all okay. Now umm, the boy?s name is Sting?s son.
Phoebe : Now Ben, sometimes people may seem like jerks on the outside, but they have famous fathers.
Phoebe : Him you?re friends with. (Starts looking at the children trying to find Jack and a teacher notices her.) The
Phoebe : Yes! Yes you can, I?m looking for Jack?s parents. The
Phoebe : Uh-huh, I?m with Ben. The
Phoebe : I am one of Ben?s mothers. I?m a lesbian. It was, it was difficult coming out to my parents. The
Phoebe : Oh. The
Phoebe : Ah! Okay so that would make me Susan. The
Phoebe : Yeah! Let?s do that!! That-that sounds good. We should sit down and talk, just me, my lover Carol, and the Stings. Umm, how-how will I get in touch with them? The
Phoebe : Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Umm, could-could I get a copy of that? ?Cause Carol threw it out, she lost ours. She?s such a scatterbrain, but man what a hot piece of ass.
Phoebe : Wow! This place is incredible! (Gasps) Sting?s pen?that he gave to Phoebe. (Puts the pen in her purse and goes over to a floor-to-ceiling bookcase) Come on! Secret passageway! (Starts pulling books at random as Trudie enters.) Trudie
Phoebe : Hi! Trudie
Phoebe : Uh-huh. Trudie
Phoebe : Why else would I be here? Trudie
Phoebe : Uh-huh. (They go and sit down.) Trudie
Phoebe : Yeah. Trudie
Phoebe : Umm, I?m sorry. Won?t-won?t Jack?s father be joining us? Trudie
Phoebe : Uh-hmm. Okay. Well then, could we reschedule? For say, Friday night perhaps at 8 o?clock? Trudie
Phoebe : Concert. Yeah. That does put us in?quite a pickle. Because you see I?m very busy before and after the concert, and he?s obviously busy during. Trudie
Phoebe : Unless! Unless umm, okay I-I would be willing to go to the concert, umm, all the while thinking about the children of course. Trudie
Phoebe : Oh, thank you. Four would be great. Trudie
Phoebe : Oh good! Then you?re in luck! Ben?s not my son! Trudie
Phoebe : The Police? Here? A reunion?! (She gets out her camera.)
Phoebe : Oh my God! I do love you! How did you do it?!
Phoebe : Oo, where are the seats?
Phoebe : Okay, now would you say that that?s more than 50 yards away from Sting, his wife, or a member of his family?
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : He?s awfully short and I think he?s talking to himself. And to be completely honest, he?s not that good in bed.
Phoebe : Wait a second! This is about the fourth month of your pregnancy, right?
Phoebe : This is completely normal, around the fourth month your hormones start going crazy.
Phoebe : Oh absolutely yeah! Oh and keep in mind, now, I was carrying triplets so in, y?know, medical terms I was-I was thrice as randy.
Phoebe : Yeah. Yeah, I remember trying to steal a cardboard cutout of Evander Holyfield from a Foot Locker.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Yeah. Yeah, that?s what you need a good?pill. Opening Credits
Phoebe : (sitting down next to Ross) Y?know she has a face Ross!
Phoebe : Bye. (Mona exits.)
Phoebe : Wait, I?m-I?m sorry. What?s the big deal about a holiday card?
Phoebe : Oh hey! So, how did your doctor?s appointment go?
Phoebe : Oh my God.
Phoebe : Okay, remember that little problem I was having during my fourth month of pregnancy?
Phoebe : You wish.
Phoebe : Oh yeah? Come and get it.
Phoebe : Ugh! Women!
Phoebe : Give her a key to your apartment.
Phoebe : No, we hate that.
Phoebe : (entering with some guy) Hey. Ooh Ross! How?d the conversation go?
Phoebe : Where?! (Ross exits.)
Phoebe : Hi! Okay, Monica, Rachel, this is my friend Roger.
Phoebe : So umm, I?m gonna get us some drinks. (To Rachel) Would you help me out?
Phoebe : Umm, he?s here to have sex with you.
Phoebe : You?re welcome.
Phoebe : It?s okay, he?s a virgin.
Phoebe : Yeah, okay let?s leave these two alone.
Phoebe : Fine! Then you tell Roger because he was really looking forward to this! (Phoebe exits.)
Phoebe : Hey! I got you a present!!
Phoebe : I got it for your wedding and I ordered it weeks ago, and it finally got here!
Phoebe : It?s a Ms. Pac-Man machine!!
Phoebe : I didn?t know where to put it so I just left it here for now.
Phoebe : Do you really like it?
Phoebe : Oh really? What was your first?
Phoebe : No. No! Yes! Ahh. Oh, would you look at that Monica? I just knocked off all of your top scores, how sad.
Phoebe : Oh, I?m sorry. I didn?t hear you over all the winning.
Phoebe : Wait okay, if this game is gonna cause problems between the two of you, then maybe I should just keep it.
Phoebe : Yeah! It?s not like it spits out a Clark bar after every game.
Phoebe : (entering) Hey, you guys. Listen, I?m sorry that I was hogging the game before?(Sees the top ten list)?Oh my God! Your friends have some unfortunate initials!
Phoebe : Chandler sucks! He couldn?t have gotten this good!
Phoebe : I know!
Phoebe : Don?t touch me!!
Phoebe : I can?t!! I can?t!! (She dies.) Noooooooo!!!!!!! You son of a bitch!!!!! (At this point a stream of obscenities burst forth from Phoebe?s mouth just in time for Ben and Ross to enter and hear most of it, and in slow motion Ross tries to shield his innocent son from Phoebe?s vulgarity.)
Phoebe : Oh hi Ben?No!! Don?t look at the machine! (Covers the screen.)
Phoebe : Hey, are you going to find out the sex of the baby?
Phoebe : Are you two talking about the same baby? Hey! Have you started off thinking of names yet?
Phoebe : Me too!
Phoebe : Uh huh! If it?s a girl, Phoebe, and if it?s a boy, Phoebo!
Phoebe : Yeah, by Sandrine.
Phoebe : How-how about you each get five vetoes?
Phoebe : I know her! I bought homemade soap from her at a Dead show!
Phoebe : Is it me, or is veto starting to sound really good?
Phoebe : (from outside the bathroom) You guys?
Phoebe : Oh, hey, Monica, I brought back your iron.
Phoebe : Uh-huh.
Phoebe : Oh, just as well, I broke this one. (Monica starts smiling)
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Fine.
Phoebe : Then it?s really too bad that you can?t tell me.
Phoebe : (Groans) Is it Chandler?
Phoebe : Well, then tell him to stop staring!
Phoebe : Really?! Joey?! You don?t say.
Phoebe : I don?t know, I don?t know, I don?t know. You know, I mean, on the one hand, Mother may I? But y?know on the other hand? No. No, I can?t. We?re friends. No, oh, no. I don?t want to risk what we have.
Phoebe : Sure, yeah. I mean, it?s Joey. I don?t want him to get hurt. Well, I must say, I am on fire! First Chandler, now Joey!
Phoebe : Sure. Commercial Break
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Umm, Joey, I know.
Phoebe : I knooow.
Phoebe : I know about your feelings.
Phoebe : Yes, and I?m sorry. I-I know things worked out for Chandler and Monica, but that?s very rare.
Phoebe : For God sakes, it?s Rachel!
Phoebe : Yeah that?s Rachel. (To herself) Beat me over the head with it.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Joey, I just think you?re getting worked up over nothing. This is probably just a crush.
Phoebe : Absolutely! Y?know, you get this rush of feelings, but then it goes away.
Phoebe : That?s right, there you go! Crushes happen all the time! I know I?ve had them for all you guys. Well, except for Ross and Chandler. And I?m sure you?ve had them for us.
Phoebe : Mm-hmm. (To herself) Throw me a bone here.
Phoebe : Hi, Bubbles. Manly. Well, I just thought I would drop by and let you know how it went with Joey.
Phoebe : Well, you were wrong, he doesn?t like me!
Phoebe : Yeah! How would you like it if I sent you to Lee Majors? house and told you that he liked you, and you went down there and you found out that he didn?t like you? How would you feel?
Phoebe : Really? Lee Majors is hot!
Phoebe : We?re in the bathroom!
Phoebe : (checking for herself) (To Monica) Mazel tov.
Phoebe : Tell us what?
Phoebe : Well, I left my guitar here again.
Phoebe : Okay. (Monica closes the door, gets the guitar, and then hands it out.)
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Great! Umm?(Monica closes the door again and Phoebe knocks again.)
Phoebe : So do you want to hang out or something?
Phoebe : Oh are you and Chandler?
Phoebe : Okay. Do you guys want me to play for you?
Phoebe : You ask an intriguing question Chandler Bing. (Chandler lets her into the apartment and reveals that Monica is getting a massage from another woman.)
Phoebe : Oh my God! You?re getting a massage! You never let me massage you!!
Phoebe : You told me you hate massages!
Phoebe : I can?t believe this! How long as this been going on?
Phoebe : Oh, it has a name?
Phoebe : Okay?Oop! Too late! I?m leaving! Come on Chandler let?s go! (She storms out.)
Phoebe : (entering) Hello Chandler, lovely day huh? (To Monica) You!
Phoebe : Why won?t you let me massage you?
Phoebe : Monica! We lived together for years! I?ve seen you naked!
Phoebe : I?m curious about the human body.
Phoebe : But I?m a professional! And I?m really good! Look, if you?re uncomfortable we can stop. Just give me a chance, okay. Please?
Phoebe : It does! How would you feel if you couldn?t share your cooking? Or-or imagine how Ross would feel if he couldn?t teach us about dragons.
Phoebe : Potato, potaato.
Phoebe : (calling from her room) Are you under the sheet?
Phoebe : (in a soothing voice) Great, let?s begin. (She starts the massage.) How?s the pressure?
Phoebe : Stating the obvious, but thank you. And it?s not weird is it.
Phoebe : That?s right, you just enjoy.
Phoebe : (getting uncomfortable) Okay.
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : No-no, I got that.
Phoebe : Okay. Okay but you should know though, I?ve raised my rates to $200 an hour.
Phoebe : I mean $500.
Phoebe : 600.
Phoebe : Oh, you make sex noises when you get massaged!
Phoebe : Yeah, and it really freaked me out! And after a while I even tried to hurt you and it just spurred you on.
Phoebe : Really? There?s nothing sexual about this? (Sexily) Oooh. Oo God! Ohh. Ohhhh. Ohh. (Some cute guy is watching closely.) (To him) What are you looking at?! (Pause) I mean hi.
Phoebe : No, you can?t let this stop you from getting massages! No look, I have, I have lots of clients that make the same noises you do!
Phoebe : Well not clients, lovers. But let?s just y?know, try it again. Come back and-and we?ll work through it.
Phoebe : Yes.
Phoebe : Great! Okay, if you?ll just excuse me. (To the guy) So, did you hear something you liked?
Phoebe : That?s it. Just relax.
Phoebe : Come on more!
Phoebe : Yeah, you like that don?t you?
Phoebe : You want it there? You take it there baby!
Phoebe : Oh! Hey, Rach!
Phoebe : Oh, you, too.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : (sighs) Honey, I wish you would get over her. I hate seeing you like this. Is there anything I can do for you? Do you want to look down my top?
Phoebe : Oh, Gunther, can I get a scone?
Phoebe : So, how does Mona feel about you and Rachel living together?
Phoebe : Ugh. Come on, Mona, don?t kiss ass.
Phoebe : All right. Oh! Shoot! Oh shoot! Uh, Rachel wanted to see this tape!
Phoebe : It?s a video of my friend giving birth. Could you just bring it back to your apartment?
Phoebe : Yeah. Candy?s the mother, Cookie?s the daughter. The father?s also Cookie. Why am I friends with these people?
Phoebe : Oh, Monica, grow up!
Phoebe : (knocking and entering) Hey. Look, I know you?ve been really depressed lately, so I brought someone over to cheer you up. Right outside this door is a real, live, furry playmate.
Phoebe : He-hee!
Phoebe : This is the happiest dog in the world. I borrowed him from my friend Wendy. Now, you can only keep him until he cheers you up. And he will cheer you up!
Phoebe : How could you not tell Mona that Rachel is living with you?
Phoebe : Taffy, really? I?ve never had any.
Phoebe : Well, I think my mother was too busy planning her suicide to provide saltwater treats. (Ross hands her one) Thank you! So what, you?re just never going to tell her?
Phoebe : If I haven?t said it
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Hey, buddy. How?s my favorite dog, huh? How?s my favorite dog? (the dog doesn?t move) You?re subdued. (to Joey) Did you give him a beer?
Phoebe : Will you excuse us, we need to talk for a moment.
Phoebe : He?s miserable! What happened to him?
Phoebe : What stuff?
Phoebe : Oh?Joey, you bummed him out! This was the happiest dog in the world, and he spends half a day with you, and look at him!
Phoebe : Okay, I?m going to take him back to Wendy?s.
Phoebe : (entering) Oh hey you guys!
Phoebe : Hey listen let me ask you, do you believe in soul mates?
Phoebe : Uh-huh, (To Chandler) and you?
Phoebe : Okay, good.
Phoebe : Well last night, I met Monica?s.
Phoebe : Yeah, I had a date with this guy, and I swear to God, he is her other half.
Phoebe : Well he?s tall.
Phoebe : He has brown hair.
Phoebe : He works with food!
Phoebe : Obviously, and he?s British.
Phoebe : Yeah? And, he?s-he?s so centered and mature and confident.
Phoebe : Oh, I?m so sorry. Um, and maybe I?m wrong! I but?y?know I?m gonna go out with him again, I?ll find out more.
Phoebe : Well, he may not be my soul mate, but a girl?s gotta eat.
Phoebe : Oh! Hi!
Phoebe : Umm, Chandler, Monica, this is Don.
Phoebe : (mouths to Chandler) Soul mate.
Phoebe : (cough talks) Soul mate.
Phoebe : Nothing! I swear to God I didn?t know you guys would be here! And the good news is you didn?t believe in soul mates. So?
Phoebe : They?re just talking, and y?know what? Just because I think they?re soul mates doesn?t mean anything?s gonna happen.
Phoebe : Yeah?
Phoebe : Don?t worry, we?ll find you someone else.
Phoebe : I?m so sorry.
Phoebe : I don?t know, they both want to live in a house of cheese! I don?t know how you fight that.
Phoebe : Okay, so when you?re done with your tea I?ll look at your leaves and tell you your fortune.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, I?ve done it for years. I actually stopped because I was so accurate. Y?know, and-and y?know, one of the great joys of life is it?s-it?s wondrous unpredictability. Y?know? And also tea tends to give me the trots.
Phoebe : Okay. (Looks at the leaves.) Ooh, I see a ladder. (Checks the book) Which can mean either a promotion or a violent death.
Phoebe : Uh-hmm. Uh-hmm, who?s next?
Phoebe : Okay. (Reads the leaves) Umm, oh! Okay, I see a circle.
Phoebe : Oh! (Checking the book) Which can either mean you?re having a baby or you?re gonna make a scientific discovery!
Phoebe : Umm? Wow, all right. (Checks the book.) Wow! Yay! Ooh, I?m gonna meet a guy! And really soon! And he?s gonna be the man of my dreams. Probably not the guy I had a dream about last night. (Points at Chandler.)
Phoebe : (noticing a guy sitting by the green post looking at her) Oh wait a second you guys?for the last couple weeks I?ve been that guy everywhere I go. We take the same bus. We go to the same bookstore, the same dry cleaners; maybe he?s the tea guy. (He gets up to leave, and smiles at Phoebe.)
Phoebe : Oh hello.
Phoebe : Oh Jim, Jim Nelson I?m Phoebe, Phoebe Buffay. We certainly have been seeing a lot of each other lately.
Phoebe : Well, maybe we will. (Starts to walk away.) Oh! (She turns around and the exchange information.)
Phoebe : Isn?t it funny how we kept running into each other? It?s as if someone really wants us to be together.
Phoebe : Oh, witty banter. Well done.
Phoebe : Oh okay, well I?m a masseuse, and I used to work at this place?
Phoebe : I-I-I like, I like parties.
Phoebe : Yeah I guess, a little.
Phoebe : (a little freaked out) So! Umm, anyway I-I lived in New York, someone wildly I guess, for umm?Well since I was fourteen.
Phoebe : Oh stop it.
Phoebe : Okay. Umm look, you?re coming on a little strong. But I?m going to give you the benefit of the doubt, because it seems the universe really wants to be together. So, why don?t we just start over okay? And you can just tell me about yourself.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Oh my God!
Phoebe : Wow! You do?
Phoebe : All right. (Gets up and walks out.)
Phoebe : Oh there it is.
Phoebe : I know, but that creep that I went on that date with goes to there so I have to find a new one. I also have to find a new video store, a new bank, a new adult bookstore, a new grocery store?
Phoebe : A new grocery store. The universe said I was going to meet a nice guy and that?s what they gave me? (Looks up) When I get up there I?m going to kick some ass.
Phoebe : Yeah, we both can. And we both will. (They enter the dry cleaners.)
Phoebe : Oh, you didn?t have to come in with me.
Phoebe : Okay. (A guy enters that looks suspiciously like Alec Baldwin from The Hunt for Red October, Pearl Harbor, and Beetlejuice.)
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Oh yeah well, I?m sorry about that too, but what are you going to do?
Phoebe : A little. (She turns around and looks up.) (To the universe) Now you?re talking.
Phoebe : I-I-I?d love to. Let me just tell my friend.
Phoebe : (looking around) She must?ve left.
Phoebe : Oh, Ross, Mon, is it okay if I bring someone to your parent?s anniversary party?
Phoebe : Well, his name is Parker and I met him at the drycleaners.
Phoebe : Yeah, he?s really great though. He has this incredible zest for life, and he treats me like a queen, except at night when he treats me like the naughty girl I am.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Everybody, this is Parker, Parker this is?
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : I?ll go with you
Phoebe : Were you guys making fun of Parker?
Phoebe : So, he a little enthusiastic, what?s wrong with that?
Phoebe : Well, so what I like him! Do I make fun of the people you?ve dated? Tag, Janice, Mona? No, because friends don?t do that. But, do you want my opinion? Do you want it? ?Cause in my opinion, your collective dating record reads like the who?s who of human crap. (Walks off)
Phoebe : No, I?m fine. I?m great. I?m with you.
Phoebe : Hm huh, yeah.
Phoebe : No, that?s not necessary.
Phoebe : No, actually I don?t eat?
Phoebe : Okay, fine! Fine! (Takes the oyster and pretends to eat it while dropping it on the floor) Mmm?hmmmmm?.
Phoebe : Why don?t you just try one?
Phoebe : Then you better do it now.
Phoebe : Because I?m going to kill him
Phoebe : You guys were right. He?s just too excited about?everything. I mean I?m all for living life, but this is the Geller?s 35th anniversary. Okay? Let?s call a spade a spade this party stinks.
Phoebe : Are you sure it wasn?t an oyster?
Phoebe : He?s just such a great guy I?m so excited about him.
Phoebe : You think?
Phoebe : You?re right. You?re right, he?s just embracing life. We could all stand to be a little more like Parker. You know what? I am like him! I?m a sunny, positive person.
Phoebe : What?s that now?
Phoebe : Oh look it?s Parker!
Phoebe : Oooh I love it!
Phoebe : Are you kidding? People acting like animals to music. Come on! (Cut to Monica, at the microphone)
Phoebe : Can I get you something to drink? Like a water and Valium?
Phoebe : Oh thank God.
Phoebe : Yeah? I know! I know! Uh huh? Listen why don?t we just um, sit and relax? You know just be with each other. Quietly!
Phoebe : Let?s try something else, let?s play a game.
Phoebe : Shocking! Let?s play the game of who can stay quiet the longest. (Giggles)
Phoebe : But, let?s play this one first. And remember whoever talks first loses! (They sit back)
Phoebe : Oh my God! Oh my God!
Phoebe : Wrong? Really? You know the word wrong. Everything isn?t perfect? Everything isn?t magical? Everything isn?t a glow with the light of a million fairies? They were just brake lights, Parker!
Phoebe : You don?t have to put a good spin on everything.
Phoebe : No! I am a positive person. You are like Santa Clause on Prozac, at Disneyland, getting laid!
Phoebe : Much less happy!
Phoebe : So long! Don?t let the best door in the world hit you in the ass on your way out! (He exits and she slams the door behind him.) (There?s a knock on door, and Phoebe opens it.)
Phoebe : Uh huh. (Closes door)
Phoebe : (entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Oh. Finally! Oh. (Sits back in relief.) [Cut to the interview.] The
Phoebe : I?m gonna get some coffee, anyone want anything?
Phoebe : (interrupting him) I was just being polite! [Cut to the interview.] The
Phoebe : Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes! (We see Joey who has puffed up his cheeks and Chandler nonchalantly reaches down and pinches Joey?s nose shut. In a few seconds, Joey has to move because he?s now forced to actually hold his breath.)
Phoebe : Umm, I?I just think you don?t expect someone so hot to be so sweet. The
Phoebe : Umm, Phoebe Buffay. The
Phoebe : Oh okay, it?s P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in ebe, B as in bee-bee and E as in (In an Australian accent) ?Ello there mate! The
Phoebe : Get your foot off my contestant! Judge!
Phoebe : Ohhh.
Phoebe : (turning from Ross.) No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
Phoebe : Ohh, tough call.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut. [The next one is from Episode
Phoebe : Oh, please!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : About twenty, a couple people from work who had something else to do.
Phoebe : Well I don?t, I don?t have a mother so often I forget that other people?
Phoebe : No. (Pause) Neither is mine.
Phoebe : I know. I know, what?s her number?
Phoebe : Isn?t it at three?
Phoebe : Oh, I told the stripper to be here at five. That?s good right?
Phoebe : What? He?s gonna be dressed as a baby! (Mrs. Green enters.) Oh hi Mrs. Green!
Phoebe : I?m so glad you could make it.
Phoebe : Yeah I know. Isn?t it great? One less person we have to make small talk with.
Phoebe : No look, we?ve apologized twice! I can?t do anymore than that. I know you hate it when people are mad at you but you just have to be okay with it.
Phoebe : For how long?
Phoebe : She can?t hear you.
Phoebe : Well, if you don?t want your mother to move in with you, just tell her.
Phoebe : I have new respect for Chandler. All right everybody! It?s time to open the presents!
Phoebe : How about you less important people, let?s open your presents! (Mrs. Green goes into the kitchen and Rachel follows her.)
Phoebe : Okay, come on Rach it?s present time! Y?know you?re the glue that?s holding this whole party together. It?s kinda falling apart here. Mrs.
Phoebe : Okay, this is from your friend at work.
Phoebe : Hey! Why are you all red and sweaty?
Phoebe : Not if you were here.
Phoebe : No, not a thing.
Phoebe : Nothing! You have apologized to her like a million times and she?s been nothing but terrible to you. And don?t forget you just threw her daughter a lovely, albeit slightly boring, shower, and she hasn?t even thanked you for it.
Phoebe : Yeah I mean if you want to say anything to her, I?d tell her off.
Phoebe : Uh-huh!
Phoebe : (To Monica) Wrap it up, wrap it up, wrap it up?
Phoebe : You were fantastic! I?m so proud of you!
Phoebe : You should be!
Phoebe : You got it!
Phoebe : Well that?s no way to sell newspapers. Why don?t you try, "Extra! Extra! Read all about it!"
Phoebe : Hey! Oh, how did baby shopping go?
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Well did she know you two weren?t married?
Phoebe : Oh my God! Well the idea of a woman flirting with a-with a single man, we-we must alert the church elders!
Phoebe : Sounds like you?re a little jealous.
Phoebe : Is that a real place? (Rachel?s stunned) Are they hiring?
Phoebe : Hey Chandler, why so fancy?
Phoebe : Wait, I think I know someone who does that.
Phoebe : Yeah, just don?t get your hopes up.
Phoebe : Well, the interview?
Phoebe : Y?know! You don?t make a very good first impression.
Phoebe : Oh you don?t know.
Phoebe : Yes, when I first met you, you were like, "Blah, blah, blah." I was like, shhh!
Phoebe : Well it?s just like you?re trying too hard. Always making jokes, y?know, you just?You come off a little needy.
Phoebe : Oh! It?s okay, you calm down after a while and then people can see how really sweet and wonderful you really are.
Phoebe : All right, don?t freak out! Okay? I-I will help you. How long before you have to leave?
Phoebe : I can?t help you.
Phoebe : All right, all right, we?ll just do our best. Okay? So let?s say I?m the interviewer and I?m meeting you for the first time. Okay. "Hi! Come on in, I?m uh, Regina Philange."
Phoebe : Bing, what an unusual name.
Phoebe : Um-hmm, that?s good to know. But let?s stop focusing on what you don?t do, and start focusing on what you do do.
Phoebe : I see. Nice sidestep on the do do thing by the way.
Phoebe : You gotta go!
Phoebe : Okay, don?t worry. You?re ready.
Phoebe : Absolutely! Just fight all your natural instincts and you?ll be great.
Phoebe : I started that!
Phoebe : Oh I know, I?ve been there. I remember toward the end?
Phoebe : Or you can do volunteer work. (Joey?s cell phone rings and he answers it.)
Phoebe : Joey, you pick who ever you want. Okay? You just listen to your heart. What does it tell you? (Mimicking a heartbeat and tapping her chest.) Phoebe, Phoebe.
Phoebe : (still mimicking a heartbeat, only faster) Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe-Phoebe?Burrrrr! (Mimics the sound of a cardiac monitor going off.)
Phoebe : Mon, maybe one of these guys wants to wear your dress.
Phoebe : When she comes out, you hold her nose, I?ll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just (makes a popping sound) right out of her.
Phoebe : I don?t know. I-I think it?s still gonna be a while.
Phoebe : You?re on!
Phoebe : One hundred thousand dollars!
Phoebe : Fine! I?ll call Zurich and move some money around.
Phoebe : No one?s here! (Monica looks at her.) Oh damnit!
Phoebe : Oh hey Mon? Rach is here! Ohh, you?re still pregnant. Oh, I?m sorry. I know how uncomfortable you are. Y?know what? You look great. Yeah, like fifty bucks.
Phoebe : It?s interesting that you lost. Now, I forget, do you like to lose?
Phoebe : Fine! You?re on!
Phoebe : Until then, General Grant, why don?t you set up camp (She puts the bill in her bra) right there.
Phoebe : Good God man don?t anger it.
Phoebe : Oh I-I don?t know about that. No, I think that if the two of you had sex the-the-the repercussions would be catastrophic.
Phoebe : Thank you!
Phoebe : Okay. (The phone rings and Monica answers it.)
Phoebe : Is Rachel having the baby?
Phoebe : They?re at the coffeehouse.
Phoebe : We know it?s a girl! (Exits.)
Phoebe : Oh you made it!
Phoebe : (looking at the clock) Oh wow, three hours and still no baby. Ugh, the miracle of birth sure is a snooze fest.
Phoebe : Sure! What?
Phoebe : Oh, this is fun.
Phoebe : Yeah. (Pause) Why aren?t you with Rachel?
Phoebe : But y?know what? It just seems that you two belong together.
Phoebe : Right. And with who again? (Ross exits.)
Phoebe : I know!
Phoebe : Oh, it ate your money?
Phoebe : All right, I?ll see you downstairs then.
Phoebe : All right.
Phoebe : Hi.
Phoebe : Oh down please. (The guy tries to reach the button, but can?t.) I-I hate to be a ball buster can I just do it? (She pushes the button.)
Phoebe : Sure! I feel so bad for you; I broke my leg once too.
Phoebe : Well, it?s a long story. It?s kind of embarrassing. Let?s just say there was a typographical error with a sex manual. (The guy laughs.) How about you?
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Uh-huh, yeah.
Phoebe : Oh yeah! I-I would like that.
Phoebe : Wait! What?! No!! Elevator!! No!
Phoebe : (to the nurse) Excuse me? Could you help me with something? The patient I?m looking for has a broken leg and is in a wheelchair. And umm, he?s like early to mid-thirties, very attractive.
Phoebe : Oh yay! Great! Okay, what room number is he in?
Phoebe : Hands.
Phoebe : Thank you. (Starts to exit.) (Joey starts to leave, but stops.)
Phoebe : (coming back for Joey) No! (Grabs Joey and drags him away.)
Phoebe : Ooh, this is it! (Looks in the window.) Oh, that?s him! That?s him!
Phoebe : Wait a second, or maybe you can go in first.
Phoebe : No not you, Dr. Drake Remoray. You can ask him questions and see what?s he like. People tell doctors everything.
Phoebe : But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks.
Phoebe : What else? What else?
Phoebe : Oh. Ah-uh.
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : Enter Pheebs.
Phoebe : Okay I?ve got one for you, if you had too which one would you rather eat, a seeing eye dog or a talking gorilla?
Phoebe : Somebody went to college. Wow. (Cliff gets uncomfortable) What is it? I?m sorry. (She moves her arm, which was resting on the same pillow his leg is.)
Phoebe : Oh, I?ll get it. (She gets up and grabs a spoon.)
Phoebe : Relax, it?s not like we?re forking.
Phoebe : Y?know what? This one is. (Eats another spoonful of pudding as Cliff sees something on TV.)
Phoebe : Huh. Okay, Mr. Perkazet.
Phoebe : Cliff, do you really believe that a character from a TV show was here in your room?
Phoebe : Okay. Okay. I?Okay umm?this?I-I sent my friend Joey in here to find out stuff about you. Umm y?know, if it helps you came off great. A lot better than I?m coming off right now.
Phoebe : You?re right, that was wrong. I?m sorry. I?m so sorry. It?s just that I liked you so much. Can we just, can we just start over?
Phoebe : Uh Joey, we?re trying to dial down the crazy.
Phoebe : Umm, look we don?t, we don?t really know each other so it would be really easy to just forget about this, but there seems to be something between us. And I don?t know about you but that doesn?t happen to me a lot.
Phoebe : Can we come in?
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Oh, she?s so beautiful.
Phoebe : Okay, my turn. My turn. (Joey hands her to Phoebe.) Oh! You?re so cute! Oh, I could squeeze your little head! (Pause) I won?t. (Rachel starts crying again.)
Phoebe : Ohhh. (Hands her back to Rachel.)
Phoebe : Oh, wait a minute it?s not gonna be Baby Girl? I thought that was so original!
Phoebe : Yay!
Phoebe : Is she in there?
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : I just can?t decide who she looks more alike, you or Rachel?
Phoebe : I?m sorry, for the last time, why aren?t you two together again? (Silence from Ross.) No, I know. I know, because you?re not in that place. Which would be fine, except you totally are.
Phoebe : Yeah that?s true. Yeah, you love her. You always have. You have a child together. There is no right answer.
Phoebe : I know. I know. I know. I know, and if you try to make it more you might wreck it.
Phoebe : Right. (Pause) Or you might get everything you?ve wanted since you were fifteen.
Phoebe : (To Monica) Oh and I need to talk to you.
Phoebe : To see if know what these guys are talking about. Opening Credits
Phoebe : (taking Ross aside) Have umm, have you thought anymore about you and Rachel?
Phoebe : Yay! It?s so exciting! Wow, you could?ve done that with us there.
Phoebe : Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you can?t talk to Rachel.
Phoebe : Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that reminds me. That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Are you all right?
Phoebe : Oh my God! He did it?
Phoebe : Are you kidding? I?m like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.
Phoebe : I just talked him into it, don?t tell me I have to do you too. The puppet master gets tired people.
Phoebe : Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks so.
Phoebe : Especially Ross!
Phoebe : There he goes, your fiancee.
Phoebe : Although he does play with himself in his sleep.
Phoebe : Oh hey! Wait up!
Phoebe : Congratulations! I didn?t want to say anything in front of Joey ?cause I didn?t know if he knew yet.
Phoebe : No! No, that you and Rachel are engaged!
Phoebe : Oh, it?s a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven?t done the secret thing in a long time.
Phoebe : Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?
Phoebe : All right, me too. (They go into her room and see that she?s sleeping.) Should we wake her up?
Phoebe : And so engaged. (Points to the ring that Rachel is wearing.)
Phoebe : Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y?know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.
Phoebe : Really?
Phoebe : So whose ring is it?
Phoebe : Is it an engagement ring?
Phoebe : But you didn?t give it to her?
Phoebe : But you were going to propose?
Phoebe : Huh, I might be losing interest in this.
Phoebe : Oh, what beautiful lukewarm sentiment.
Phoebe : No! No, she said you actually proposed to her.
Phoebe : No they ran out of "It?s a girl" but I can fix this one, (She writes "not" in between it?s and a) See?
Phoebe : Look at all the stuff people sent!
Phoebe : She?s just so cute! I just wanna bite her ear off and use it and a sucking candy.
Phoebe : Wow you guys got a hospital? Fancy!
Phoebe : I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break" thing really quickly.
Phoebe : You know that?s? that?s her.
Phoebe : Oh no, Rach, no no, you know you?re never supposed to wake a sleeping baby.
Phoebe : I can say I told you so but she?s kinda doing that for me.
Phoebe : It really does? how long do you think we have to stay?
Phoebe : Well, alright, we already tried feeding her, changing her, burping her, oh try this one! Go back in time and listen to Phoebe!
Phoebe : Yeah, no kidding, this just proves no good can come from having sex with Ross!
Phoebe : Alright you guys, we can?t turn on each other, Okay? That?s just what she wants.
Phoebe : Oh I?m kinda part of this.
Phoebe : I knew I should have married Chandler. (Phoebe and Rachel go to the back room and Emma continues to cry in the background while Chandler and Monica talk.)
Phoebe : Well alright, looks like you guys have got it under control so I?m just gonna go. (She gets up and Rachel looks at her, upset, and Monica just stares.) No! Really? Misery really does love company. All right! (She sits back down.)
Phoebe : Alright, I?ll try, fine! Yes, Okay!
Phoebe : Shh! Nothing works with this child! (Hands her back.)
Phoebe : I have to go scream into a pillow. (Goes to scream into a pillow)
Phoebe : (entering) Have I gone deaf?
Phoebe : You must be a fireball in bed.
Phoebe : I can hear traffic and birds! I can hear the voices in my head again! (Monica looks at her strangely) I?m kidding. (She smiles wickedly.)
Phoebe : Thankfully you don?t need me at all (gets up and to leave) so Okay Super aunt see you later! Rachel let?s give it six to eight months (she leaves).
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : I call their apartment!!!
Phoebe : It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby. It's just so grown up.
Phoebe : Look at you all grown up.
Phoebe : You know, I might know somebody. Hey, how about you set me up with someone, and we double date!
Phoebe : Done. Oh good, really?
Phoebe : Let's see! (Opens her address book.) Oh, you know who's great? Sandy Poophack.
Phoebe : Yeah... All right, well that rules out Lana Titweiller
Phoebe : (Enters) Hey!
Phoebe : So how is this for our big double date tonight? (She is all dressed up)
Phoebe : Ooh, great! Just the reaction I was hoping for.
Phoebe : Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't tell you how I know this, but she' not opposed to threesomes. So tell me some about my guy.
Phoebe : Come on, give me something. What's his name?
Phoebe : Mike? Okay! What's his last name?
Phoebe : All right, we'll se you and Mike at the restaurant in a couple hours. Joey and
Phoebe : (Ad-lib good-byes) (Phoebe leaves)
Phoebe : Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do you and Joey know each other anyway?
Phoebe : Wow, you guys go way back then. So what are you up to these days?
Phoebe : Wow, that's great! I liked that better than the law thing, so...
Phoebe : You know, it's so surprising that you and Joey have known each other for so long and I've never heard about you.
Phoebe : What?!
Phoebe : Do you not know each other?
Phoebe : Mike, let me ask you something. How many sisters does Joey have?
Phoebe : Joey, why did you set me up with a stranger?
Phoebe : (To Joey) You are unbelievable! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is really smart and cute and loose. Mary
Phoebe : Who are you kidding? (To Joey) You just find some guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is humiliating!
Phoebe : I'm out of here (She leaves)
Phoebe : Sure.
Phoebe : Why did you go along with that?
Phoebe : That's true. (Pause) Well, is anything you told me about yourself true?
Phoebe : Prove it.
Phoebe : That wouldn't stand in the way of a true pianist.
Phoebe : You are really good! I play a little guitar myself.
Phoebe : Uhuh.
Phoebe : Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' covers.
Phoebe : It's okay. Go ahead, ask me out.
Phoebe : (To Mike) Oh, you just caught me off guard! Yeah, that would be nice.
Phoebe : Bye Chandler.
Phoebe : Okay, bye-bye! (Pushes Chandler out the door.) Good trip! (Slams the door)
Phoebe : oh hey Ross oh I'm so glad someone's here could you zip me up?
Phoebe : thank you can you believe no one between my apartment and here offered to do that for me.
Phoebe : oh umm Mike's picking me up for a date.
Phoebe : oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
Phoebe : yea you know you are a bit of a drama queen.
Phoebe : I wouldn't say never, you know there's that guy (pause) well what about (pause) ok well there's gotta be someone.
Phoebe : Oh my god you're right.
Phoebe : I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god (starts crying) what's wrong with me.
Phoebe : I wanna get married (grabs a tissue)
Phoebe : least you've been married, OH MY GOD! I wanna trade lives with Ross (cries more)
Phoebe : nothing, I'm excited about our date, Mike this is Ross Geller this is Mike Haaaaa (starts crying)
Phoebe : uh huh (terns to Ross) how do I look (all her make up has gone everywhere)
Phoebe : (goes to cry) No
Phoebe : well it was awful every time I thought about what you said I started crying.
Phoebe : would you call this girl? (Puts on a crying act) thanks-fo-r-a-love-ly-even-ing
Phoebe : well you not what you should feel terrible about, this could have been my serious guy he was sweet and smart and funny. Do you know how hard it is to meet a guy like that?
Phoebe : It's open.
Phoebe : HEY! Mike called were going out again! YAY! YAY! (She dances around with happiness)
Phoebe : What? Wha-wha-wha-did you do ROSS!
Phoebe : WHAT!
Phoebe : WHAT! WHY?
Phoebe : (Walks towards Ross) If you hadn't just had a baby with my best friend I swear to Lucifer a rabid dog would be feasting on your danglers RIGHT NOW!
Phoebe : I'm not going along with some lie you made Ross, No I'm just gonna be honest with him.
Phoebe : yeah I've nothing to be ashamed of ok so I haven't been in a relationship that lasted longer then a month. Ok I haven't had a real boyfriend you know if he can't handle that he can leave. which he will and that's ok. so I'll just be alone forever you know alright I'll be. it'll be fine. it'll be fine. I'll go walking tours with widows and lesbians. Oh (takes a deep breath and sits down, knock on the door)
Phoebe : ok
Phoebe : Uh huh yeah (stands up) there's just something umm, there's something you should know (Pause) Vicrum just called.
Phoebe : .and I said Vicrum you can't just call every time you get lonely you know, you, you gave up that right when you slept with Rachel.
Phoebe : yeah well (pause) yeah you know Emma's birth certificate might say Geller but her eyes say Mookurgee.
Phoebe : I know but he call's and my heart goes to him. You know that bastard is one smooth talking free lance kite designer.
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : ok I can't do this.
Phoebe : well there is no Vicrum, Ross made him up because I never really have been in a long-term relationship, I've never lived with a guy, and I've never even celebrated an anniversary so. (Pause) if that's too weird for you and you wanna leave I totally understand. In fact I'll close my eye's make it less awkward (She sits with her eyes closed and Mike kisses her, Phoebe opens her eyes and like a little child says.) You kissed me.
Phoebe : so you don't think I'm a total freak
Phoebe : I guess so, can I. can I think it's cool that you kiss me and also wanna kiss you again (they get closer to kiss and Phoebe pulls back) and umm, be a little concerned about the magic markers.
Phoebe : you know maybe this is a wake up call, about your whole dating attitude. Your in your thirty's and you've never had a serious relationship and you have never been in a long term relationship, here you go from woman to woman, meaningless experience to meaningless experience never even worrying that it doesn't tern into anything serious.
Phoebe : Oh hey you guys, I couldn't get a reservation for the night of my birthday, so we have to do dinner Thursday night instead.
Phoebe : So?
Phoebe : No! It's my first birthday with a boyfriend, and he has to work. Uch, I get mad at him, but I think it's a little to soon to show my true colors.
Phoebe : Oh, Rachel!
Phoebe : Oh, yay!
Phoebe : Alright, okay, so we can all go now. That is fun. Hey, you know what? We all haven't been together the six of us in such a long time.
Phoebe : (from outside) Trick or treat! (It's obviously Halloween eve, the night of her birthday dinner.)
Phoebe : Ooh, and treat it is. (Monica's breasts.)
Phoebe : Wow, so glad I changed. Almost weared my ??? outfit that can't contain my breasts.
Phoebe : Ohh. Oh wait! (Jis) you guys won't be late for my dinner, will you?
Phoebe : 'kay, see you there. Happy humping! (outside meeting Chandler.) Hey...hey! Oh, wow, somebody smoked out here? Oh my god, don't people know, you're not allowed to smoke in public spaces?
Phoebe : You smoked!
Phoebe : (smells at him) Chandler, you stink of cigarettes.
Phoebe : Are you kidding? The woman has the nose of a bloodhound ... and the breasts of a great goddess.
Phoebe : (embarrassed) I'm gonna go. (leaves to stairs)
Phoebe : Where is everyone? They're forty minutes late.
Phoebe : I'm starving. I know we were coming here tonight, I ate nothing all day.
Phoebe : Yes, they are expected presently. Yeah, yeah um, their arrival is in the offing.
Phoebe : Joseph! (to waiter) Thou needn't worry, they shan't be long.
Phoebe : One really does have a stick up one's ass. Doesn't one?
Phoebe : No, you can't go. No-no-no, I can't hold this table on my own. If they ask me to move, I cave.
Phoebe : Okay, fine, I'll move. Alright, you don't have to manhandle me. (gets up) Where? (he points at a smaller table) Okay. Thank you. Wach.
Phoebe : Well, I guess they're not coming. You wanna just order?
Phoebe : Tomato tart and which of the pastas would you recommend?
Phoebe : Both it is, thank you.
Phoebe : You guys are over an hour late. What happened to you two?
Phoebe : And that's Judy over there at the bar with Emma?
Phoebe : Wher-where have you been?
Phoebe : You guys, we've been waiting for you for a long time, maybe you should order.
Phoebe : Aw ... what?
Phoebe : 's a good toast.
Phoebe : (getting up) Oh, for god's sake, Judy, pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! (everybody scared) I'm sorry, was that rude? Di-did my, my li-little outburst blunt (?) the hideousness (?) that is this evening? Look, I know, you all have a lot going on, but all I wanted to do was have dinner with my friends on my birthday. And you are all so late and you didn't even have the courtesy to call. (her cellular rings) Well, it's too late now.
Phoebe : well, this is, this is, this is not over! (on phone) Hello?
Phoebe : (returns) Okay, that was Mike.
Phoebe : Mhuh, guys, that means the world to me. Huh, nkay, I'm gonna take off.
Phoebe : Oh, I love you guys too, but Mike got off work early. Wait. Wait, I'm not t--not that kind of girl that just ditches her friends to be with her boyfriend. You know what? I am. Bye guys! (waves to the bar) Judy! Bye.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Well, okay, Mike's taking a shower, which by the way there's no law against. And then we're gonna grab some food, so if you want... (there's a door slamming in Ross's room, and some indistinct murmuring)
Phoebe : Is that Ross?
Phoebe : Sounds like he's with someone.
Phoebe : Oh that tart... floozy... giant...
Phoebe : Yeah, you're right. This is none of our business.
Phoebe : Oh, I'm not gonna do this, okay? I'm not gonna eavesdrop on my friend.
Phoebe : (whispering) Rachel and Joey! It's Rachel and Joey!!!
Phoebe : Get over here! (Chandler and Monica take a sprint to the other wall)
Phoebe : We've got shoes being kicked off over here.
Phoebe : You gotta hear this, it's great... It's like free porn! (Chandler eagerly rushes over) (Ross and Charlie's)
Phoebe : That's the door. He's gone...
Phoebe : Oh, we're just... we're sad to go so we're just saying goodbye to the hotel. (hugs the wall) I love you... Paradise Hotel, Golf resort and Spa... (she walks away from the wall)
Phoebe : Shhh... This is the listening side of the wall. (Now Joey also wants to listen, and wants to press his ears against the door, which has a big mirror on it, he hesitates seeing himself in the mirror, but still puts his ear against it. We move again to Rachel's room.)
Phoebe : YE-AH!
Phoebe : Now, what is this?
Phoebe : Oh no... Have you thought about it how complicated this could get? What about Ross?
Phoebe : Hey, have you guys seen Monica?
Phoebe : Oh yeah, oh, she went to the salon alright... (Monica enters, with her hair braided and little shells at the end)
Phoebe : Who's day just got better? CHANDLER! (Chandler enters from the bathroom)
Phoebe : Uhm... You know, once we're in the air and the captain turns off the seatbelt sign... you feel free to roam about my cabin...
Phoebe : Aaah... you're not good at this...
Phoebe : No, I think I can come over. It's Saturday, right?
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Why not?
Phoebe : You have a... You have a date? With who?
Phoebe : (lets go of his hand) You have... have a girlfriend?
Phoebe : For how long?
Phoebe : Three months? Okay... This is probably none of my business, but uhm, how long do you think you're gonna keep seeing her?
Phoebe : Oh, okay... good. You do that. And then when you get home, maybe there'll be a special delivery package waiting for you.
Phoebe : You know what, we're gonna have sex. Let's just leave it there. (cut to Charlie and Ross)
Phoebe : Hi, Mike's place.
Phoebe : Ooh, that was fast.
Phoebe : Yeah, you can't do that! Oh, come on Mike, strap on a pair.Why don't you just tell her that we got back together. You know, women appreciate honesty. We also appreciate gentle spanking once in a while. Just F.Y.I.
Phoebe : Her name is Precious? Is she a purebreed or did you pick her up at the pound?
Phoebe : Okay, oh and you know, if she gets upset, just scratch her tummy and give her a liver snout. (laughs and hangs up the phone) (there's knocking on the door which Phoebe opens)
Phoebe : (stunned) I... I'm Phoebe.
Phoebe : Enchante (she holds out her hand, and they shake hands)
Phoebe : Okay, bye. Alright, so Mike's on his way over. See, you thought you guys were meeting here, and he thought you were meeting at the restaurant, so you know... Doesn't really matter who's right or wrong. Point is... I'm gonna take off.
Phoebe : Alright... Susie, can I call you Susie?
Phoebe : Yeah, I can't say that. uhm... Susie, I'm gonna be straight with you... Mike and I are back together... and uhm... unfortunately that effectively ends your relationship with him. And he's very sorry about that and wishes you the best of luck in all your endeavours.
Phoebe : Well, I don't...
Phoebe : Nothing, there's nothing wrong with you.
Phoebe : Damn it woman, pull yourself together! Have some pride, for the love of God. (Precious starts crying)
Phoebe : Okay, not a fan of the tough love.
Phoebe : But he didn't really know, you know. He wasn't planning on coming to Barbados and proposing to me...
Phoebe : Look, Precious... Mike's not worth this. You're an attractive, intelligent woman and let's face it, Mike's kind of a wang. I mean, he proposed to me while he was still seeing you... He was gonna break-up with you on your birthday? And, I don't like to kiss-and-tell, but he cheated on you a lot this weekend.
Phoebe : You're welcome!
Phoebe : Hey guys!
Phoebe : Hey, have you seen Frank Jr., 'cause he's meeting me here with the triplets.
Phoebe : Hey, what's all this stuff?
Phoebe : Ooh, babies! Oh, this one is so cute, get this one!
Phoebe : Oh, how does it work?
Phoebe : Well, if you're having a hard time, you should talk to my friends, Bill and Colleen. They adopted a kid. I'm sure they'd help you.
Phoebe : Hey! Frank
Phoebe : Good to see you. Frank
Phoebe : Oh, god. So adorable. Look at them sleeping there like angels. Frank
Phoebe : Well, they may be a handful, but they're so cute. Frank
Phoebe : Oh, god, the last time I babysat them, they did the funniest thing.. Frank
Phoebe : That's a, that's a long time. Frank
Phoebe : Yeah, I know, Frank. I counted them when they were coming out of my area. Frank
Phoebe : What? Frank
Phoebe : Oh my god, Frank, are you thinking of leaving? Because I didn't have those triplets so you could just run out on them! Frank
Phoebe : What?! You can't separate them! That's terrible. Which one?
Phoebe : Okay, well, this is crazy. Can't seriously be talking about me taking one of your kids, can we? Frank
Phoebe : Insane. Frank
Phoebe : Alice would never go for it, right? Frank
Phoebe : Well, just you know, for argument's sake, you know, hypothetically. Which one would you be willing to give up? Frank
Phoebe : Frank Jr.Jr.? Frank
Phoebe : Uh-huh. Frank
Phoebe : Well, alright, that's fine. What about Leslie? Frank
Phoebe : Alright, so that leaves Chandler. Frank
Phoebe : Wow, Frank. I think we just ran out of kids. Frank
Phoebe : I'm sorry, Frank. I didn't realise things were so bad. You know, I'll help out more. I can - I can babysit any time you want. You name the day, and I'll be there. Frank
Phoebe : Well, that's not good. But you know, I can move some stuff around, and I'll be there. You and Alice just take the whole day together. Frank
Phoebe : Are you kidding? That's what sisters are for. Frank Jr. (looks at the
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : Still, he had to find out sometime.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, you won't believe who moved back to town.
Phoebe : You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on the phone? (apes Amanda in a british accent) "Oh, so sorry to catch one of your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call me on my mo-Bile!"
Phoebe : Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel". All right, who hasn't?
Phoebe : Ugh, Let's just cut her out!
Phoebe : Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and dodge her 'till she gets the point!
Phoebe : Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could baby-sit again.
Phoebe : Oh, you're right! I was just kidding about Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! (The machine picks up the phone)
Phoebe : Ok, don't hold thy breath! (Sound of dialing numbers is heard from the speaker of the machine)
Phoebe : Why, why, why didn't you just say no!
Phoebe : (leaving) Fine, fine! You would not hold up well under torture!
Phoebe : I did!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both out of here?
Phoebe : (makes a face) Are you kidding, I love it! (A blonde woman walks in. Supposedly Amanda)
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Musty!
Phoebe : Well...kinda.
Phoebe : Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". (Monica's mobile starts ringing. She picks it up.)
Phoebe : (Also gets up and starts taking her purse) Oh my God. Was Mike with him?
Phoebe : Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Phoebe : Please, Monica? In the hall? (They both walk to the door and enter the hallway.)
Phoebe : It was right after we were living together and you were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and shrill.
Phoebe : You're also so generous and kind and scrappy!
Phoebe : Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only one who ever clawed her way back in.
Phoebe : Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you.
Phoebe : Yeah, I guess you're right. (They both enter the apartment again, where Amanda is "dancing" for Chandler, but she's really terrible at it)
Phoebe : Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm... when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood to buy us food!
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule!
Phoebe : Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant people!
Phoebe : Yeah! I wrote Emma a song.
Phoebe : Joey, it's a birthday party.
Phoebe : So you're gonna... hit on her?
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : Or you could stick a fork in an apple!
Phoebe : Separate performances.
Phoebe : Sure, yeah!
Phoebe : (to Joey) Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing prepared?
Phoebe : That's right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to hers. For there's no greater gift, than the gift of music. (she starts singing) Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma! Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy birthday Emma!
Phoebe : No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading (she picks up a book). Sex and the single mother. (pause) Finding your G-spot.
Phoebe : And you know, I have a massage client soon.
Phoebe : Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go.
Phoebe : Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! (Phoebe and Joey run towards the bathroom and enter)
Phoebe : No, it did not.
Phoebe : Joey? How could you just let them leave?
Phoebe : Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client waiting outside my door any minute!
Phoebe : Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as the person who realized that, I get to go!
Phoebe : No, lets just draw straws.
Phoebe : (Visibly excited) Yeah!! Let's do that!
Phoebe : Ok! I want the dolphin!
Phoebe : I'm too excited!
Phoebe : Go! Go!
Phoebe : Good job Alan!
Phoebe : Yeah, see you later! (Joey and Phoebe leave for the door)
Phoebe : Hey, are Ross and Rachel back?
Phoebe : Oh good, I didn't miss the party.
Phoebe : I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. (Joey comes running into the apartment, out of breath.)
Phoebe : (pointing at cake) Hey, you made it into a bunny.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary.
Phoebe : YEAH!
Phoebe : Uh-uh. Ehm, a Knicks game.
Phoebe : Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room.
Phoebe : Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. (looking at her ticket). Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they're in my seat. It's my anniversary. (to Mike) Here we are! (Mike nods). Can't believe it's been a whole year!
Phoebe : ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH!
Phoebe : YOU'RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND (crowd stops cheering) YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED (everyone hears it and stare at them.) (to everybody) IT'S OUR ANNIVERSARY!
Phoebe : Oh how lame... oh, it's so tacky, and impersonal.
Phoebe : Oh, it's the worst way to propose!
Phoebe : Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever.
Phoebe : Well, mine was worse than that.
Phoebe : We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing...
Phoebe : Well, that's what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night!
Phoebe : Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don't think he's ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this!
Phoebe : Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate?
Phoebe : (To Rachel and Ross) Well, do you think I should propose?
Phoebe : Ok, ok, so how should I do it?
Phoebe : Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two (points to Ross and Chandler) like that?
Phoebe : No, I've got work and then I'm proposing..
Phoebe : Uhuh, uhuh... (seems distracted)
Phoebe : I'm not. I'm praying. (looking up) Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor! (Mike is standing up) Where... where are you going?
Phoebe : Well, I think you should wait.
Phoebe : Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients.
Phoebe : Mike Hannigan... will you marry me? (Mike looks bewildered)
Phoebe : That's not very enlightened! (There's booing around them, and Mike sinks in his chair, holding his hand in above his eyes, hoping no-one would recognize him)
Phoebe : Hey, hey! (shouting) Boo us? Boo you!
Phoebe : That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls.
Phoebe : (the waiter puts a piece of cake on the table) I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake. (Mike's face changes from happy to sad, and he looks at the cake, disappointed.)
Phoebe : It's in the cake, isn't it?
Phoebe : What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Phoebe : Oh my God! (Mike starts to kneel in front of Phoebe.)
Phoebe : Wait! Oh wait! (she takes off a ring that was already on her left ring finger. After that Mike starts to kneel again, but then...) Oh no! (She was wearing rings on all her fingers and her thumb, and takes all of these off.)
Phoebe : Uh-huh! (and now Mike kneels properly)
Phoebe : Yes! (Mike puts the ring on her finger)
Phoebe : I love you more!
Phoebe : (she enters) Hey...
Phoebe : Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this... (she shows her ring) HUGE engagement ring!
Phoebe : Well, it was really sweet, and like the most romantic thing ever.
Phoebe : Thank you! (to Rachel) Oh, and I have something for you!
Phoebe : It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers of all the guys I've dated.
Phoebe : I would, but you're the last one.
Phoebe : Oh, my first love!
Phoebe : Dead. (everyone is a bit upset) Oh, it's OK, no, he was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave at Omaha Beach.
Phoebe : (proud of herself) Oh yes, they are. OPENING CREDITS
Phoebe : (looking at Monica entering) Hey!
Phoebe : Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing out stuff, so Mike could move in.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together?
Phoebe : A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me to get rid of Gladys.
Phoebe : Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh, I know!! Oh, you should take her!
Phoebe : Why, you don't like her?
Phoebe : Really? You think?
Phoebe : Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her.
Phoebe : Hi! Sorry, I'm late.
Phoebe : No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news is, Gladys is yours!
Phoebe : Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know, with the woman coming out of the frame.
Phoebe : Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too!
Phoebe : Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads, she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. (she flips the coin). Tails! Monica, she's yours!
Phoebe : (smiling from ear to ear) Well, Gladys say hello to your new home! (she holds out the 'painting')
Phoebe : (genuinely excited about it) Yeah, yeah! And you can get rid of that French poster.
Phoebe : Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it. Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom?
Phoebe : Hey! (there's a pause)
Phoebe : You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her anymore. (she goes out into the hallway and enters with an even more hideous painting/collage. One of those faceles mannequins heads wearing a blueish dress and orange gloves reaching out into the room. Around the head 3 small dolls are hovering.) Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. (Rachel and Monica are gasping for air at the sight of this monstrous piece of art.)
Phoebe : I knew it!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was!
Phoebe : So what did you two do about it?
Phoebe : But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use?
Phoebe : Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity and we just got married at City Hall?
Phoebe : Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity
Phoebe : Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one (she gives him a check) Charity
Phoebe : And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous.
Phoebe : Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay. Charity
Phoebe : Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y.
Phoebe : Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good!
Phoebe : Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts! (she takes a t-shirt which was on the counter) Charity
Phoebe : Mhm... it's moist.
Phoebe : Hello, is this the creepy residence?
Phoebe : Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won't be needing a veil, I actually won't be wearing a dress at all!
Phoebe : No, no, no, we're not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity.
Phoebe : We, you know, we're different! We don't care about having a huge party. (She picks up the veil) This is really nice for you, but, oh, please, I put this on? (she puts it on) And, ow, I look (she looks her reflex image on a toaster), why, well, radiant. (pause) All right, well, who cares, I don't need a pretty veil and a fancy dress.
Phoebe : City Hall.
Phoebe : It's ok, it's ok. I made my decision. What I really want is a great big wedding (she covers her mouth)
Phoebe : Well, I'll just ask for it back!
Phoebe : It's for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity
Phoebe : The donation we made earlier, we k..., we w..., we want it back. Charity
Phoebe : Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn't want, but it turns out we do. Charity
Phoebe : I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity
Phoebe : Hey, that's not fair! A person's wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn't have a graduation party! And I didn't go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to "kill me" or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty little man make me feel badly about it.( She storms out)
Phoebe : (Lightly) Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.
Phoebe : Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up. (thinks for a few seconds) Just like the kids I took the money from.
Phoebe : Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted.
Phoebe : And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't shot anyone in a really long time.
Phoebe : (to the Charity guy) We're back! Charity
Phoebe : Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children. (the Charity guy smiles wanting to take the check, but Phoebe pulls it back again. His smile fades.)
Phoebe : Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here. (she gives the check and pulls it back again) No... Oh God... Oh! Charity
Phoebe : But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity
Phoebe : (looks at the amount on the check, and gasps) Well, this is very generous! Charity
Phoebe : Oh, is that you? Charity
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Well, personally I think it's great you're giving yourself a break.
Phoebe : Sure. It's just as well... I mean, last year wasn't very good. I think she's losing her touch.
Phoebe : Am I? Really? Am I? Well, why don't you cook Thanksgiving dinner and prove me wrong! Well, think about it, think about it, you'll be trying to top than you did last year. You'd be in competition... with yourself.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, yeah, happy needless-turkey-murder day.
Phoebe : You're not making the pies yourself?
Phoebe : Hey Rach.
Phoebe : What's Emma doing today?
Phoebe : Well, I wanna enter her in a baby beauty pageant.
Phoebe : Okay, but, well, before you say no, my friend Susanne is entering her kid and compared to Emma she's a real dog!
Phoebe : (sarcastic) Oh... okay.
Phoebe : Okay, oh, and Emma needs a cowgirl outfit for the competition.
Phoebe : Well, I was thinking...
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Hey.
Phoebe : We can't leave now! There was this one baby, Haley, who was favourite to win and she got croup, so she had to stay home! This competition just blew wide open, folks!
Phoebe : Oh, I know, we should have been more prepared. (she looks around) It's okay. Now, the way I see it, our real competition now is Cameron. Oh my God, they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms! Hello Michelin Man.
Phoebe : (panicking) But Emma's got what it takes, she could go all the way!
Phoebe : Okay. Rachel, the hottest babies in the Tri-State Area are in this room right now! I overheard one of the judges say that not one of them holds a candle to Emma!
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Yeah!
Phoebe : Good! Oh yay! Let's get down to business! Emma needs some makeup!
Phoebe : Well, she's gonna look all washed out next to the other contestants!
Phoebe : Why not!
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : No, we're late!
Phoebe : Don't point that thing at me, Tribbiani!
Phoebe : Uh, we were at the Spelling Bee!
Phoebe : And it looks like she put makeup on her!
Phoebe : You guys, there are people in there who are not getting any happier!
Phoebe : Alright, what are we gonna say?
Phoebe : Oh, good, that's good, but you don't look like you were mugged!
Phoebe : We're just... we're trying to figure out an excuse. Hey! Ooh! How about
Phoebe : Well, I'm not going in first. I bet that vein on Monica's forehead is popping like crazy.
Phoebe : Oh, really? Does it beat water balloon? (She places her hand over his "fire" and mimics a bursting water balloon, thus putting the fire out).
Phoebe : It's locked.
Phoebe : What are we gonna do? I'm starving.
Phoebe : Oh yeah! [cut to Monica and Chandler]
Phoebe : Well, I don't know if that's such a good idea. They clearly don't want to be with us.
Phoebe : So bad.
Phoebe : Pies, oh, we thought you said priiiize (goes to the hall and comes back with Emma's trophy in her hand). Here! (gives it to Monica). (Monica takes it and reads the label)
Phoebe : Come on you guys, let's just do our own Thanksgiving.
Phoebe : I'll pull you through.
Phoebe : I've already stuffed a bunch of Brussel sprouts down his pants.
Phoebe : Just a sec., we're kind in the middle of something here. (Rachel, Ross and Phoebe have their hands full and are stuffing all kinds of things down Joeys pants.)
Phoebe : I know. Have you considered pageanting?
Phoebe : Oh, right! Your adoption interview!
Phoebe : What are you gonna name the baby?
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends!
Phoebe : Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists!
Phoebe : Mandy.
Phoebe : No.
Phoebe : Fine, I'll give you her number.
Phoebe : SARAH!
Phoebe : Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right?
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night.
Phoebe : Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back?
Phoebe : What are you talking about? Sarah's great!
Phoebe : That's it? That's why you won't go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal!
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : I'm sorry, I can't believe I set you up with such a MONSTER!
Phoebe : (to Rachel) Oh
Phoebe : Thank God you're here. Listen to this!
Phoebe : Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries...
Phoebe : What? You know about the plate thing?
Phoebe : (to Joey) You wouldn't let her have a grape?
Phoebe : Well, I still think that it's a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table!
Phoebe : (to Ross) This place is awesome!
Phoebe : Wow!
Phoebe : Yeah! (Ross wears the jackets and look at himself in the mirror)
Phoebe : What? They will be!
Phoebe : Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got.
Phoebe : Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination?
Phoebe : oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.
Phoebe : If you had to, what would you give up, food or sex?
Phoebe : Ross, how about you. What would you give up, sex or food?
Phoebe : Ok, how about... uhm... sex or dinosaurs?
Phoebe : Oh, how cute!
Phoebe : Oh, she looks just like a little doll!
Phoebe : Oh, thank God, 'cause that thing's really creepy! (looking outside the window) Look, there's Chandler. (he's on the street, talking to a woman)
Phoebe : OH! He's having an affair.
Phoebe : You know, I'm always right about these things.
Phoebe : Well, I'm sorry but it's hard to believe that anyone would tell a story that dull just to tell it! (looking outside) See, there's something going on with them. Look, he's getting into the car with her!
Phoebe : Oh yeah? Well, let's see. (she takes her mobile phone) Ok, duck down. (they both get down to hide themselves. Phoebe calls Chandler)
Phoebe : Oh, hi Chandler. It's Phoebe. Uhm... I know that Monica is working today so...(back to Central Perk) ...I was wondering if you want to come to the movies with me and Rachel.
Phoebe : (shocked) Oh, well, it's a shame that you-that you miss the movie 'cause we were gonna see, you know, either "Liar, Liar" or "Betrayal", or... "An Affair To Remember".
Phoebe : Ok, then maybe it'll be, uhm...
Phoebe : (glancing at her) What?
Phoebe : (to Chandler at the phone) Okay, we-we'll talk to you later. Okay, bye.
Phoebe : Ok. Quick. We gotta find a cab and follow them.
Phoebe : (patting her bag) I got them!
Phoebe : So, should we tell her?
Phoebe : Why? Who?d you seen him with?
Phoebe : TELL ME WHAT YOU KNOW!
Phoebe : All right. (she releases him). He is a good guy. You?re right, he wouldn?t cheat.
Phoebe : WHO DID YOU SEE HIM WITH?
Phoebe : Well, look, whatever happens, we?re here for you and we love you. Monica
Phoebe : They went in together. So sorry.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : Why do you have a realtor?
Phoebe : So you're gonna move?
Phoebe : Have you thought about what you would be giving up? You can't move out of the city, what if you want Chinese food at 5am? Or a fake Rolex that breaks as soon as it rains or an Asian hooker sent right to your door?
Phoebe : Wha..? Again with the nature, what are you? Beavers?
Phoebe : Yeah, but so is this.
Phoebe : You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Phoebe : [looking outside the window] Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles. [They all look at the window, grossed out, then flinch in pain.]
Phoebe : Hey, it?s your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help. The
Phoebe : (walks him to the kitchen) Easy. Step. How did it get on?
Phoebe : Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
Phoebe : Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head inside a turkey's ass! (They hear Monica trying to unlock the door. So Phoebe quickly pushes his head down onto the table to make it look like the turkey is just sitting on a platter and not stuck on Joey's head.)
Phoebe : Ok, you guys, I don?t mean to make things worse, but umm, I don?t want to live with Rachel anymore. Monica and
Phoebe : You?re just so mean to each other! And I don?t want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
Phoebe : What else?
Phoebe : That?s nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Phoebe : Yeah, you don't wanna live in Westchester. That's like the worst of the Chesters.
Phoebe : (to Monica) You're gonna be okay?
Phoebe : Oh! These are the ones I was looking at in the store. (she got earrings)
Phoebe : Great!
Phoebe : Yeah, sorry boys, this ride's closing.
Phoebe : (to Rachel) Thank you so much for this.
Phoebe : Oh my God, it's all so elegant! When's the dirty stuff starting?
Phoebe : You know, the strippers, and the guys dancing, and you know, pee-pee's flying about.
Phoebe : Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok. (she drinks her tea) Hmmmm... raunchy!
Phoebe : Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelorette party I'm ever gonna have! I've got a big wad of ones in my purse! Really? I mean, really? It's just tea?
Phoebe : (Excited, running back to her seat) Oh!
Phoebe : Oh, God!
Phoebe : Rachel?
Phoebe : Are you kidding?
Phoebe : How old is your phonebook?
Phoebe : Oh God no, I don't wanna see him take his clothes off!
Phoebe : This is how I look when I'm turned on!
Phoebe : Shocking!
Phoebe : Three hundred dollars, are you kidding?
Phoebe : No, you're not gonna pay him, he didn't do anything!
Phoebe : I don't care. We're not paying you 300 dollars for this.
Phoebe : Oh yeah, okay. I'm uptight. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in what I can only assume is a child halloween costume! (turns to look at Monica and Rachel who look like they feel very sorry for the stripper)
Phoebe : I'm sorry, did you say all man or old man?
Phoebe : You know, it's fine. We'll pay you.
Phoebe : Or you could teach stripping. You know, share your gift, pass the torch.
Phoebe : There you go. Okay, do you think you're gonna be okay?
Phoebe : (after a pause) Finish it!
Phoebe : Your last dance. Do it for us.
Phoebe : Yeah, yeah. He deserves to do the thing he loves one last time.
Phoebe : Oh this is so ho-o-ot! (Roy then sits on Phoebe's lap, looking exhausted)
Phoebe : Oh no, no, no, don't stop!
Phoebe : Oh, hey Joey.
Phoebe : Listen, I need to ask you something. Ok, you know how my step dad's in prison.
Phoebe : Yeah. Well, uhm... listen he was supposed to get a weekend furlough, so he'd come to the wedding tomorrow, but he just called and... uhm... well, apparently stabbing Iceman in the exercise yard just couldn't wait till Monday.
Phoebe : No, and so there's no one to walk me down the aisle and... well, I would just really love it if you would do it.
Phoebe : Yeah, you've... you know, sort of been like a dad to me. I mean, you've always, you know, looked out for me and shared your wisdom...
Phoebe : So... what do you say?
Phoebe : Oh, thank you. I hope... I hope you know how much you mean to me.
Phoebe : Oh.
Phoebe : (her mobile phone rings) Oh, it's my wedding planner. She's driving me crazy! (she answers) Hello... Hey, ok, stop screaming! Ok? So, halibut. All right, so salmon, either way. I don't-I don't... it doesn't matter to me!
Phoebe : Well, I don't care, so you pick!
Phoebe : Uh-uh. Ok. What time is that.
Phoebe : Why, I must have been in missile training the day they taught that.
Phoebe : Ok, so... 1800 minus twelve is... one thousand, seven hundred and...
Phoebe : Ok.
Phoebe : Ice sculpture? That sounds really fancy! I told you I just want a simple wedding.
Phoebe : What harpist? My friend Marjorie is playing the steel drums.
Phoebe : She did? Why?
Phoebe : (looking angry) Hey! She will shower when Tibet is free.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Okay, what did we say was your one gift to us?
Phoebe : Rehearse it!
Phoebe : So Rach.
Phoebe : Where is Emma?
Phoebe : What's up?
Phoebe : Uhm... well, they're not in the wedding.
Phoebe : I'm sorry you guys but, you know, Mike's got his brother and his friends from school so... you know, you were-you were... if it helps you, you were next in line, you just-you just missed the cut.
Phoebe : Oh! I though the pot stickers were supposed to be vegetarian!
Phoebe : I don't have a fax machine.
Phoebe : I decided to pee.
Phoebe : Oh no, no. I can't choose between you two! I love you both so much!
Phoebe : Oh, I don't wanna choose! It's (Rachel is walking by). Oh okay, wait. Rach! Listen I have a very special bridesmaid task for you today.
Phoebe : Well, there's a spot open for only one groomsman and you have to choose between Ross and Chandler. So good luck with that.
Phoebe : All right, I guess I'll have to find a new bridesmaid.
Phoebe : Ok. Hello everyone and thank you all for being here tonight. So tomorrow's the big event and some of you might not know, but Mike and I didn't get off to the best start. (she reads a note). My friend Joey and I decided to fix each other up with friends so I, I... (Monica is twirling her hands in order to make Phoebe speed up her speech) oh I... hum... I gave it a lot of thought and I fixed him up with my friend Mary Ellen who couldn't be here tonight because... (Monica is tapping her watch with her finger) it's not important... she is in rehab. Anyway, so, ok, Joey said that he was fixing me up with his friend Mike, only he didn't have a friend Mike so he just brought, uhm, my Mike and, and (Monica clears her throat) but despite, you know... it got... it got good. Ok, I wanna take a moment to mention my mother, who couldn't be here... Monica (rolling her
Phoebe : And... moment's over! (Rachel, Joey and Chandler all turn and look disapprovingly towards Monica but she just shrugs it off) So, ok, uh, I can forget that. I can forget that and uhm... (she's flipping cards skipping half of them) Oh this is funny! Oh, but you need to know that to... that, to... Oh, ok, well, uhm, I (Monica is miming CUT). Ok, ok, I, ok, I.... MONICA I CAN'T DO IT LIKE THIS! THIS IS MY WEDDING! OKAY, I DON'T WANT THIS (she mimes Monica's when she was twirling her hands) OR THIS (she taps her watch) OR THIS (she mimes CUT) OK? I JUST WANTED A SIMPLE WEDDING! WHERE MY FIANCEE CAN GO TO THE BATHROOM ANYTIME HE WANTS! (pause) You know what? You're done.
Phoebe : YOU'RE FIRED! (mimes the CUT again) (pause and she raises her glass) Cheers! (Chandler raises his, smiling and Monica stares at him and he puts down his glass.)
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, happy my wedding day to you!
Phoebe : Oh, well that's ok. I think you and I will do much better if you're just... here as a bridesmaid.
Phoebe : Wow, this is a lot!
Phoebe : You won awards?
Phoebe : Sven I don't understand what you're saying! What is wrong with the flowers? Lorkins? What the hell are lorkins?
Phoebe : Listen, Mike, if you were Swedish and you were saying the word "lorkins" what flowers would that be?
Phoebe : Right there! That's why I'm marrying you! (Joey comes out from his room)
Phoebe : No! We're gonna do it my way. (listens) Because your way is stupid! Alright I gotta go, I have another call, Reverend. (switches calls) Hello? (Mike and Joey come out of Joey's room)
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Oh my God, what's it doing here?
Phoebe : (starting to panic) Oh my God, everything is such a mess. Why is this happening to me?
Phoebe : Alright, wait, so what you're saying is that the chef is at the Hamilton Club, but the food is not and the drinks are there, but the bartender is not? Are you, are you FREAKING KIDDING ME!?
Phoebe : (to Monica) Help me.
Phoebe : I want you to be Crazy Bitch again.
Phoebe : (Nearly in tears) Please?
Phoebe : More than I wanna get married.
Phoebe : (sounds scared already) About what?
Phoebe : I know.
Phoebe : What?
Phoebe : (Turning to Mike) What do you think?
Phoebe : Me too! (turning to Monica) Monica, do you think we could do it?
Phoebe : Oh, okay. Hi new dad. (Chandler waves)
Phoebe : Uhuh, uhuh... Oh my God! This is really happening.
Phoebe : Oh, thank you.
Phoebe : I love you guys. Rachel and
Phoebe : (nervously) Okay.
Phoebe : Oh wait, oh no. Wait. (She takes off the coat she was wearing over her wedding dress, which is violet and has a darker shade petticoat underneath which shows at one side where the dress is lifted up to about the height of her hip and connected to the petticoat. She's wearing a veil over her curly hair and a low cut top with straps only just hanging over her shoulders.)
Phoebe : I don't care... I'll be my something blue.
Phoebe : Thank you. (They start to leave Central Perk. The band starts to play "Here, There and Everywhere" by the Beatles. The crowd rises from their seats. Phoebe and Chandler walk down the aisle. Phoebe really glows with happiness. So does Mike who watches her walk down the isle. When Phoebe and Chandler arrive, they kiss and Phoebe walks to her bridesmaids.)
Phoebe : Na-ah. (the music ends)
Phoebe : When I was growing up, I didn't have a normal mom and dad, or a regular family like everybody else, and I always knew that something was missing. But now I'm standing here today, knowing that I have everything I'm ever gonna need... You are my family. (She puts the ring on Mikes finger)
Phoebe : Oh wait, oh I forgot... and uhm... I love you... and you have nice eyes.
Phoebe : I do. (Joey has a "Yeah you do" smile on his face)
Phoebe : I got married! (everyone applauds) Could someone get me a coat, I'm freaking freezing. (Mike takes off his coat to give to Phoebe and the steel band plays "The Wedding Song") COMMERCIAL BREAK
Phoebe : Hi
Phoebe : Oh, he's at the doctor, he didn't poop the whole time we were there!
Phoebe : Oh, why? What's up?
Phoebe : Oui, bien sur je parle Fran?ais! Qu'est-ce que tu penses alors?
Phoebe : Sure! Tout le plaisir est pour moi, mon ami.
Phoebe : All right, it seems pretty simple. Your first line is "My name is Claude", so, just repeat after me. "Je m'appelle Claude".
Phoebe : Well, just... let's try it again.
Phoebe : Je m'appelle Claude.
Phoebe : Uh. It's not... quite what I'm saying.
Phoebe : It does, really?
Phoebe : All right, let just try it again. Really listen.
Phoebe : (slowly) Je m'appelle Claude.
Phoebe : Oh, mon Dieu!
Phoebe : Hi!
Phoebe : Oh!
Phoebe : Ok. What are you gonna be doing today?
Phoebe : Je m'appelle Claude.
Phoebe : Noooo! Ok, maybe if we just break it down. Ok, let's try at one syllable at a time. Ok? So repeat after me. "je".
Phoebe : m'ap
Phoebe : pelle
Phoebe : Great, ok faster! "je"
Phoebe : m'ap
Phoebe : pelle
Phoebe : Je m'appelle!
Phoebe : Ok, it's too hard, I can't teach you!
Phoebe : I, I have to go before I put your head through a wall. (she leaves)
Phoebe : Hey Joey.
Phoebe : Listen, I feel really badly about yesterday and I thought about it a lot and, and I know, I was too impatient. SO lets try it again.
Phoebe : Really, can I hear some of it.
Phoebe : Well, you're not, (she tries to smile and contain her anger, but loses it) You're not... you're not... again, you're not SPEAKING FRENCH!
Phoebe : How could you possibly think that?
Phoebe : (in a French accent) Uh, excuse me. Uh, I am Regine Philange. I was passing by when I heard this man speaking the regional dialect of my French town of Estee Lauder.
Phoebe : ?coutez, je vais vous dire la verite. C'est mon petit fr?re. Il est un peu retarde.
Phoebe : Alors, si vous pouviez jouer le jeu avec lui...
Phoebe : (to the director) Merci. Au revoir.
Phoebe : Okay, can you really tapdance?
Phoebe : It's off the resume. (she strikes it through with a pencil)
Phoebe : Archery?
Phoebe : Horseback riding?
Phoebe : You can drink a gallon of milk in 10 seconds?
Phoebe : Come on! You can drink a gallon of milk in 10 seconds?
Phoebe : Ready... GO! (Joey takes the plastic container to his mouth and starts to drink. Most of the milk gushes from the bottle down his chin and over his clothes to the floor. He keeps "drinking" and all of a sudden he lifts it up and half the bottle of milk pours out in an instant. He then continues to drink the rest. He then puts the empty container down on the counter.)
Phoebe : Oh! Yeah, this is fun, couples night.
Phoebe : Wow!
Phoebe : I do, he's been working on that all day! (looking at Joey) OPENING CREDITS
Phoebe : Hey Mon? Was it weird changing your name to Geller-Bing?
Phoebe : Where did you go to do it?
Phoebe : Thanks! Honey, would you want me to take your name?
Phoebe : All right, let's see, call me mrs Hannigan.
Phoebe : What? Can't you see I'm in the middle of something? Ooh, I like it.
Phoebe : Okay!
Phoebe : Good for you. That was really mature.
Phoebe : Joey, you can't make someone do something they don't want to do. Believe me, there's something I've been trying to get Mike to do in bed and there's... he's just...
Phoebe : All right, prude... Look, Monica and Chandler really love this house. You are not gonna talk them into staying here.
Phoebe : (to the woman behind her) This place is so depressing. If I had to work here I'd kill myself. (she turns around and the clerk behind the counter heard her.) But you obviously haven't.
Phoebe : I need to change my name, please. See, I need to change it because I'm-I'm hiding from the law. (the clerk shows no change in expression whatsoever) You're fun.
Phoebe : Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's name is Hannigan, so is it supposed to be Buffay-Hannigan or Hannigan-Buffay?
Phoebe : Well, not anything, I mean...
Phoebe : Oh, this could take a while.
Phoebe : Okay.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, not anymore. I changed it today.
Phoebe : Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an opportunity to be creative. So meet Princess Consuela Banana Hammock.
Phoebe : Uh! Princess Consuela.
Phoebe : Uh-huh!
Phoebe : Uhm, no. I'm gonna have my friends call me Valerie. (Rachel enters, looking depressed)
Phoebe : What are you, what are you talking about? How did this happen?
Phoebe : Ross...
Phoebe : Can you?
Phoebe : And to knowing that your career doesn't mean everything. (Rachel mouths "aah")
Phoebe : Oh God!
Phoebe : Welcome back!
Phoebe : Oh, me too!
Phoebe : Well, I'm no longer Phoebe Buffay.
Phoebe : Yes I did!
Phoebe : Nope.
Phoebe : Yep.
Phoebe : Why? It's fun, it's different, no-one else has a name like it.
Phoebe : Great, okay, what are you gonna change it to?
Phoebe : (not amused) Mike Crap Bag?
Phoebe : You're not serious, right?
Phoebe : Uhu, uhu, well, then, great. If you love it, I love it.
Phoebe : And I love Crap.
Phoebe : Thank you, mister Bag. (a woman enters and recognizes Phoebe)
Phoebe : Oh hi Rita! Good! (to Mike) Oh, Rita's a massage client.
Phoebe : (shrugs) Er, Rita, this is my husband.
Phoebe : Yeah.
Phoebe : (without moving her lips, wearing a fake smile) Okay, I will. (to Rita) This is my husband Crap Bag.
Phoebe : Yeah... Ogh... Okay, fine. You made your point. Can you please just be Mike Hannigan again?
Phoebe : How about uhm... How about Buffay-Hannigan?
Phoebe : Yeah. I'm Phoebe Buffay-Hannigan Banana Hammock.
Phoebe : It's a funny word.
Phoebe : ...Oh crap!
Phoebe : Ooh, what's going on?
Phoebe : Good for you!
Phoebe : Of course we can. Congratulations. (they hug, but Joey shakes his head.) Yay! (she gestures Joey to come and join in) Joey...
Phoebe : You okay with this?
Phoebe : Talking to Ross.
Phoebe : Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard?
Phoebe : She died.
Phoebe : Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic. (Chandler and Monica look puzzled) Oh, wait a minute, I read the wrong one.
Phoebe : Yeah, she was just an agent.
Phoebe : Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge.
Phoebe : Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get used to everything else.
Phoebe : Hey. Everything ok?
Phoebe : Estelle? Why?
Phoebe : I'm guessing she does.
Phoebe : Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you will wait a minute before you call her.
Phoebe : Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason. (she leaves)
Phoebe : Man, tough week for Estelle!
Phoebe : Hey Joey, want come with me to? are you ok?
Phoebe : No, that wouldn't kill her. Ordinary embolism might.
Phoebe : No, no, no! Don't call her! You wait for her to call you (Joey considers it)
Phoebe : Because patience is the road to understanding (she thinks) which ... is the key... to a happy heart.
Phoebe : (picking up her bag) All right, so promise you're gonna wait for her to call you?
Phoebe : (on the other side of the line, still pretending to be Estelle) Joey, it's Estelle. (Joey's eyes bulge up, he looks afraid)
Phoebe : Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for firing me.
Phoebe : Well, I didn't think I should just drop by...
Phoebe : Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay.
Phoebe : (Looks around) It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with the career. You're gonna be huge.
Phoebe : Hey!
Phoebe : Oh, he has a gig. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My husband has a gig.
Phoebe : Oh, he's playing organ for a children's roller-skating party.
Phoebe : Uh-hmm.
Phoebe : Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel internationally again!
Phoebe : I know.
Phoebe : Ok well, before you do, I know we weren't supposed to get you going away presents, (she takes something out from her pocket) but I do have something for you.
Phoebe : It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while you are over there, you can use the DNA to create your own Pheebs!
Phoebe : I love you too. (they hug) Please don't... Don't turn into... you know... French bitch! (they hug again)
Phoebe : Ok.
Phoebe : (to Monica) Are you wearing waterproof mascara?
Phoebe : Oh, you're so screwed. (Monica goes into the guest room)
Phoebe : She's gonna say goodbye to each of us individually.
Phoebe : Yeah, I know, it's gonna be even worse for you... God... Ross, get ready to do some serious crying.
Phoebe : (from the other side of the room) Yeah!
Phoebe : These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a waterpipe with these, they'll snap like a piece of licorice.
Phoebe : Where do you think Mike really is? (she giggles, Chandler looks aghast)
Phoebe : I don't know. But, God, Joey seems to be handling it suprisingly well. (Rachel and Joey hug, and Rachel turns to enter the apartment through the side window again. At that moment Joey tries to climb over the edge of the balcony.)
Phoebe : You know, maybe she was just really spent from our talk. It was pretty intense.
Phoebe : Ross, if you're this upset, you should go and talk to her.
Phoebe : Tell me about it.
Phoebe : All right, I think I'm gonna head out.
Phoebe : I thought I was going home to go to bed, but I'm sensing there's something less fun for me to do here.
Phoebe : How was your night?
Phoebe : Yeah, you got to get to the hospital.
Phoebe : Okay. (she starts to stuff styrofoam peanuts down the front of Joey's pants.)
Phoebe : All right, ready?
Phoebe : All right, here it goes... (she knees him in the crotch. He jumps up a bit)
