Rachel : Oh God Monica hi! I just went to your building and you weren't there and then this guy with a big hammer said you might be here and you are, you are!
Rachel : Hi, sure!
Rachel : Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (TO WAITRESS, WHO HAS B ROUGHT HER COFFEE)Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realised that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, he always looked familiar, but ... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (TO Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Rachel : Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue... SCENE 2: Monica'S APARTMENT (All PRESENT and WATCHING A SPANISH SOAP ON TV)
Rachel : (ON PHONE) Daddy, I just... I can't marry him! I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
Rachel : C'mon Daddy, listen to me! All of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Rachel : Look Daddy, it's my life. Well maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Rachel : Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait!! Wait, I said maybe!! (CUT TO SAME SET. Rachel IS BREATHING INTO A PAPER BAG)
Rachel : I'm all better now.
Rachel : Please, no, go, that'd be fine!
Rachel : Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so nothing!
Rachel : Well actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight..
Rachel : Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- (STOPS TALKING; DIALS A NUMBER ON THE PHON E) Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway... (CUT TO Ross' APARTMENT)
Rachel : Oh...see... but Joanie loved Chachi! That's the difference! (CUT TO Ross')
Rachel : Isn't this amazing? I mean, I have never made coffee before in my entire life.
Rachel : Hello, Paul.
Rachel : So, like, you guys all have jobs?
Rachel : Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
Rachel : I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.
Rachel : Oh, yeah.
Rachel : Oh wow. Are you in trouble.
Rachel : Oh, look, wish me luck!
Rachel : I'm gonna go get one of those job things. (EXIT Monica) SCENE 5: IRIDIUM (JUST Monica, WORKING) (ENTER FRANNIE)
Rachel : Guess what?
Rachel : Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
Rachel : You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
Rachel : They're my new 'I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots' boots!
Rachel : Uh, credit card.
Rachel : Um... my... father. (CUT TO THE GANG AT Monica + Rachel'S, SITTING ROUND A TABLE. ON THE TABLE ARE Rachel'S CREDIT CARDS and A PAIR OF SCISSORS)
Rachel : I know that. That's why I was getting married.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : I don't think so.
Rachel : (TO Ross) You gonna crash on the couch?
Rachel : Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. (MON SMILES) What?
Rachel : Sorry-
Rachel : No, you have it, really, I don't want it-
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : I knew.
Rachel : I did.
Rachel : Yeah, maybe...
Rachel : Goodnight.
Rachel : (WALKS UP WITH A POT OF COFFEE) Would anybody like more coffee?
Rachel : I'm just serving it.
Rachel : See, there's always one guy. (MOCKING) "If I had a wish, I'd wish for three more wishes." (ENTER Joey)
Rachel : Look look look look look, my first pay check! Look at the window, there's my name! Hi, me!
Rachel : God, isn't this exciting? I earned this. I wiped tables for it, I steamed milk for it, and it was totally- (OPENS ENVELOPE) -not worth it. Who's FICA? Why's he getting all my money? I mean, what- Chandler, look at that.
Rachel : Oh my God! (Rachel, LESLIE, KIKI and JOANNE All SCREAM and HUG EACH OTHER)
Rachel : What are you guys doing here?
Rachel : (TO (PREGNANT) LESLIE) Look at you, you are so big I can't believe it!
Rachel : (TO JOANNE) So what's going on with you?
Rachel : So c'mon, you guys, tell me all the dirt!
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : What? Guys, I'm not.
Rachel : I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job-
Rachel : Okay, I'm not just waitressing. I'm.. I, um... I write the specials on the specials board, and, uh... and I, uh... I take the uh dead flowers out of the vase... Oh, and, um, sometimes Artelle lets me put the little chocolate blobbies on the cookies.
Rachel : What's that?
Rachel : Okay. (GRABS THE BLENDER and STARTS TO DRINK)
Rachel : Oh, God, ask them what they want.
Rachel : But I haven't used my card in weeks!
Rachel : They wanna know if I'm okay. Okay.. they wanna know if I'm okay, okay, let's see. Well, let's see, the FICA guys took all my money, everyone I know is either getting married, or getting promoted, or getting pregnant, and I'm getting coffee! And it's not even for me! So if that sounds like I'm okay, okay, then you can tell them I'm okay, okay?
Rachel : Alright, c'mon! (MISERABLY) Let's play Twister! SCENE 4: THE GUYS AT THE GAME (TRYING TO FIND THEIR SEATS)
Rachel : Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what?
Rachel : ...Jack from downstairs?
Rachel : Okay, but Pheebs, Pheebs, Jack gave up a cow, I gave up an orthodontist. Okay, I-I-I know, I know I didn't love him-
Rachel : But see, it was a plan. Y'know, it was clear. It was figured out, and now everything's just kinda like-
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together?
Rachel : Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans? (CUT TO THE GAME)
Rachel : I'm so sorry, you guys. I didn't mean to bring you down.
Rachel : Thank God. Food. (SHE GOES TO GET IT)
Rachel : (MISERABLE) No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese. Pizza
Rachel : Uh, Pheebs? Who's George Snuffalopagus?
Rachel : Hello? Who are we spying on?
Rachel : Oh, him, the little guy? Oh, I love him!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh please, they're having sex.
Rachel : So, whaddya think George is like?
Rachel : How long?
Rachel : Okay, okay, okay, I got one! (SHE SITS UP and THE CUSHION SHE WAS LEANING AGAINST FAllS OFF THE BALCONY) Anyway- The valentine Tommy Rollerson left in your locker was really from me.
Rachel : Hello? Like he was really gonna send you one? (TO Phoebe) She was a big girl.
Rachel : I was laughing! You made me laugh! (Monica and Rachel START TO SQUABBLE)
Rachel : He is so cute!
Rachel : Oh, okay. Will you take my place?
Rachel : Nooo! (TAKES THE PHONE; Chandler TAKES HER PLACE) Hello? Oh, yeah, no, I know, I-I haven't been using it much. Oh, well, thanks, but, I'm okay, really.
Rachel : I've got magic beans. Never-never mind.
Rachel : Come on! You guys can pee standing up.
Rachel : [waitressing] Does anybody want anything else?
Rachel : It's my father. He wants to give me a Mercedes convertible.
Rachel : Yeah, well, it's a Mercedes if I move back home. Oh, it was horrible. He called me young lady.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, yeah. Actually, I got the extended disco version, with three choruses of "You'll never make it on your own".
Rachel : Oh, big glamour night. Me and Monica at Laundorama.
Rachel : Who?
Rachel : Don't you have a laundry room in your building?
Rachel : Sure. [Cut back to Joey and Angela at the counter.]
Rachel : Oh, 'scuse me. I was kinda using that machine.
Rachel : But I saved it. I put my basket on top.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Hi, uh, nothing. That horrible woman just took my machine.
Rachel : Yeah, but, there were no suds.
Rachel : Well, you know, no suds, no save.
Rachel : That was amazing. I can't even send back soup.
Rachel : What's that?
Rachel : Oh god. Oh, am I being like a total laundry spaz? I mean, am I supposed to use like one machine for shirts and another machine for pants?
Rachel : Well, not myself, but I know other people that have. Ok, you caught me. I'm a laundry virgin.
Rachel : [holds a pair of panties in front of Ross] Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Rachel : Ok, I know this is gonna sound really stupid, but I feel that if I can do this, you know, if I can actually do my own laundry, there isn't anything I can't do.
Rachel : What uh-oh?
Rachel : Ross, what's the matter?
Rachel : Come on, show me.
Rachel : Oh, everything's pink.
Rachel : Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry! [The woman who had tried to steal the washing machine walks by, and laughs.] Scene: The fancy restaurant. [ Angela has her hand in Bob's shirt, and Monica is very uncomfortable.]
Rachel : Oh, I guess. Except everything looks like jammies now. [The same woman walks over and takes Rachel's laundry cart.]
Rachel : Whoa, I'm sorry. Excuse me. We had this cart.
Rachel : I'm sorry, you know, maybe I wasn't being clear. Uh, this is our cart.
Rachel : Hey, hey, hey, hey, quit making up rules!
Rachel : All right, listen, missy. If you want this cart, you're gonna have to take me with it! [She thinks it over, and then walks away.]
Rachel : [to Ross] Yes! Did you see that?
Rachel : I could not have done this without you. [Rachel stands up and kisses Ross. He is stunned. A moment of silence follows.]
Rachel : Are you sure?
Rachel : Oh, are you sure you're ok?
Rachel : Does it still hurt?
Rachel : Where's Chandler?
Rachel : (READING THE PROGRAMME) Ooh! Look! Look! Look! Look, there's Joey's picture! This is so exciting!
Rachel : God. I feel violated.
Rachel : Oh, c'mon. She's a person, you can do it!
Rachel : What is it?
Rachel : Tah-daaah!
Rachel : Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Rachel : Well, whaddya think?
Rachel : I dunno.. I-I thought it looked better there. And I- and also, it's an extra seat around the coffee table.
Rachel : Okay, uh, you let me go grocery shopping, and I buy laundry detergent, but it's not the one with the easy-pour spout.
Rachel : ..You're, you're 'mah mah mah' what?
Rachel : Who is being loud?
Rachel : Ooh, do I sense a little bit of resentment?
Rachel : Oh, Joey, you know what, no-one is gonna be able to tell.
Rachel : Uh, Mon, you-you gonna leave your shoes out here?
Rachel : Really? Just casually strewn about in that reckless haphazard manner?
Rachel : Everybody? Shh, shhh. Uhhh... Central Perk is proud to present the music of Miss Phoebe Buffay. [applause]
Rachel : Wow, this is so cool, you guys. The entire city is blacked out!
Rachel : Wow, you guys, this is big.
Rachel : That had to hurt! Scene: ATM vestibule.
Rachel : Alright, somebody.
Rachel : Um... Ross?
Rachel : Oh come on, I already went.
Rachel : Oh, alright. The weirdest place would have to be... [sigh]... oh, the foot of the bed.
Rachel : I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
Rachel : There, well, see? Barry wouldn't even kiss me on a miniature golf course.
Rachel : No, he said we were holding up the people behind us.
Rachel : I mean, do you think there are people who go through life never having that kind of...
Rachel : Yeah right.
Rachel : [sigh] OK.
Rachel : You don't.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : You do?
Rachel : Oh Ross, you're so great. [she playfully rubs his head and gets up] [Ross gets up, pleased with himself.]
Rachel : What are you shushing?
Rachel : Ahhhh!
Rachel : Huh. [she agrees, but looks very confused] Scene: ATM vestibule.
Rachel : Hmmm... this is so nice.
Rachel : OK.
Rachel : Ohhh!!!! [looking at something behind Ross]
Rachel : Oh, look at the little cat! [a small kitten is on the roof behind Ross]
Rachel : During a blackout? He'd get trampled!
Rachel : Oh. [they knock at the next door, Mr. Heckles answers] Hi. We just found this cat and we're looking for the owner. Mr.
Rachel : Bob Buttons? Mr.
Rachel : Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty... [While looking at the floor for the cat, Rachel runs into a pair of legs. She slowly gets up and sees a gorgeous Italian hunk holding the cat. Who, by the way, you'll hate very, very soon. The man. Not the cat.]
Rachel : Wow. [she exhales in amazement, blowing the candle out] Scene: Apartment. [ Ross, Monica, and Joey are playing Monopoly.]
Rachel : [entering with Paolo, arm in arm] Everybody, this is Paolo. Paolo, I want you to meet my friends. This is Monica.
Rachel : And Joey....
Rachel : And Ross.
Rachel : [proudly] He doesn't speak much English.
Rachel : Look at that!
Rachel : Oh... Italy, I think.
Rachel : Well, the cat... the cat turned out to be Paolo's cat!
Rachel : Oh, I found him. He was Paolo's cat.
Rachel : Ah, Paolo, this is Phoebe.
Rachel : I have absolutely no idea.
Rachel : [to Monica and Phoebe] Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
Rachel : God, the first time he smiled at me... those three seconds were more exciting than three weeks in Bermuda with Barry.
Rachel : Y'know, I know it's totally superficial and we have absolutely nothing in common, and we don't even speak the same language but Goooooooddddddd.... [Scene: The other side of the apartment. Ross has gone over to straighten things out with Paolo.]
Rachel : Um... yeah. Well, I mean, when I first met you, y'know, I thought maybe, possibly, you might be...
Rachel : Yeah, but then you spent Phoebe's entire birthday party talking to my breasts, so then I figured maybe not.
Rachel : Oh my God! Calling from Rome! [Takes phone] Bon giorno, caro mio.
Rachel : Monica, your dad just beeped in, but can you make it quick? Talking to Rome. [Showing off to Phoebe and Chandler] I'm talking to Rome.
Rachel : [Exasperated] Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.
Rachel : So, um, did she...
Rachel : Aw. Hey, Pheebs, want this? [Gives her a pencil]
Rachel : Sure. I just sharpened her this morning.
Rachel : Oh, you-you mean your earrings?
Rachel : [Sticking her foot out]Hm-m.
Rachel : Yes. Paolo sent them from Italy.
Rachel : Oh no! My new Paolo shoes!
Rachel : [Humouring him] Oh, well you know who I love the most?
Rachel : You!
Rachel : [Still trapped under Ross] Pheebs, could you maybe hand me a cracker? Mrs. Geller: [To Mon] Your grandmother would have hated this.
Rachel : Hey, who's this little naked guy?
Rachel : Aww, look at the little thing.
Rachel : Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Rachel : Terry, I, I, I know that I haven't worked here very long, but I was wondering, do you think it would be possible if I got a 100 dollars advance in my salary?
Rachel : It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Rachel : Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? [everyone in the place raises their hand] Oh, look at that. Opening Credits [Scene: Central Perk. Rachel is approaching a customer.]
Rachel : Excuse me, sir. Hi, you come in here all time. I was just wondering, do you think there's a possibility that you could give me an advance on my tips?
Rachel : Ok, ok, that's fine. Fine. Hey, I'm sorry about that spill before. [picks up the tip he leaves] Only $98.50 to go. [Monica enters.]
Rachel : Absolutely. Shoop, shoop, shoop. Only a hundred and two dollars to go.
Rachel : Yeah, well it was. I, I broke a cup.
Rachel : No, not even close. Forget Vail, forget seeing my family, forget shoop, shoop, shoop.
Rachel : Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Rachel : Thanks, you can just put it on the table.
Rachel : Oh my god, oh, you guys are great.
Rachel : Thank you. Thank you so much!
Rachel : Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
Rachel : Oh my god.
Rachel : Saw what?
Rachel : I got the tickets! I got the tickets! Five hours from now, shoop, shoop, shoop.
Rachel : Ok, I'm gonna get my stuff.
Rachel : Ok, good-bye you guys. Thanks for everything. [she starts to leave, and hits everyone with her skis] Oh, sorry! Oh, sorry! [Chandler enters, running.]
Rachel : I can't, I gotta go.
Rachel : Ok. [Everyone leaves the apartment.] [Scene: Carol's apartment. Ross is preparing to talk to her belly.]
Rachel : I loved the moment when you first saw the giant dog shadow all over the park.
Rachel : We're waiting for you to open the door. You got the keys.
Rachel : Yes, you do. When we left, you said, "got the keys."
Rachel : No, no, no, you said, "got the keys".
Rachel : Oh, I gotta get my ticket!
Rachel : [grabs Chandler by the shirt] All right, listen, smirky. If it wasn't for you and your stupid balloon, I would be on a plane watching a woman do this [makes a gesture like a stewardess pointing out exits] right now. But I'm not.
Rachel : No, I didn't. I wouldn't say I had the keys unless I had the keys, and I obviously didn't have the keys.
Rachel : Aside from the fact that you said you had them?
Rachel : Well, you should have.
Rachel : Because!
Rachel : Because!
Rachel : Oh, god, this is great! The plane is gone, so it looks like I'm stuck here with you guys.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : By all means.
Rachel : And a crappy New Year.
Rachel : Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?
Rachel : Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? [They all protest and hit her with cushions] Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
Rachel : Well, for your information, Paolo is gonna be in Rome this New Year, so I'll be just as pathetic as the rest of you.
Rachel : Phoebe, you're on.
Rachel : [Into microphone] Okay, hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand, Miss Phoebe Buffay. Wooh!
Rachel : Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Rachel : Yeah!
Rachel : [Brings Joey a mug of coffee] Okay, here we go...
Rachel : [Glances at Joey and then sips his coffee] There. Now there is.
Rachel : Five.
Rachel : Sorry. Paolo's catching an earlier flight.
Rachel : Oh, c'mon. We'll have, we'll have a big party, and no-one'll know who's with who.
Rachel : Rome. Jerk missed his flight.
Rachel : No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? [To Monica] Are people eating my dip? [Time lapse. Monica and Rachel, fixed up somewhat, emerge from a bedroom] Sandy: Y'know, when I saw you at the store last week, it was probably the first time I ever mentally undressed an elf.
Rachel : Vrrbddy, the bll is drrbing. The gang [in the kitchen]: What?
Rachel : The bll is drrbing! Dick Clark (TV): In twenty seconds it'll be midnight...
Rachel : I can't kiss anyone.
Rachel : Oh, she's coming up! She's coming up! [Turns on the TV] Jay Leno (TV): Folks, when we come back we'll be talking about her new book, 'Euphoria Unbound': the always interesting Nora Tyler Bing. You might wanna put the kids to bed for this one. [Everyone has settled down to watch, except Chandler]
Rachel : No way, forget it.
Rachel : Chandler, I gotta tell you, I love your mom's books! I love her books! I cannot get on a plane without one! I mean, this is so cool!
Rachel : Oh, hi sweetie. [They kiss]
Rachel : Hi! Sorry- sorry we're late, we, uh, kinda just, y'know, lost track of time.
Rachel : Mrs. Bing, I have to tell you, I've read everything you've ever written. No, I mean it! I mean, when I read Euphoria at Midnight, all I wanted to do was become a writer. Mrs. Bing: Oh, please, honey, listen, if I can do it, anybody can. You just start with half a dozen European cities, throw in thirty euphemisms for male genitalia, and bam! You have got yourself a book.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : What're you guys doing out here?
Rachel : Well,sounds like you two have issues. [She and Paolo walk a little way down the hall]
Rachel : Goodbye, baby. Paolo: Ciao, bela. [They kiss. Ross is watching them]
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Yeah. Thought I'd give it a shot. I'm still on the first chapter. Now, do you think his 'love stick can be liberated from its denim prison'?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Okay. [Writes a little more] I am so hot!
Rachel : [Into microphone] Central Perk is proud to present Miss Phoebe Buffay.
Rachel : [Into mike] Okay, that was Phoebe Buffay, everybody. Woo! [Enter Chandler]
Rachel : Okay. Now this is just the first chapter, and I want your absolute honest opinion. Oh, oh, and on page two, he's not 'reaching for her heaving beasts'.
Rachel : Alright, alright, so I'm not a great typist...
Rachel : Honey, you can say it, Poconos, Poconos, it's like Poc-o-nos [touching Paolo's nose with forefinger with each syllable]
Rachel : Yes, my sister's giving us her place for the weekend.
Rachel : I know... [Camera pans to Ross, looking dejected]
Rachel : I mean, we are way past the fling thing, I mean, I am feeling things that I've only read about in Danielle Steele books, you know? I mean, when I'm with him, I'm totally, totally... [Camera pans to Ross, holding his stomach]
Rachel : Pheebs!
Rachel : Oh, right, that's me!
Rachel : "Ooo", what?
Rachel : Hi Pheebs!
Rachel : No, these aren't all my suitcases. [picks up small blue suitcase and shows to Phoebe] This one's Paolo's.
Rachel : Well, sure...just a sec, though, 'cause Paolo's on his way over.
Rachel : Oh, Pheebs, Pheebs...
Rachel : Why have I never tasted these before?
Rachel : All right, well, you're right, these are the best oatmeal cookies I've ever had.
Rachel : I guess you don't.
Rachel : I need some milk.
Rachel : No...oh!, I feel so stupid! Oh, I think about the other day with you guys and I was all "Oh, Paolo, he's so great, he makes me feel so..." Oh, God, I'm so embarrassed!
Rachel : Pheebs, if I had never met him this never would have happened! Rachel and
Rachel : I don't know...right, he's the pig!
Rachel : Oh, God, he's such a pig,
Rachel : He's like a big disgusting...
Rachel : ...pig...pig man!
Rachel : [voice wavers] Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?
Rachel : Ok, Ok, Pheebs...
Rachel : Oh, God...
Rachel : No, no, trust, me, it's, it's, it's much better that I know. Uh, I just liked it better before it was better... [Phoebe scoots her chair over to Rachel and hugs her] [Scene: foosball table]
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Ooh, I've been better...
Rachel : Oh, Ross...
Rachel : I am so sick of guys. I don't want to look at another guy, I don't' want to think about another guy, I don't even want to be near another guy. [Ross crosses arms]
Rachel : Oh Ross, you're so great!
Rachel : Oh...
Rachel : ...medium...hmm...any cookies left?
Rachel : No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Rachel : No, I know, I know, and I'm sure your little boy is not going to grow up to be one. Ross [astonished]: What?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Uh...no. No, no, in fact, you're not having a boy.
Rachel : That is IT! You just barge in here, you don't knock-
Rachel : -You have no respect for anybody's privacy-
Rachel : No, you wait! This is ridiculous!
Rachel : What? What?!
Rachel : Oh!! [She storms off] [Intro] [Scene 1: Central Perk. Phoebe is there with her boyfriend Roger, talking to Rachel and Monica]
Rachel : He's so cute! And he seems to like you so much.
Rachel : Okaaay. [To the guys, on the couch] Any of you guys want anything else?
Rachel : No, I'm sorry, we're all out of those. Anybody else?
Rachel : Okay, okay, could we change the subject, please?
Rachel : Okay, Pheebs, I was hoping for more of a change.
Rachel : Nice? They were nice. I mean, that's it? I mean, mittens are nice.
Rachel : I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? [She walks over near Chandler and his gaze stays very obviously on her chest] Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... [Notices Chandler] Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Rachel : Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Rachel : C'mon, he's right. Tit for tat.
Rachel : You're right! I mean- you're right! It wasn't just the Weebles, but it was the Weeble Play Palace, and- and the Weebles' Cruise Ship. Oh, which had this little lifeboat for the Weebles to wobble in. Roger: That's tough. Tough stuff. C'mon, Pheebs, we're gonna catch that movie, we gotta get going.
Rachel : Hi, I'm Rachel. Ronni: Hi.
Rachel : Bathroom's up there. Ronni: Great.
Rachel : Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower? Ronni: Oh, like, uh, five minutes?
Rachel : Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's pee-pee time. [She goes into Joey and Chandler's apartment, where Mr. Trib is reading the paper] Hey, Mr. Trib. Mr. Tribbiani: Hey. Morning, dear. [Rachel goes up to the door of their bathroom]
Rachel : Chandler Bing? It's time to see your thing. [She opens the door and whips back the curtain. It's Joey. They both scream]
Rachel : I thought it was Chandler!
Rachel : You were supposed to be in there so I could see your thing!
Rachel : We hate that guy. All: Yeah. Hate him.
Rachel : We're sorry. [Cut to Chandler and Joey's apartment. Joey is trying to turn the sofa-bed back into a sofa. Someone knocks on the door and it rears up at him]
Rachel : Wow.
Rachel : Just think, in a couple of years we get to turn into them.
Rachel : What happened?
Rachel : Do what, do what?
Rachel : No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
Rachel : Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Rachel : Ok, ok, Roger was creepy, but he was nothing compared to Pete Carney.
Rachel : Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. [imitating] "Was it good for you?"
Rachel : How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!
Rachel : Phoebes, this woman is voluntarily bald.
Rachel : Or?
Rachel : Burning's good. Yeah, I got stuff to burn. [Scene: The restaurant. Joey, Lorraine, Chandler, and Janice are at the table. Joey and Lorraine are seated very close, Chandler and Janice have backed their chairs away from one another.]
Rachel : Oh my god. Janice, hi!
Rachel : Oh, Joey, look who it is.
Rachel : Ok, Pheebs, you know what, if we had that, we wouldn't be doing the ritual in the first place.
Rachel : [tossing things in the fire] Ok, Barry's letters. Adam Ritter's boxer shorts.
Rachel : [looking at picture] Hey he's wearing a sweater.
Rachel : And here we have the last of Paulo's grappa.
Rachel : Really? Fireman
Rachel : So, um, will you bring the truck? Fireman
Rachel : Oh, my god.
Rachel : Oh, they're firemen guys. [Scene: Out in the hall. The firemen are talking.] Fireman
Rachel : Oh! That's why. I'm sorry! [Monica puts her cup down in disgust.] Opening Credits [Scene: Chandler's job. Chandler is typing data into his computer. One of his co-workers walks by.]
Rachel : ... the WENUS?
Rachel : [sarcastic] Oh. That WENUS.
Rachel : No. But don't worry, I'm sure they're still there.
Rachel : Work counselor?
Rachel : I don't!
Rachel : The meeting with the guy went great?
Rachel : What are you going to make?
Rachel : [pause] And Monica, what are you going to make?
Rachel : [trying to sound like a bug] Bzzzz.... I love you, Ross.
Rachel : So what are you guys going to do?
Rachel : My God! What happened to you?
Rachel : [comes up and rubs him on the chest] Oh Chandler, I know, I know... oh, hey! You can see your nipples through this shirt!
Rachel : Ten dollars an hour for what?
Rachel : [hurt] Waitressing?
Rachel : But, but?
Rachel : Oh! I see. And I've sort of been maintaining my amateur status so that I can waitress in the Olympics.
Rachel : Who was that?
Rachel : Oh... that's too bad. Bye bye. [she walks away towards the door]
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Mon. I wish I could, but I've made plans to walk around.
Rachel : Done. [Scene: Monica's apartment, later. Rachel is waitressing, Monica is cooking. Phoebe walks in with Steve (Crystal Duck winner Jon Lovitz).]
Rachel : Well hello! Welcome to Monica's. May I take your coat?
Rachel : What's up?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : OK, OK. I'm with you, Cheech. OK.
Rachel : No. Let me get you some wine!
Rachel : Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?
Rachel : You don't want to work for a guy like that.
Rachel : Maybe, but shouldn't we wait for Chandler?
Rachel : Oh, yeah, I've done that.
Rachel : I've never done that.
Rachel : Um, Pheebs, so, you guys just don't get along?
Rachel : So, is this just gonna be you and Carol?
Rachel : Well, isn't that gonna be weird?
Rachel : Oh, cool. "Urkel" in Spanish is "Urkel".
Rachel : Well someone was supposed to write "Rache, take down the lights" and put it on the refrigerator. How long has that been there?
Rachel : So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?
Rachel : Ok. Let me put it this way. Anything from Crabtree & Evelyn?
Rachel : Oh, well, that shouldn't be so hard, now that you're dating. Sweetheart, you're fired, but how 'bout a quickie before I go to work.
Rachel : You don't even have cats. Mr.
Rachel : We'll try to keep it down.
Rachel : Are you seein' her again tonight?
Rachel : It's just occurring to you?
Rachel : Oh, you're gonna be great!
Rachel : Oh, how'd she take it?
Rachel : Ok, Pheebs, can I ask? So, he's going out with her. I mean, is it really so terrible?
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Please, they've been going out a week. They haven't even slept together yet, I mean, that's not serious.
Rachel : No no no no no. You wanted me to take them down, so I'm takin' 'em down. Ok? Whoa! (She falls off the balcony) Monica ; Rachel! Rachel!
Rachel : I'm ok! I'm ok! Mr. Heckles, Mr. Heckles could you help me please? Mr.
Rachel : Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
Rachel : Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow. Ow ow ow.
Rachel : You.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, check it. Definitely, I want some of that.
Rachel : Why, how much is this gonna cost?
Rachel : Well what are we gonna do?
Rachel : Um, unless, unless I use yours.
Rachel : Well, now, wait a second. Who did I just put as my "In case of emergency" call person?
Rachel : Well, all right, then, forget it. Might as well just go home. Ow!
Rachel : Thank you. Thank you. I love you.
Rachel : Hi, this is my friend Rachel.
Rachel : Aren't you a little cute to be a doctor? Dr.
Rachel : I meant young, young, I meant young, young to be a doctor. Oh, Good Rach.
Rachel : Right.
Rachel : So, he said it was just a sprain, and that was it.
Rachel : Not stupid. The very cute, cute, cute doctors asked us out for tomorrow night, and I said yes.
Rachel : What? Monica, they are cute, they are doctors, cute doctors, doctors who are cute!
Rachel : Was that the cake?
Rachel : I hope it's ok.
Rachel : Ok, coming!
Rachel : Oh, that's great. Look at that. Dr.
Rachel : You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you. Well, listen, why don't you two sit down, and we'll get you some glasses....STAT.
Rachel : Ok, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are. I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine, I really do.
Rachel : Would you stop being such a wuss?
Rachel : I am not a baby. You know what?
Rachel : You know what?
Rachel : Every day, you are becoming more and more like your mother. Dr.
Rachel : I've been here about six years, and Rachel moved in a few months ago.
Rachel : Uh, I'm a uh, chef at a restaurant uptown. Dr.
Rachel : Yeah it is. Mostly because I get to boss people around, which I just love to do. Dr.
Rachel : And by the way, have I mentioned that back in high school, I was a cow.
Rachel : I use my breasts to get other people's attention.
Rachel : Daddy, daddy, why? Why would I sleep with Billy Drestin? His father tried to put you out of business! You are dead!
Rachel : Hello? Uh, yeah, uh, hold on a second. Let me see if she's here. It's the woman from the hospital admissions office. Oh, god, what do we do, what do we do?
Rachel : No, you do it.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : You were right, this was just not worth it.
Rachel : Ok, let me just change.
Rachel : Hi, remember us?
Rachel : And I'm just gonna pay for this with a check.
Rachel : I know. I'm just not that bright either.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Hey, look, you guys, I'm going for anything here, OK? I cannot be a waitress anymore, I mean it. I'm sick of the lousy tips, I'm sick of being called 'Excuse me...'
Rachel : Uh... yeah, why?
Rachel : [upset] Oh my Goood! Oh, do you think it's on all of them?
Rachel : Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? [to Monica, quietly]: Did you bring the mail?
Rachel : [to Monica]: Really? [out loud]: Sure, we have scones left! [to Monica]: OK, read them to me.
Rachel : [out loud]: We have apple cinnamon...
Rachel : What?
Rachel : [grabs the bill] Give me that! [Camera cuts to Chandler and Ross at table.]
Rachel : Hi! How are you?
Rachel : OK. [walks away] [Ross keeps staring at her, head on table. Chandler smacks him with a newspaper. Joey enters, Ross and Chandler laugh at him.]
Rachel : Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
Rachel : Really.
Rachel : But you could teach us.
Rachel : Oh, good for you!
Rachel : Oh wait, I have the ten of spades! Here! [gives it to Phoebe]
Rachel : Oh, no no no no no no, that's OK, I don't need them. I'm going for fours.
Rachel : OOooooo!
Rachel : OK, sorry to break up this party, but I've got resumes to fax before work tomorrow... [gets up to leave]
Rachel : Settle what?
Rachel : Oh. Right.
Rachel : [to Ross]: So basically, you get your ya-yas by taking money from all of your friends.
Rachel : [opening mail] Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?
Rachel : Oh, I beg to differ. The Pictionary incident?
Rachel : Oooooh. [reads letter] [surprised]: Oh! I got an interview! I got an interview!
Rachel : [in disbelief]: Sak's... Fifth... Avenue.
Rachel : Assistant buyer. Oh! I would be shopping... for a living! [Knock on door.]
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Why?
Rachel : Oh my God!
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : Guys! Guess what, guess what, guess what, guess what!
Rachel : Noooo... the interview! She loved me! She absolutely loved me. We talked for like two and a half hours, we have the same taste in clothes, and--oh, I went to camp with her cousin... and, oh, the job is perfect. I can do this. I can do this well!
Rachel : Oh God, oh, and then she told the funniest story--
Rachel : No, no, thats OK. Y'know, I think I'm gonna give it a go.
Rachel : Alright... [shuffles cards expertly, all the guys stare in amazement] COMMERCIAL [Time lapse.]
Rachel : Mmm-hmmm. Oh, so typical. Ooo, I'm a man. Ooo, I have a penis. Ooo, I have to win money to exert my power over women. [hands over her money]
Rachel : Hmm. Kinda stepped on my point there, Mon. [Scene: Monica's apartment, everyone is there ready for another poker game.]
Rachel : Ooooh, that's fine. We'll see who has the last laugh there, monkey boy.
Rachel : Oh no no no no no, I'm still waiting to hear from that job and the store closes at nine, so you can eat then.
Rachel : Your fly is open, Geller. [he checks it, and zips up] [Time lapse.]
Rachel : I'm in.
Rachel : Well, well, well, hop back in bucko, cause I got four sixes! [lays down cards] I won! I actually won! Oh my God! Y'know what? [collects chips] I think I'm gonna make a little Ross pile. [holds up a chip] I think that one was Ross's, and I think--oh--that one was Ross's. Yes! [starts singing]: Well, I have got your money, and you'll never see it... [Ross stands up.]
Rachel : And your fly's still open... [Ross looks down.]
Rachel : Ha, I made you look.... [Time lapse.]
Rachel : I couldn't be inner. Monica?
Rachel : Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. [throws chips in pot] What do you say... want to waste another buck?
Rachel : I'm not telling. [collects chips]
Rachel : No..!
Rachel : Get your hands out of there! No!
Rachel : [deals new hand] Boy, you really can't stand to lose, can you? Your whole face is getting red... little veins popping out on your temple...
Rachel : Oh, you are losing. Definitely losing. [phone rings]
Rachel : [answering phone] Hel-lo, Rachel Green.
Rachel : [on phone]: Excuse me. [covers up phone; to Ross]: It's about the job. [Rachel walks into kitchen to talk on the phone.]
Rachel : Barbara! Hi, how are you? [pause] Uh-huh. [pause] No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, plea--Hello? Hello? [hangs up phone, very depressed] [Rachel goes back and sits down. The rest don't know what to say.]
Rachel : Yeah...[sigh]....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
Rachel : Yes, we do. [pause]
Rachel : I see your fifty cents... and I raise you... five dollars. [throws it in]
Rachel : Well, I just lost a job, and I'd like to raise the bet five bucks. Does anybody have a problem with that? [Everyone says no and folds, except for Ross, who thinks about it.]
Rachel : [to Ross]: Loser? [Chandler, Monica, Joey, and Phoebe back their chairs away from the table.]
Rachel : What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it? [Ross thinks it over, finally sits down and picks up his cards.]
Rachel : How many you want?
Rachel : Dealer takes two. [she deals herself two cards] What do you bet?
Rachel : OK... see your two... and I raise you twenty. [throws it in]
Rachel : See your twenty-five...and...uh, Monica, get my purse. [Monica gets up, looks in Rachel's purse.]
Rachel : OK, then get me your purse. [Monica gets Rachel her purse.]
Rachel : [to Monica]: Thank you. [to Ross]: I saw your twenty-five, and I raise you... seven.
Rachel : [lays down cards] Full house. [Ross stares at her. Thinks about it. Puts cards on table, face down.]
Rachel : Oh, time's up.
Rachel : OK, OK, it's my turn. [reads the answer]
Rachel : Yes!
Rachel : Okay, okay, I checked. We have: Earl Grey, English Breakfast, Cinnamon Stick, Camomile, Mint Medley, Blackberry, and.. oh, wait, there's one more, um.. Lemon Soother. You're not the guy that asked for the tea, are you? [Guy shakes his head] Okay. [Intro] [Scene 1: Central Perk. Monica enters with some mail]
Rachel : Thank you. [Examines it] Oh, cool! Free sample of coffee!
Rachel : Oh. Right. ...Oh great.
Rachel : Country club newsletter. My mother sends me the engagement notices for 'inspiration'. Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Barry and Mindy!
Rachel : Barry who I almost.
Rachel : Mindy, my maid of. Oh!
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, this is so stupid! I mean, I gave Barry up, right? I should be happy for them! I am, I'm happy for them.
Rachel : No. Oh, oh, I guess it would be different if I were- with somebody.
Rachel : Oh, I don't know. I guess it's not about no guys, it's about the right guy, y'know? I mean, with Barry, it was safe and it was easy, but there was no heat. With Paolo, that's all there was, was heat! And it was just this raw- animal- sexual-
Rachel : Well, I mean, do you think you can ever have both? Y'know? Someone who's like, who's like your best friend, but then also can make your toes curl?
Rachel : Hi, how was the movie?
Rachel : [To Marcel] And I will see you tomorrow!
Rachel : Now, now the one in the feather boa, that's Dr. Francis. Now, she used to be a man. Okay, now look, see, there's Raven. We hate her. We're glad she's dying. Okay- [Marcel pushes down a cushion to reveal a shoe] Wh- wh- Marcel, are you playing with Monica's shoes? You know you're not supposed to pl- whoah. Marcel, did you poo in the shoe? [Takes the shoe into the kitchen] Marcel, bad monkey! Oh! Oh! [She notices the newsletter and taps the contents of the shoes onto it, then folds it shut] Sorry, Barry. Little engagement gift. I'm sure you didn't register for that. [She leaves the apartment holding the newsletter at arm's length. However, she leaves the door open. Marcel runs out in the opposite direction. There is a shot from the TV and Rachel runs back in] Who died? Who died? Roll him over! Oh, c'mon, roll him over! Oh...! Well, we know it wasn't Dexter, right Marcel? Because- [Looks down and notices he is missing] Marcel? Marc- [Notices the open door] [Time lapse. Now everyone but Ross and Phoebe is back at Monica and Rachel's]
Rachel : I don't know. We were watching TV, and then he pooped in Monica's shoe-
Rachel : I don't know. The left one.
Rachel : Oh. Oh, those little clunky Amish things you think go with everything.
Rachel : C'mon, you guys, what're we gonna do, what're we gonna do?
Rachel : Oh, my, God, c'mon, you guys! He's gonna be home any minute! He's gonna kill me!
Rachel : Well, what'm I gonna do? What'm I gonna do?
Rachel : Anybody wanna trade? Oh... [Cut to Monica and Phoebe knocking on a door. Mr. Heckles emerges] Mr. Heckles: Whaddyou want?
Rachel : [On the phone] Okay, he's a, he's a black capuchian monkey with a white face... [Enter Ross] ...with, with Russian dressing and, and pickles on the side. Okay. Thanks.
Rachel : Great! It went great. Really great. Hey, is that wine?
Rachel : Oh, I would love some. But y'know what? Y'know what? Let's not drink it here. I'm feeling kinda crazy. You wanna go to Newark?
Rachel : Oh God, Ross, I cannot do this.
Rachel : Oh God... Okay. Alright. Alright. Okay. Ross, please don't hate me.
Rachel : Y'know Marcel?
Rachel : Well, I kind of... I kind of lost him. [Cut to outside the window, with Ross reacting with disbelief. The shot pans back until we see Marcel sitting on the window ledge] [Commercial] [Same scene]
Rachel : I know, I know, I'm sorry-
Rachel : [Tearfully] Ross, I'm doing everything that I can, I've got everybody looking for him, and I- [Door buzzer goes and she runs to get it] Oh! Who is it? Intercom: Animal Control.
Rachel : See? I've even called Animal Control!
Rachel : Uh-huh... why... do you not like them?
Rachel : O-okay, now see, you never ever ever told us that...
Rachel : Hi, thanks for coming. Luisa [Animal Control]: Somebody called about a monkey?
Rachel : Oh, y'know what? That was a complete misunderstanding! [Ross puts his arms around her and they act all sweetness and light]
Rachel : Turned out it was a hat.
Rachel : Cat! What'm I saying? Cat! [Luisa nods, but then Monica and Phoebe run in]
Rachel : Yeah! Luisa: Luisa Gianetti! Lincoln High? I sat behind you guys in home room!
Rachel : Luisa? Oh my God! Monica! It's Luisa!
Rachel : Yes!! Luisa: You have no idea who I am, do you.
Rachel : None. Luisa: Well, maybe that's because you spent four years ignoring me. I mean, would it have been so hard to say 'Morning, Luisa'? Or 'Nice overalls'?
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Marcel?
Rachel : Ross, you don't know that.
Rachel : Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. [Kicks the sign] Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Rachel : Y'know, it is not like I did this on purpose.
Rachel : Ross.
Rachel : Ross.
Rachel : Ross!
Rachel : Then what's with all the bananas? Mr. Heckles: Potassium. [There is a monkey-like noise from within and Ross pushes past Mr. Heckles and enters his apartment]
Rachel : Oh, c'mon, Luisa! Luisa: Sorry, prom queen.
Rachel : Alright. In high school I was the prom queen and I was the homecoming queen and the class president and you... were also there! But if you take this monkey, I will lose one of the most important people in my life. You can hate me if you want, but please do not punish him. C'mon, Luisa, you have a chance to be the bigger person here! Take it! Luisa: Nope.
Rachel : Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart? [Scene 5: Monica and Rachel's. Rachel and Ross are there. Ross is trying to get the dress off Marcel]
Rachel : Y'know, with the right pair of pumps, that would be a great little outfit.
Rachel : Oh, Ross, c'mon. It's my fault, I almost lost your-
Rachel : That'd be good.
Rachel : Barry?! Barry: I can't. I can't do it, I can't marry Mindy. I think I'm still in love with you. Ross and
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : Oh, that is so sick.
Rachel : Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Rachel : Then we took a walk down to Bendall's, and I told him not to, but he got me a little bottle of Chanel...
Rachel : Right,.. well,.. we never actually got to that... Oh, it was just so nice to see him again, y'know? It was comfortable, it was familiar... it was just nice!
Rachel : Yeah, but it was different with him today! And he wasn't, like, Orthodontist Guy, y'know? I mean, we had fun! Is there anything wrong with that? (Ross 'PROMPTS' Chandler BY HITTING HIM ON THE ARM)
Rachel : Why?
Rachel : All right. All right all right all right all right, I know it's stupid! I will go see him this afternoon, and I will just put an end to it! (QUICK CUT TO THE POST-COITAL Rachel and Barry IN Barry'S SURGERY)
Rachel : Wow... Wow!
Rachel : I'm not crazy, right? I mean, it was never like that.
Rachel : Ooh, and it's so nice having this little sink here... SCENE 2: Rachel+Monica'S APARTMENT (All PRESENT EXCEPT Rachel)
Rachel : Oh, it's just... Oh, Barry, this was not good.
Rachel : Well, what about Mindy?
Rachel : No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?
Rachel : No. No no no no, no. I mean, don't do that. Not, I mean not for me.
Rachel : Oh, Barry..! Come on, this is all way too..
Rachel : I had a bra. (Barry FINDS IT DRAPED ON A CUPBOARD and GIVES IT TO Rachel. THEY KISS. ENTER Bobby)
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : Pretty well, actually... (WandERING INTO KITCHEN)
Rachel : Oh, do I?
Rachel : (LOW VOICE)....We ended up having sex in his chair.
Rachel : I don't know! I mean, we still care about each other. There's a history there. 'S'like you and Carol.
Rachel : Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now", what would you say? (Ross FLOUNDERS)
Rachel : Hello? Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. Really? Oh. Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... okay... great... great... all right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! Okay.. okay... bye. (SITS DOWN HEAVILY) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
Rachel : Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... (DOES SO) Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be! (AD BREAK) SCENE 5: Rachel and Monica'S (MORNING. Chandler IS SITTING, STARING AT HIS PHONE) (ENTER Monica, WHO CREEPS UP NEXT TO Chandler)
Rachel : Get down?
Rachel : Thanks, but I gotta go to work and get my eyes scratched out by Mindy.
Rachel : Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Rachel : And now, y'know, I'm like... I'm like the other woman! I feel so..
Rachel : Right, I'll see you guys later...
Rachel : Mindy.
Rachel : Hey, you.... So, what's up?
Rachel : Sure we should... So.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Of course!
Rachel : Was that all you wanted to ask me?
Rachel : Ohhhh!! (MINDY STARTS TO SOB) ...What? What?
Rachel : Oh sure it is!
Rachel : Um, what- what would make you think that?
Rachel : (DRAWS BACK) Really. Mindy, if it'll make you feel any better, when I was engaged to him he went through a whole weird thing too.
Rachel : What? What's what you were afraid of?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Uh.. Oh, Mindy, you are so stupid. Oh, we are both so stupid.
Rachel : (OFFERS HER ARM TO MINDY. SHE SNIFFS) Smell familiar?
Rachel : Oh, I am so sorry.
Rachel : Hey. Got a second?
Rachel : Uh, we are here to break up with you.
Rachel : Uh- which one of us are you talking to there, Barr?
Rachel : Even when we were having sex in that chair?
Rachel : Please! During that second time you couldn't have picked her out of a lineup!
Rachel : Well, the first time didn't really count... I mean, y'know, 's'Barry.
Rachel : Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels GREAT.
Rachel : What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Rachel : Oh God.
Rachel : And I hope Barry doesn't kill you and eat you in Aruba. SCENE 8: Monica and Rachel'S (JUST Monica and Rachel)
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Yeah! Y'know, ever since I ran out on Barry at the wedding, I have wondered whether I made the right choice. And now I know.
Rachel : You DON'T KNOW?
Rachel : Monica, would you calm down? The credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
Rachel : Oh no, not in my room! I'll get him.
Rachel : [Out of shot] Stop it! Marcel! Bad monkey!
Rachel : Let's just say my Curious George doll is no longer curious. [Intro] [Scene 1: Monica and Rachel's, late at night. Mon is still up examining her bill. Rachel emerges from her room]
Rachel : Oh, Monica. You are not still going over that thing.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : You're not an artist.
Rachel : Oh, Monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
Rachel : [Yawning] Oh, it's so late for 'Shall we'...
Rachel : [Yawning] Nooo...
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : What, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
Rachel : Go to the post office! I'm sure her picture's up! ...Okay, Monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! I mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
Rachel : Which one do you think she is? [The teacher comes up to them] Teacher: May I help you?
Rachel : What does she mean?
Rachel : She could be you. [Music starts] Teacher: Let's get started. Five, six, a-five six seven eight... [Everyone starts to dance in unison. Monica flounders]
Rachel : What? You just click when they click. Teacher: Alright people, now everyone grab a partner. [The girls are unsure how to pair off. Phoebe settles it]
Rachel : Aww. Teacher: Well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.
Rachel : Nope. We took her to lunch.
Rachel : No way. No way did you do this. Fake
Rachel : Go Monana! Well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. I get to go pour coffee for people I don't know. Don't wait up. [Exits] Fake
Rachel : Oh, somebody will. [Enter Joey]
Rachel : Where the hell've you been?
Rachel : Are you drunk?!
Rachel : Oh God, oh. Great, Monica, y'know what, you could've called, I have been up here, I've been worried... [Monica is drinking from the tap]
Rachel : Monica? Monica!
Rachel : Yes, yes, it does. Okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
Rachel : Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
Rachel : Hello? Yes, she is, hold on a second, please. Monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : [Brings Marcel a teddy bear] Marcel, this is for you. It's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the 'plane.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Shut up!
Rachel : All right, all right, all right. Last night, I had a dream that, uh, you and I, were...
Rachel : Well, you were pretty damnedy good.
Rachel : Well, last night you seemed to know your way around the table.
Rachel : Get off.
Rachel : What are you playing with?
Rachel : Off to see young Ethan?
Rachel : Just a touch. Mon, I don?t understand. I mean, you?ve been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Rachel : Could tonight be the Night?
Rachel : So, did you shave your legs?
Rachel : Aha! [Scene: Central Perk. Joey and Ross are there.]
Rachel : No, forget it.
Rachel : All right, fine. Um, you were not the only one there. [Camera fades to Ross, who?s listening very carefully] Joey was there too.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : No, it was just the three of us.
Rachel : He, he, he. You know what?
Rachel : There were times when it wasn?t even me. [Chandler and Joey laughs, until they look at each other]
Rachel : Mon, Ethan called again. Mon?
Rachel : Ethan called again.
Rachel : I, I didn?t say any... I sw... I did not say anything, I swear.
Rachel : Where are you going?
Rachel : [understands that Monica and Ethan wanna be alone] Hey, did you guys check out those new handdryers in the bathroom?
Rachel : True story.
Rachel : Let?s dry ?em again. [They go to the bathroom again] [Scene: A hall on the floor where Chandler works. Chandler and Phoebe enters, and overhears some employees?s conversation. One of them is doing Chandler.]
Rachel : [talks in her sleep] Oooooooooh. [Rachel strokes her hand over the pillow. Ross mimicks her silently] Oh, that?s nice. Oh, oh. Huh, Ross. [Ross gets all excited and starts to dance on the coffee table, but slips allmost immediatly, and falls onto the couch. Rachel wakes up.]
Rachel : Ross?
Rachel : You are. Well, um... We, we, we were just...
Rachel : What?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : I don?t know where the phone is. [Ross runs from the table, over the couch but slips and falls onto the floor]
Rachel : Ross?
Rachel : What, so I can?t lokk nice? There might be doctors there.
Rachel : Oh, Ross, relax. It's probably like two dollars for the first contraction, and then fifty cents for each additional contraction. [Everyone looks at Rachel as though she made a tasteless comment.]
Rachel : What, it's ok when Chandler does it?
Rachel : Hi, I thought you might like some ice chips.
Rachel : And if you need anything else, I--[notices the handsome Dr. Franzblau]--do not believe we've met. Hi. I'm, uh, Rachel Green. I'm Carol's... ex-husband's... sister's roommate. Dr.
Rachel : Oh, that's funny! [Scene: Back in the waiting room. Chandler is falling asleep on Monica's shoulder.]
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Yeah, well, it's an important day. I wanna look nice. Um, has uh Dr. Franzblau been by?
Rachel : Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. What if the baby needs him?
Rachel : Yeah, why?
Rachel : No, honey, they're not, but don't worry, because we are going to find them, and until we do, we are all here for you, ok?
Rachel : Ok?
Rachel : [to Dr. Franzblau] Ok, so anyway, you were telling me about Paris, it sounds fascinating. Dr.
Rachel : [anxiously] No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you? Dr.
Rachel : Right, yeah, I've heard that about cute doctors. Dr.
Rachel : Oh. Dr.
Rachel : I'm a waitress. Dr.
Rachel : [getting the point] Yeah. Gotcha. Dr.
Rachel : Ok. That's fine. [takes her earrings out] [Scene: Joey is walking up to Lydia's room with balloons, but before he enters he sees that the baby's father (GUY) has arrived. He listens at the door.]
Rachel : Yeah, honey, they wouldn't miss this.
Rachel : Oh, god, I can't believe one of us actually has one of these.
Rachel : Oh, I know. Look at him.
Rachel : You guys wanna get some coffee?
Rachel : Oh, let me see! [grabs picture] Oh, God, is he just the sweetest thing? You must just want to kiss him all over! [Ross is practically drooling over Rachel at this point.]
Rachel : Pardon?
Rachel : Oh, no, no, no. Presents first. Food later. [walks into living room] [Everyone follows Rachel to the living room. Monica pulls Joey aside.]
Rachel : OK, I'm guessing this is from... [Melanie smiles.]
Rachel : Well, thank you, Melanie.
Rachel : [picks it up] OK... ah, it's light... [shakes it]...it rattles... it's... [opens it] Travel Scrabble! Oooohhh, thank you! [she gives it back to him] [Chandler looks dejected. Rachel picks up another gift.]
Rachel : This one's from Joey... feels like a book. Thinks it's a book... feels like a book. And...[opens it]...it's a book!
Rachel : Who's this from?
Rachel : Oh... [opens it]... [sees it is a pin] Oh my God. He remembered.
Rachel : It was like months ago. We were walking by this antique store, and I saw this pin in the window, and I told him it was just like one my grandmother had when I was a little girl. Oh! I can't believe he remembered!
Rachel : What did you just say?
Rachel : No, no, no.... the, um, the... 'love' part?
Rachel : Oh.... my God.
Rachel : I mean, this is unbelievable.
Rachel : No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... [to Joey]: W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
Rachel : Ross? All this time? Well, I've got to talk to him. [gets up to leave]
Rachel : I-I-I don't know.
Rachel : I don't know. Maybe I'll know when I see him.
Rachel : Noooo... look, all I know is that I cannot wait a week until I see him. I mean, this is just too big. Y'know, I just, I've just gotta talk to him. I... I gotta... OK, I'll see you later. [opens door]
Rachel : Ross! Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me.... [Rachel gets up to the jetway.] Flight
Rachel : Hi. Flight
Rachel : Oh, no, no, I don't have one. I just need to talk to my friend. Flight
Rachel : No, I know, but I--he just went on. He's right there, he's got the blue jacket on, I... can I j-just... Flight
Rachel : OK, alright, OK, um... then could you please, uh... just give him a message for me? Please? This is very important. Flight
Rachel : Uh... I don't know. [Scene: On the jetway. The flight attendant enters, walks past Ross, and approaches an older man with his wife who is also wearing a blue jacket.] Flight
Rachel : I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Rachel : I don't know, I mean, this is just my initial gut feeling... but I'm thinking... oh, I'm thinking it'd be really great.
Rachel : [confused] Huh?
Rachel : I don't know... sometimes it doesn't.
Rachel : No!
Rachel : No, I'm just....
Rachel : Wha--
Rachel : No! There is.. there is noone else!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : From you. I exchanged the blouse you got me.
Rachel : Uh, yeah. Uh, Monica, y'know, honey, I've been thinking about it and I've decided this--this whole Ross thing, it's just not a good idea.
Rachel : Because, I feel like I wouldn't just be going out with him. I would be going out with all of you. Oh, and there would just be all this pressure, and I don't wanna--
Rachel : Monica, nothing has even happened yet, and you're already so...
Rachel : Who is it?
Rachel : C'mon up.
Rachel : Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.
Rachel : So I'm thinking about you. So what?
Rachel : Well... he happens to be a very nice... guy....
Rachel : Ross, it's too hard.
Rachel : Ross, you're like my best friend.
Rachel : If we broke up, and I lost you...
Rachel : Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
Rachel : I don't know... I mean, I've never looked at you that way before.
Rachel : Wow.
Rachel : Right! You're right!
Rachel : You know what?
Rachel : I forgot... I am supposed to pick up a friend at the airport. I am so sorry! I'm so... if you want to stay, and finish your drinks, please do.... [gives him her drink] I mean--I'm sorry. I-I-I gotta go. I'm sorry. [Rachel leaves.]
Rachel : [sifting through crowd] Excuse me, pardon me, excuse me, excuse me, sorry. Hi. [Scene: Jetway. The old man who the flight attendant delivered Rachel's message to gets off the plane, his wife still upset with him.]
Rachel : Oh my god. Oh my god. Excuse me. Emergency! Excuse me!
Rachel : Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : I am? Oh, look at that, yes I am. Enough about me, enough about me, Mr. Back from the Orient. I wanna hear everything!
Rachel : These are, these aren't for you. These are for you. Welcome to our country.
Rachel : Ok, well, not a problem. We'll just use them to stop the bleeding. Ok. Baggage claim? Ok.
Rachel : Airport, airport. Ross, not alone, Julie, arm around her. Cramp, cramp.
Rachel : You, you, you said he liked me. You, you slowpokes!
Rachel : And the chicken poops in her lap. Oh, I'm so sorry. I just gave away the ending, didn't I? Oh! It's just, I just heard this story in the cab, and it is all I can think about.
Rachel : Julie! Julie, isn't that great? I mean, isn't that just kick- you-in-the-crotch, spit-on-your-neck fantastic?
Rachel : Yeah, sure.
Rachel : Did you talk to him?
Rachel : Then, no.
Rachel : Here's your lemonade.
Rachel : Oh. Well than, you better go take that back because they're gonna charge you for that.
Rachel : Go go go go, come on! Well, what did you find out?
Rachel : Sorry, I thought you were talking to me.
Rachel : Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
Rachel : I know you did. I'm just gonna deal with it, I'm just gonna deal with it. I gotta get out of here.
Rachel : Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?
Rachel : Well, I sorta did a stupid thing last night.
Rachel : Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye.
Rachel : I don't know, I just kinda ran into him last night.
Rachel : At his apartment. Is this juice?
Rachel : I know, I know I'm a pathetic loser.
Rachel : Yeah, he's back. Is that a problem?
Rachel : I'm glad it's not a problem.
Rachel : How is she?
Rachel : I'm ok.
Rachel : When I saw him get off that plane with her, I really thought I hit rock bottom. But today, it's like there's rock bottom, then 50 feet of crap, then me.
Rachel : Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
Rachel : I don't know, I don't know.
Rachel : Wait, are you leaving?
Rachel : Well, first of all, Paulo and I are not back together. It was just a stupid thing I did, and if I could go back in time and do it again, well, I wouldn't. Um, second of all, what?
Rachel : No.
Rachel : No, I think that was the whole all.
Rachel : No. No no no no no. That's Rodney McDowell. Andy McDowell is the guy from Planet of the Apes.
Rachel : Yeah, I forget which ones.
Rachel : Thank you. What a bitch.
Rachel : Hey, guys, what's up.
Rachel : Good, Pheebs. What'd you buy?
Rachel : You went shopping for fur?
Rachel : You bought boobs?
Rachel : Oh, this is so cute.
Rachel : Did you just say Hi, Jew?
Rachel : Phoebe, that is juice, squeezed from a person.
Rachel : They took Ben to the park. Where've you been?
Rachel : Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon. Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?
Rachel : And sorta just put the receipt back in your pocket
Rachel : Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with?
Rachel : Who?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : You were with Julie?
Rachel : Oh. Oh my god.
Rachel : Yeah, right.
Rachel : Oh, please, you wanted to get caught.
Rachel : Oh, so you just sort of happened to leave it in here?
Rachel : Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdales? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
Rachel : Well that works out good, because I'm not listening.
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry, did my back hurt your knife?
Rachel : Yes.
Rachel : Yes. Monica, you don't get it. It's bad enough that she's stolen the guy who might actually be the person that I am supposed to be with, but now, she's actually, but now she's actually stealing you.
Rachel : I love you too.
Rachel : I'd do anything for you, you know that.
Rachel : So. I just thought the two of us should hang out for a bit. I mean, you know, we've never really talked. I guess you'd know that, being one of the two of us, though, right?
Rachel : Really? Me?
Rachel : Well, you're not totally paranoid.
Rachel : Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
Rachel : Yeah, that'd be great. I'd love it.
Rachel : Come on, they were not that huge.
Rachel : You don't have birds. Mr.
Rachel : All right, bye-bye.
Rachel : "Oh, my, god."
Rachel : We won. We won!
Rachel : How did this happen? Mr.
Rachel : Ok, so let's talk money. Mr.
Rachel : Have you ever seen so much crap?
Rachel : Monica, Monica, look at this lamp. Is this tacky or what? We have to have this.
Rachel : What? Come on, it's not like I'm asking for this girly clock or anything, which, by the way, I also think is very cool.
Rachel : Well, what about my stuff?
Rachel : You still think of it as your apartment, don't you?
Rachel : Yes you do. You think of it as your apartment, and I'm just somebody who rents a room.
Rachel : Ok, while you "mmm" on it for awhile, I'm gonna go find a place for my new lamp.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Monica, let it go.
Rachel : Well, then, you'll just have to eat the other lamps.
Rachel : I am. Let me just get my coat.
Rachel : Oh, please, Monica. You've always hated my lamp, and then, all of a sudden, it's just magically broken?
Rachel : Hey Chandler. Monica just broke my seashell lamp.
Rachel : Ok, you win.
Rachel : Chandler, you have just described virtually every man that we have ever gone out with.
Rachel : She's right. She's right. You are no different than the rest of them.
Rachel : Yeah. You're not gonna end up alone.
Rachel : You are ready to make a commitment!
Rachel : What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : It's really not that big!
Rachel : (sarcastically) Hi, Julie.
Rachel : Yeah, whoosh!
Rachel : So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
Rachel : Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
Rachel : For Ross, Ross, Ross.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh, you know what, we haven't even looked yet.
Rachel : Yeah, these are pretty ch-ching.
Rachel : Ok, I will have the uh, (whispers) side salad.
Rachel : Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?
Rachel : Um, everyone?
Rachel : Ok, look you guys, I really don't want to get into this right now. I think it'll just make everyone uncomfortable.
Rachel : That's 'cause you have it.
Rachel : Basically, there's the thing, and then there's the stuff after the thing.
Rachel : Ok.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Ross, you have to understand that your nice thing makes us feel this big.
Rachel : Ok, we never shoulda talked about this.
Rachel : Me neither.
Rachel : What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
Rachel : Fine.
Rachel : Happy birthday.
Rachel : Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
Rachel : Oh yeah. I used to babysit him. Hey, how's his dad?
Rachel : On someone's lips? Where'd you get the hickey?
Rachel : What party?
Rachel : Who gave you that hickey?
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : What, as part of your poor friends outreach program? (Monica's pager goes off)
Rachel : Oh!
Rachel : So, how was the party?
Rachel : Hey Phoebs, how'd it go with Scott last night?
Rachel : Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
Rachel : What? [looks, feigns indifference] C'mon you guys, I don't care, I have a date tonight.
Rachel : Yeah, Monica's settin' me up.
Rachel : Oh what, my whole insane jealousy thing? Well, y'know, as much fun as that was, I've decided to opt for sanity.
Rachel : Oh yeah, c'mon, I'm movin' on. He can press her up against that window as much as he wants. For all I care, he can throw her through the damn thing. [Ross and Julie enter.]
Rachel : Together?
Rachel : Both of you?
Rachel : Together.
Rachel : Ohh, well, isn't that just lovely. That's something the two of you will be able to enjoy for a really, really, really, really, really long time.
Rachel : Well. [looks at watch] Woah, look at that! I gotta go, I gotta date. With a man. Um, OK, you guys have a really, uh, have a really good night and you two have a, uh, have a, uh, really good cat. [she leaves carrying her tray then comes back in] OK, we're not supposed to take these when we leave. [Scene: A nice restraunt. Rachel is on her date with Michael (MICH).]
Rachel : [distracted] How long do cats live?
Rachel : Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
Rachel : That's just great. [she picks up her champagne and starts drinking]
Rachel : Oh, right, clink. [downs her glass]
Rachel : Oh, no, Michael, it's not you. I'm sorry, it's just, it's this thing. It's probably not as bad as it sounds but this friend of mine is, is getting a cat with his girlfriend.
Rachel : I mean he just started going out with her.
Rachel : Ah, hah-hah-hah-ho, yeah, he wishes. Oh, I'm sorry, look at me. OK, Michael, let's talk about you.
Rachel : OK, OK. So, you ever get a pet with a girlfriend? [Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Joey are sitting on the couch.]
Rachel : [obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? [belligerently] What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
Rachel : Yes! Thank you. [The waiter comes to the table.]
Rachel : Oh, you're not having fun, are you?
Rachel : Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
Rachel : Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
Rachel : Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellular phone] Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo [she almost falls out of her chair]
Rachel : Hello, excuse me.
Rachel : Hi, I'm sorry, I need to borrow your phone for just one minute.
Rachel : I can see that. I... just one phone call, I'll be very quick, I'll even pay for it myself. [man is still reluctant] OK, you're bein' a little weird about your phone.
Rachel : Thank you. OK. [dials] [to Michael] Machine. Just waiting for the beep.
Rachel : [on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. [hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket] Commercial [Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is answering the door in his robe.]
Rachel : Ahhhh.
Rachel : Umm, I think there was a restaurant... I know there was wine. . . [Rachel looks at Ross as though she remembers something, but can't place what it is.]
Rachel : I don't know, I, I feel like I had a dream about you last night but I, I don't remember.
Rachel : Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?
Rachel : Huh.
Rachel : Oh yeah, go ahead. [Rachel walks in her room. Ross picks up the phone and dials his machine to check his messages.]
Rachel : Oh my God. Oh my God Ross, no, hang up the phone, give me the phone Ross, give me the phone, give me the phone, give me the. . . [jumps the couch and lands on Ross's back, finally getting the phone from him. Ross has a confused expression on his face.]
Rachel : Ohhhhhhhh God. [climbs off his back]
Rachel : Ohh, ohh.
Rachel : Ohh, OK, OK, OK, well, basically, lately, I've uh, I've uh, sort of had feelings for you.
Rachel : Yeah, what, so? You had feelings for me first.
Rachel : Chandler told me.
Rachel : When you were in China.
Rachel : Meeting Julie.
Rachel : Are you over me? [A moment of silence.]
Rachel : Wait, so, you're going?
Rachel : OK, OK.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Oh, that's um, interesting.
Rachel : Alright, I got it Ross.
Rachel : [hurt] What?
Rachel : Hey, I was doin' great before I found out about you. You think it's easy for me to see you with Julie?
Rachel : I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.
Rachel : Right, you, you only had a year. We only hung out every night.
Rachel : Hey, there was one Italian guy, OK, and do you even have a point?
Rachel : Yeah, what're you saying, you just sort of put away feelings or whatever the hell it was you felt for me?
Rachel : Alright, fine, you go ahead and you do that, alright Ross.
Rachel : 'Cause I don't need your stupid ship.
Rachel : Good. [Ross leaves] [Rachel gets up and opens the door, yelling after him.]
Rachel : And ya know what, now I've got closure. [Rachel slams the door and locks it. She sits down, visibly upset. She puts her head in her hands and begins to cry. Ross comes back and is standing outside the window. When Rachel regroups and gets back up to finish closing, she sees him. She smiles. She goes to open the door and can't get the lock undone.]
Rachel : Ross kissed me.
Rachel : It was unbelievable!
Rachel : Oh, it ended very well.
Rachel : Well, at first it was really intense, you know. And then, oh, god, and then we just sort of sunk into it.
Rachel : No, actually first they started on my waist. And then, they slid up, and then, they were in my hair. Phoebe &
Rachel : [to Ross] Hey, you.
Rachel : Good. How are you?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Did uh, Ross call?
Rachel : Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
Rachel : Oh my god.
Rachel : Oh my god, I can't believe you let me put this in my mouth. [Rachel runs to the sink to spit it out.]
Rachel : Hey, do you guys have...[sees Ross, pauses]...hi.
Rachel : [sees his coat on] Where you goin'?
Rachel : [dejected] Oh.
Rachel : Well, what's the other thing, what do I think? [Joey is looking at Rachel, smiling, and gesturing his head towards Ross.]
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Oh, god. Joey &
Rachel : Oh, oh, this is good, this is really good.
Rachel : Let me get my coat.
Rachel : Ok, he's goin' to get my coat. He's goin' to get my coat. Oh my god, you guys. I can't believe this. This is unbelievable. [notices Chandler's computer screen] What's that?
Rachel : What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?
Rachel : Well what is it? Let me see. [Ross walks back in, Rachel's coat in hand.]
Rachel : Ross, Chandler wrote something about me on his computer and he won't let me see.
Rachel : And I'm in it? Then let me read it. Chandler, Joey,
Rachel : Come on.
Rachel : All right, you know what? This isn't funny anymore. There's something about me on that piece of paper and I want to see it.
Rachel : All right, you know what, that's fine. If you guys want to be children about this, that's fine. I do not need to see it. [Rachel grabs the paper and runs across the room, reading it to herself.]
Rachel : What is this? Ross, what is this?
Rachel : Kind of ditzy? Too into her looks? Spoiled?
Rachel : Just a waitress?
Rachel : Oh! I do not have chubby ankles! [Rachel leaves, and Ross follows her into the hall.]
Rachel : She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress. [She goes into her apartment and slams the door.]
Rachel : [coldly] When somebody does not buzz you in, Ross, that means go away. That doesn't mean please climb up the fire escape.
Rachel : Not interested. [Rachel closes the drapes over the window, goes into her bedroom and closes the door.]
Rachel : No.
Rachel : That's what I said.
Rachel : No, you guys, you really don't have to go, we're done talking.
Rachel : [near tears] No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
Rachel : Oh, well, that's, that's mighty big of you, Ross. [to the others] I said don't go!
Rachel : Well, then, I guess that's the difference between us. See, I'd never make a list. [She closes the door in his face. Ross walks sullenly back to the couch and sits down. A moment of silence ensues.]
Rachel : [to Monica] Is that him again? Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighin' me down.
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Uhh, the mailman, the super. [There's a bang at the door.]
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Ooh, goooosh, ooh, these are cookies smashed in the sports section.
Rachel : Horrible and degrading list of reasons not to be with me?
Rachel : Phoebe, I thought your dad was in prison.
Rachel : How have you never been on Oprah?
Rachel : Well, that doesn't sound like a very merry Christmas.
Rachel : No, nothin'.
Rachel : Oh, by the way Mon, I don't think the mailman liked your cookies. Here are the ornaments your mom sent. [hands her a smashed box]
Rachel : Wha... forget it Ross, no, I am not gonna stand here and make a list of. . .
Rachel : OK, you're whiney, you are, you're obsessive, you are insecure, you're, you're gutless, you know, you don't ever, you don't just sort of seize the day, you know. You like me for what, a year, you didn't do anything about it. And, uh, oh, you wear too much of that gel in your hair.
Rachel : Yeah, and you know what? You're right, I do feel better, thank you Ross. [she walks off and Ross puts his hand to his hair] [Scene: Back at Phoebe's. She is on the phone]
Rachel : Oh, gosh, it's hot in here.
Rachel : Did you just break the radiator?
Rachel : I'll call the super.
Rachel : [on phone] Hi, Mr. Treeger. Hi, it's Rachel Green from upstairs. Yes, somebody, uh, broke our knob on the radiator and it's really hot in here. Yes, it's, it's hot enough to bake cookies. Well, do you think we could have a new one by 6? Wha t, no, no, Tuesday, we can't wait until Tuesday, we're having a party tonight.
Rachel : [answers door] Hi, welcome to our tropical Christmas party. You can put your coats and sweaters and pants and shirts in the bedroom.
Rachel : [answering the door] Mr. Treeger. Mr.
Rachel : Oh, yeah, well hey, welcome to our sauna. Mr.
Rachel : Yeah, I'm with Mon.
Rachel : What'cha gonna' do?
Rachel : Nice seizing. . . gel boy. Mr.
Rachel : Huh-huh, no act--no, uhh, that, that is basil. Mr.
Rachel : Huh-hoo, yeah, no, it's still basil. [Scene: Outside Phoebe's dad's house. Phoebe is running back to the cab.]
Rachel : Wiper blades. I don't even have a car.
Rachel : Joey, would you slow down? They're not gonna be sold out of papers at one o'clock in the morning.
Rachel : Joey, honey, they don't know what they're talking about.
Rachel : We went through a lot of wine tonight, you guys. [walks over to table, holding five empty wine bottles]
Rachel : I had one glass.
Rachel : OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five? [All look towards door Fun Bobby left through.]
Rachel : Ehhhummmm, I don't know, why don't you taste it.
Rachel : Oh well, too late, sorry, you already had some. Fun
Rachel : Yeah, we're gonna... we're gonna get some cake. [Phoebe and Rachel go to counter.]
Rachel : Ummmm.... well, actually I'm already done, but I...I kinda got plans.
Rachel : Yeah... I, uhh... I have a... I have a date.
Rachel : What? What is so strange about me having a date?
Rachel : Noooo, no, I'm not mad at him. I'm.. I'm not really anything at him anymore.
Rachel : I don't know. Whatever I was feeling, I'm... not.
Rachel : Oh, I know, I'm sorry you guys. You're just gonna have to get used to the fact that I will not be dating Ross. [Russ enters Central Perk. He looks like Ross, except for his chin and hair (it is David Schwimmer in a dual role).]
Rachel : Here he is. Hi. Guys, this is Russ.
Rachel : What's the matter?
Rachel : What, isn't he sober?
Rachel : Ohhh, OK. [Monica returns to couch next to Fun Bobby.]
Rachel : Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.
Rachel : Hi Russ, I've just got two more tables to clean and then we'll go, OK?
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Uhh.... waitressing?
Rachel : [looks at him] Huh, Bob Saget?
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Well, we're not seeing each other, so....
Rachel : Well, yeah, this is the deal.
Rachel : Um, Russ, you ready?
Rachel : Bye.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : No, Phoebs. I'm dating Russ.
Rachel : Steve... sleeve!
Rachel : Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing. [They look over at Russ and Ross.]
Rachel : Ewww, ewww, ewww, ewww! [turns away] [Scene: Ross, Phoebe, Rachel, and Chandler at Monica and Rachel's apartment.]
Rachel : Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
Rachel : I don't know. Who would I have to sleep with?
Rachel : Why would I have to sleep with you?
Rachel : Oh God, even his knock is boring. [Monica answers the door. Its Fun Bobby.]
Rachel : What happened?
Rachel : [entering hurriedly] Did I miss it? Did I miss it?
Rachel : I'm sorry, what?
Rachel : That's great!
Rachel : What do you mean?
Rachel : Ok, who ordered what?
Rachel : Oh god.
Rachel : I know, but it's just it's the first time, and I just don't want her to think that because I didn't marry Barry, that my life is total crap, you know?
Rachel : Mom! Mrs.
Rachel : Pretty much. Mrs.
Rachel : This is Joey, and Phoebe, and this is Chandler, and you remember Ross. Mrs.
Rachel : Oh Mom! Mrs.
Rachel : Really? Mrs.
Rachel : Yeah, well just be glad he's not playing a smaller instrument. Mrs.
Rachel : I know. And Mom, I realize you and Daddy were upset when I didn't marry Barry and get the big house in the suburbs with all the security and everything, but this is just so much better for me, you know? Mrs.
Rachel : For...me. Mrs.
Rachel : Well, what do you mean? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh god. I think I'm gonna be sick.
Rachel : None.
Rachel : No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
Rachel : I just can't believe this is happening. I mean, when I was little, everybody's parents were getting divorced. I just figured as a grownup I wouldn't have to worry about this.
Rachel : Well, then, you know, couldn't she have just copied my haircut?
Rachel : These are from Halloween three years ago. Mrs.
Rachel : No, that was his costume. See, he's actually an orthodontist, but he came as a regular dentist.
Rachel : Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
Rachel : Hey, Mon, you want some help?
Rachel : She's still with you?
Rachel : God!
Rachel : Oh! What's new in sex? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing? Mrs.
Rachel : You want me to talk you out of it? Mrs.
Rachel : Then what? What do you want? Mrs.
Rachel : Why on earth would I understand this? Mrs.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Hey, Mom? Having fun? Mrs.
Rachel : There's more alcohol, right? [Susan approaches Ross, who's looking lonely]
Rachel : I had a wedding.
Rachel : Oh, Ross, you had to, I mean, he was humping everything in sight. I mean, I have a Malibu Barbi that will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
Rachel : Ya know, in crazy world, that means you're married.
Rachel : Oh, Phoebe, that really cute guy is here again.
Rachel : And she's not crazy?
Rachel : Oh my God.
Rachel : Not at all inappropriate!
Rachel : Well, so what're you gonna do?
Rachel : No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens.
Rachel : Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?
Rachel : Oh, I know, I know. [Turns on the TV. Joey in on it.]
Rachel : Yes, yes it is true. And I know this because, because he pretended to be Drake to, to sleep with me. [throws water in his face]
Rachel : You're kidding.
Rachel : OK. [little kid enters]
Rachel : Now just how big of a star is Marcel?
Rachel : What what what what?
Rachel : Ya think?
Rachel : No, was he any good in it?
Rachel : Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
Rachel : What, so you go over there, you tell him you think he's cute, what's the worst that could happen?
Rachel : OK, I'm doin' it for ya.
Rachel : Excuse me. Hi. Van
Rachel : Um, this is gonna sound kinda goofy but uhhm, my friend over there, who cooks by the way, um, she thinks you're cute. Van
Rachel : I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her? Van
Rachel : Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
Rachel : He just kept asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking, and asking.
Rachel : Jean-Claude she said yes, I'll see you tonight. Thank you. [Scene: Central Perk. Joey and the girls are sitting at the couches.]
Rachel : And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Rachel : Does anybody need anything?
Rachel : That is so unfair.
Rachel : Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. [Monica starts making faces behind her back] She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
Rachel : That is the most ridiculous.
Rachel : I did not sell you out.
Rachel : Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]
Rachel : OK, well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was jus- [Monica flicks her back] Ow. That hurt [flicks Monica]
Rachel : Ow, you stop flicking.
Rachel : Ow. Ow. Ow.
Rachel : Oh, what do you, you want me to stop seeing him, is that what you want?
Rachel : You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?
Rachel : Oh that's what you want.
Rachel : Fine.
Rachel : No. [hitting each other]
Rachel : No. [hitting again] [Monica grabs Rachel by the sweater. Rachel squirms out of it]
Rachel : OK, OK, that is my favorite sweater, that is my third date sweater.
Rachel : OK, you wanna play? OK, let's play, let's play. [She grabs a jar of tomato sauce and Monica's purse]
Rachel : You give me back my sweater or it's handbag marinara.
Rachel : Oh yeah. Well, at least I wasn't too chicken to tell some guy I thought he was cute. [Monica pulls a thread on Rachel's sweater and Rachel dumps the tomato sauce in Monica's purse]
Rachel : I'll help you throw out your purse.
Rachel : Well, I'm sorry I went out with him when I knew you liked him.
Rachel : OK, well, bye. [kisses him] Van
Rachel : OK, well, bye-bye again. [kisses him again]
Rachel : Oh, no no no no no. Van
Rachel : No no no no.
Rachel : Impressive.
Rachel : Bye-bye. [Scene: City street. Whole gang is there seeing off Marcel.]
Rachel : Oh yeah.
Rachel : Hi. Mrs.
Rachel : Oh, well, you know, they're just separated so, you know, never know, we'll see. Mr.
Rachel : What, what incident? Mr.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : What are you, what are you doin'?
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Saving, saving, saving me from the pleasant conversation with the interesting man, saving me?
Rachel : OK, Ross, listen to me, I am not yours to save.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : OK, you know what, are, are you being like, the blind date guy again?
Rachel : Ross, there is no us, OK.
Rachel : No, listen to me. I fell for you and I get clobbered. You then fall for me and I again, somehow, get clobbered. I'm tired of being clobbered, ya know, it's, it's just not worth it.
Rachel : NO but Ross. We are never gonna happen, OK. Accept that.
Rachel : No, no, ACC-cept that.
Rachel : [comes up from behind the bar and startles Chandler] Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found? [holds up Chandler's bracelet]
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : Oh my God.
Rachel : They had to reduce it because of, of my deviated septum.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Ahh, so do you, beautiful. [they hug]
Rachel : What?
Rachel : Oh, that's OK, it's just the shoulder, it's not my dress. Mr.
Rachel : Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
Rachel : [the shoulders of her dress keep falling off her shoulders] Is my hook unhooked? These things keep falling down, I can't. . .
Rachel : Oh, the guys are here.
Rachel : Oh my God, look there's Roy Gublik.
Rachel : Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet?
Rachel : I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too late.
Rachel : I can't believe I don't get to go to my own prom, this is so harsh.
Rachel : Hi you guys.
Rachel : Hey you.
Rachel : So, uh, how was your day?
Rachel : Really? Mine too.
Rachel : OK. [they go to kiss but everyone's watching so Ross just kisses her on the top of her head and leaves]
Rachel : It is our first official date. Our first date.
Rachel : Hi.
Rachel : God, oh God Monica, I forgot. This is our first date.
Rachel : Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you. See Phoebe, Phoebe.
Rachel : C'mon, I'm not saying it was a bad movie, I'm just saying, you know, it was a little. . . hard to follow.
Rachel : I know, I just didn't want to wear my glasses on my first date. [They start kissing.]
Rachel : Monica.
Rachel : Honey, I'm just checking.
Rachel : Monica.
Rachel : Monica.
Rachel : I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm sorry, it's just that when you moved your hands down to my butt, it was like woah, Ross's hands are on my butt. Sorry.
Rachel : Well it's not, honey I'm sorry, I guess I'm just nervous. I mean, it's you, ya know, it's us. I mean, we're crossing that line, sort of a big thing.
Rachel : OK. [start kissing again and Rachel starts lauging again]
Rachel : I know, I know, I know, I know. I was just thinking about when they were there the last time, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. OK, OK, look, woah, I promise, I'm good, I'm not gonna laugh anymore. OK put your hands back there.
Rachel : Just one cheek.
Rachel : Alright, just put your hands out and I'll back up into them.
Rachel : C'mon touch it.
Rachel : Oh, come on squeeze it.
Rachel : Rub it.
Rachel : Oh, come on, would you just grab my ass. [Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. They are watching a Miracle Wax info-mercial.]
Rachel : Hi you guys. Chandler and
Rachel : Hi. Listen, I was um, thinkin' about. . .
Rachel : OK, listen, I'm sorry about last night and I really want to make it up to you.
Rachel : Well, I was thinking maybe a um, a romantic dinner with um, candles and wine and then uh, maybe going back to my place for um, dessert.
Rachel : What's this.
Rachel : Hi you guys.
Rachel : Alright you guys, I'm takin' off my shirt.
Rachel : Ya know, Dr. Burke kissed me once.
Rachel : When I was um, 7, I crashed my bike right out in front of his house and to stop me from crying he kissed me right here. [points to the tip of her nose]
Rachel : I know.
Rachel : It's OK, it's fine.
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Yeah well, you know what, so is uh, Sorentino's.
Rachel : No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
Rachel : We won't?
Rachel : OK, that's dead right? [Scene: The museum planetarium. Ross and Rachel enter on stage.]
Rachel : What is this? What are we doing?
Rachel : Grape.
Rachel : Oh, God. [The stereo system booms out 'Billions of years ago. . .'. Ross gets up and changes it to music.]
Rachel : Ah, so what are we looking at?
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Oh it's OK. You were worth the wait, and I don't just mean tonight. [they kiss]
Rachel : This time it's not so funny. [They kiss and start undressing. As Rachel tries to pull off Ross's tie she catches it in his mouth. Then they roll across the fur rug.]
Rachel : Ah, oh God. Oh, honey, oh that's OK.
Rachel : Oh, thank God. [Scene: Museum of Natural History. The next morning Rachel and Ross are sleeping in the display under a fur.]
Rachel : Hi you. I can't believe I'm waking up next to you.
Rachel : What?
Rachel : [enters from her room] OK, ready when you are.
Rachel : Yes, but you can not tell Ross 'cause I want to surprise him.
Rachel : Hi. Well hey, you don't - you don't think they're kind of cool?
Rachel : Well I. . .
Rachel : [reluctantly] Uh-huh.
Rachel : Uh-huh.
Rachel : No. Well, yeah, maybe.
Rachel : What's 1922?
Rachel : Yes I do, it's just that Ross is. . .
Rachel : No.
Rachel : You?
Rachel : I know, so do I. Oh Phoebe, I'm so glad you made me do this. OK, lemme se yours.
Rachel : Phoebe we just saw mine, let me see yours.
Rachel : You didn't get it?
Rachel : Why didn't you get it?
Rachel : Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.
Rachel : Really? You don't say, because mine was licked on by kittens. [Scene: Chandler and Joey's apartment. Chandler is at the bar and Joey enters.]
Rachel : Oh.
Rachel : Is Ross here?
Rachel : Oh really, OK. [shows Monica her tattoo]
Rachel : What? You didn't get one.
Rachel : That is not a tattoo, that is a nothing. I finally got her back in the chair, bairly touched her with a needle, she jumped up screaming, and that was it.
Rachel : Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo. [she bends over and bears her tattoo right when Ross returns]
Rachel : Maybe. But just a little one. Phoebe got the whole world.
Rachel : Well?
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : I guess.
Rachel : Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
Rachel : [holding a pillow made out of 4 inch red fur] Hey, nice pillow. So now tell me, is this genuine Muppet skin?
Rachel : Hey, nice toilet.
Rachel : OK, here we go. Honey, I'm sorry, they were all out of apple pie, someone just got the last piece. [Phoebe enters]
Rachel : Oh God. Ross, OK, if you care about me at all, you will get the pie out of the man's hood.
Rachel : Pie in the hood, pie in the hood. Go. [Ross goes over behind the guy and grabs the pie out of his hood as he leaves]
Rachel : What's goin' on?
Rachel : Well, you're not sixteen, you're both adults now.
Rachel : Or ya know, he's rubber and you're glue.
Rachel : [sarcastically] I've never wanted you more. [Scene: Chandler's apartment. Chandler is sitting on the bar wearing huge dog-slippers]
Rachel : Look, Chandler, he has moved on, OK, you have to too.
Rachel : It'll never last, he's just a rebound roommate. [Pheobe enters]
Rachel : Pretty uhm, different huh?
Rachel : Would you guys stop.
Rachel : Oh my God.
Rachel : Now I'm mommy in this little play? Alright look, I refuse to get sucked into this like, weird little Geller dimension thing OK. So I'm gonna go and take a nice long hot bubble bath because you kids are driving me crazy. [goes in the bathroom]
Rachel : Well, how did you find out?
Rachel : OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
Rachel : [sings] And you're no friend to those with noses.
Rachel : So what happens next?
Rachel : Great set tonight Phoebs.
Rachel : Phoebe's dead. [Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment. Chandler is there. There's a knock at the door. He answers it to see a young woman holding a fishtank.]
Rachel : Hey, it's not that big a deal, I was just curious.
Rachel : Wow, I am so glad I'm not Monica right now.
Rachel : Uhhhooo.
Rachel : Well, there's you.
Rachel : Ok, uh, Billy Dreskin, Pete Carney, Barry, and uh, oh, Paolo.
Rachel : Oh honey, are you jealous of Paolo? Oh, c'mon, I'm so much happier with you than I ever was with him.
Rachel : Oh please. That Paolo thing was barely a relationship. All it really was was just, ya know, meaningless animal sex. Ok, ya know, that sounded soooo much better in my head. [Scene: Chandler and Eddie's apartment.]
Rachel : Ross, Ross, please listen to me. Ross, you are so much better for me than Paolo ever was. I mean you care about me, you're loving, you make me laugh.
Rachel : God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
Rachel : Ok, Ross, try to hear me. Ok, I, hey, I'm not gonna lie to you. Ok, it was good with Paolo.
Rachel : But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
Rachel : Oh, hi.
Rachel : Oh my God, honey that's great.
Rachel : Oh they're in the top drawer. Hurry.
Rachel : Ooooh yeah. [they pull out the box of condoms but there's only one left]
Rachel : Ok, I, I will do your laundry for one month.
Rachel : Ok, ok, ok, I will, I will, I, hey, I will clean the apartment for two months.
Rachel : Agghhh.
Rachel : Rock-paper-scissors?
Rachel : Yeesss.
Rachel : Honey.
Rachel : Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please? [they turn on the TV]
Rachel : So, he's on the show, he knows what happens.
Rachel : Oh good. Dr.
Rachel : Joey.
Rachel : Oh c'mon Joey, we care about you.
Rachel : Well, maybe they can find a way to bring you back.
Rachel : Yeah, Joey honey, I don't know if this'll mean anything to you but you'll always be pre-approved with us.
Rachel : Hey. Whe-ell, look at you, finally got that time machine workin' huh?
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?
Rachel : Men just take out wind?
Rachel : Wow.
Rachel : Well that sounds kinda cool, kinda like The Hobbit.
Rachel : Oh, God, oh, God, I mean it's just so.
Rachel : Uhh, I mean this is like reading about my own life. I mean this book could have been called 'Be Your Own Windkeeper Rachel'.
Rachel : NO!
Rachel : No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
Rachel : No, see this isn't about the movie theatre, this is about you stealing my wind.
Rachel : Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?
Rachel : Ok, I just, I just really need to be with myself right now. I'm sorry.
Rachel : You're right, I don't have to apologize. Sorry. Damnit! [Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey and Ross enter.]
Rachel : Yeah you like totally let him wash his feet in the pool of your inner power.
Rachel : Ok, ok, ok, moving on, moving on, next question. Ok number 29, have you ever betrayed another goddess for a lightning bearer? Ok, number 30.
Rachel : Not uh, not to my recollection.
Rachel : Only 'cause you took up half the circle.
Rachel : Well not when they find out you slept with Jason Hurley an hour after he broke up with Monica.
Rachel : Here are your cakes.
Rachel : No, I know, they're from me. Look you guys this is not good. I mean we have enough trouble with guys stealing our wind without taking it from each other.
Rachel : You know.
Rachel : Thank you. So are we good?
Rachel : We're good?
Rachel : Ok, let me take these cakes back 'cause they're gonna take that out of my paycheck.
Rachel : No way. The most romantic song ever was "The Way We Were."
Rachel : What song is that, Pheebs?
Rachel : Hi, Monica.
Rachel : No. It's been three nights in a row.
Rachel : Monica, you broke up with him for a reason.
Rachel : Well, you know, I'm not surprised. I mean, have you seen them together? They're really cute.
Rachel : Yes, Joey, I remember. She's annoying. But you know what, she's his girlfriend now. I mean, what can we do?
Rachel : Honey, I was wondering. Do you still have that Navy uniform?
Rachel : You remember not having sex in high school, right? [pause] Well, honey, what about you? I mean, you have any fun fantasy-type things?
Rachel : Come on, you gotta have one.
Rachel : Ross, you know what? If you tell me, I might do it.
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : Did you ever do the Leia thing?
Rachel : Really? That great, huh?
Rachel : Hi, you guys.
Rachel : Mon? Hi. Why aren't you at work?
Rachel : Why?
Rachel : You really, really need to get some sleep.
Rachel : Really? Let me see. Let me see.
Rachel : Ross, I didn't think it would that big a deal.
Rachel : Okay, who are you talking to when you do that?
Rachel : Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend. We tell each other everything. You know? Guys do the same thing. What about that locker room stuff?
Rachel : Both of those Joey?
Rachel : Not even with your best friend?
Rachel : That is so sad. You're missing out on so much, Ross. I mean, the bonding and the sharing, you know. Knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
Rachel : Pretty much.
Rachel : Uh, honey, that was with Carol.
Rachel : Okay, here we go. [she pulls off the robe to reveal the gold bikini] I'm Jabba's prisoner and you...have a really weird look on your face... honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
Rachel : Hey hey. Oh, look at you, all sexy.
Rachel : Oooh...wow. Hi. [they embrace]
Rachel : How come you didn't come over earlier?
Rachel : Yeah, I just have to get dressed.
Rachel : Yeah, once I figure out what I'm wearing. [walks into her bedroom and closes door]
Rachel : [walking out into the living room] You guys, does this look like something the girlfriend of a paleontologist would wear?
Rachel : Uh, no. Wait, you know what? This is the outfit that makes my calves look fat...never mind. [walks back into bedroom]
Rachel : [coming out of bedroom] What? Ross (in person): Never mind. [Two beeps.] Richard (on machine): Monica, it's Richard. Call me.
Rachel : [coming out of bedroom] Is this a little too [looks up and notices Phoebe's stained dress] Pheebs, what happened?
Rachel : Oh, honey, we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket?
Rachel : No, you're right. We'll find you something. Let's just get you out of that.
Rachel : [to Monica, who has just come in] Monica, can Phoebe borrow your green dress?
Rachel : Okay, Pheebs, you go with Monica. [Monica and Phoebe go to Mon's bedroom] Try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh god, what am I gonna wear?
Rachel : Honey, I'm just trying to look nice for your big night.
Rachel : Ross, that was a Halloween costume. Unless you would like me to go to this thing as Little Bo Peep.
Rachel : Which, by the way, Chandler, I would like back one of these days.
Rachel : Oh, it's perfect. But not for tonight.
Rachel : No. I'm sorry. I love you. I love you. Breathe. [Rachel and Phoebe go to her bedroom]
Rachel : [coming out of bedroom holding shoes] Okay, Pheebs, quick, which shoes should I wear? The black or the purple? The purple ones?
Rachel : Yeah, but those really go better with pants. Maybe I should wear pants.
Rachel : [calmly] Alright. [she turns and goes back to bedroom]
Rachel : I'm not gonna go.
Rachel : No. I think I'm gonna catch up on my correspondence.
Rachel : I'm not gonna go, so I think that will accomplish the not going.
Rachel : Well, ever since, I was humiliated and yelled at in front of my friends, I'm just, I don't know, not in a very, you know, museum, benefitty kind of mood.
Rachel : That's fine.
Rachel : I'm not mad. I'm just not going.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : Right.
Rachel : Right. And the humiliating.
Rachel : Right.
Rachel : Um-hum. [Ross goes to kiss Rachel and she turns so he kisses the side of her head.]
Rachel : No. No. No. Wait. Wait a minute. That actually sounds interesting.
Rachel : I think you should drink the fat.
Rachel : No...no... I'll go. I'll go.
Rachel : You were really gonna do that, weren't you?
Rachel : [tearfully] You were gonna drink the fat.
Rachel : And I still have about five seconds to spare. [they kiss] That was about seven seconds.
Rachel : Come on...oh, and by the way, I'm going commando too.
Rachel : 'Okay. (listens) Okay, daddy we'll see you tomorrow night. (listens) Okay bye-bye.' (hangs up)
Rachel : Are ah, having dinner with my Dad tomorrow night, I hope that's okay.
Rachel : Ross, my father doesn't hate you.
Rachel : But honey he calls everybody by a nickname! Okay, look, I know, all right, just one dinner, please, just one night for me, please. I just want him to love you like I do. (Ross looks at her) All right, well not exactly like I do, but, but, if you do come to dinner, I'll love you like I do in that black thing that you like.
Rachel : Thank you.
Rachel : Hi Daddy! Dr.
Rachel : You remember Ross. Dr.
Rachel : Yeah, actually Daddy Ross is allergic to lobster. Dr.
Rachel : Okay.
Rachel : Aw honey stop! It's not that bad.
Rachel : Yeah. That's Daddy.
Rachel : Yes, it bothers me Ross, but y'know if he was a regular at the coffee house, I'd be serving him sneezers.
Rachel : So. Ross, I've bugged him about this a million times, he's not gonna change.
Rachel : Well um, I don't. Dr
Rachel : Yeah it is, it is. (to Ross) We really, really have to do something about that.
Rachel : Oh Daddy, no he didn't mean anything by that, he really didn't.
Rachel : You had to do it, didn't you? You couldn't just leave it alone.
Rachel : Ross, tonight was about the two of you getting along. (Ross groans and rubs his neck) Oh, would you just see my chiropractor, already.
Rachel : Um. yeah.
Rachel : All right, look, here's the bottom line Ross, this is fixable, if we act fast, okay. So, I'll invite him to brunch tomorrow and you can make nice.
Rachel : Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Rachel : Okay, well can't you just try it one more time Ross? For me? For me?
Rachel : Okay, well you are just gonna have too, okay. Because I already got a Mother and a Father who cannot stay in the same room together, okay, I don't wanna have to have a separate room for you too!! (starts to cry)
Rachel : (opening the door) Hi Daddy. Dr.
Rachel : What? What? He's interested in you. He-he likes your hair, he just wants to know how you got here.
Rachel : What?!
Rachel : He's got this thing. And I keep telling him to go to my chiropractor... Dr.
Rachel : Excuse me, Dr. Bobby happens to be an excellent doctor.
Rachel : Well that's his last name.
Rachel : It's Robert Bobby. Dr.
Rachel : And um, excuse me, he helps me.
Rachel : With my alignment. I've got one leg shorter than the other. Dr.
Rachel : What? It's true, my right leg is two inches shorter. Dr.
Rachel : I'm sorry, let her?
Rachel : No. Dr.
Rachel : Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
Rachel : You want me to just quit my job so that you can feel like you've got a girlfriend?
Rachel : (shocked) Oh my God.
Rachel : Oh my God. I cannot keep having this same fight with you Ross! Look, urrgh, maybe we should take a break.
Rachel : No. A break from us. (Ross looks at her, then leaves slamming the door behind him.) [Monica and Rachel's, Mark is there, opening Chinese food boxes.]
Rachel : Then, we had this big, stupid fight, and I said I wanted to take a break, I don't want to take a break.
Rachel : Nobody.
Rachel : Umm, honey, look he just came over to....
Rachel : Hey.
Rachel : Well, we never actually got to dinner.
Rachel : No, we kinda broke up instead.
Rachel : (looking up at the ceiling) God, Monica it's on the ceiling.
Rachel : Yeah, but it's okay, because when Ross left Mark came over.
Rachel : No.
Rachel : No, no-no, it's okay, calm down. Mark and I talked, and I realised how much I love your stupid brother, and, yeah, we got our problems, but I really want to make it work. [Ross's Bedroom, Ross is waking up. He straightens himself out on the bed and puts the covers over his head.]
Rachel : (on answering machine) Hi, it's me. I've been trying to reach you all night. I feel awful. Please, Ross, you gotta know there is nothing between me and Mark. This whole break-up thing is just stupid.
Rachel : Eh, I'm just so sorry I put you through it. And, I y'know, I don't want to get back together over a machine.
Rachel : So, I love you.
Rachel : And y'know what, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go to bed now, but ah, on my way to work tomorrow morning, I'm gonna stop by around 8:30.
Rachel : Bye. (Ross finds a clock, sees it's almost 8:30, and silently screams.)
Rachel : Hi. Ohhh, you got my message.
Rachel : So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
Rachel : I can't talk to you. I can't even look at you right now!
Rachel : Just get away from me!
Rachel : A mistake?! What were you trying to put it in? Her purse?! [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : Ross, you had sex with another woman! [Cut to Monica's bedroom, both Monica and Phoebe gasp.]
Rachel : (opening the door) Y'know what, I want you to leave! Get outta here!
Rachel : Just get out! Now!!
Rachel : Okay! All right! How was she? [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : Was she good? [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let's talk about it!! How was she?
Rachel : Good different?
Rachel : Whoa!! Whoa, whoa, wait a minute. What time did your little friend leave? (Ross can't answer that) Oh my God. She was there? She was still there? She was in there, when I was in there?! (Ross hands Rachel back the newspaper, and she starts beating him with it again.)
Rachel : And yet she was worth jeopardising our relationship!! (She throws the paper at him, misses and hits Monica's door, they all jump back at the sound.)
Rachel : We were on a break!
Rachel : You think you're gonna get out of this on a technicality?
Rachel : Well, you sure had a hell of a time at the wake! [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : God! And to have to hear about it from Gunther!!
Rachel : Oh, that is so sweet. I think I'm falling in love with you all over again. [Cut to Monica's bedroom]
Rachel : All right. Let's say I had slept with Mark. Would you have been able to forgive me?
Rachel : You'd be okay if you knew that Mark had kissed me, and been naked with me, and made love to me?
Rachel : You knew that our hot, sweaty, writhing bodies were....
Rachel : I'm thinking, I'm gonna order a pizza.
Rachel : Fine. (on phone) Hi! Yes, I'd like to order a large pizza.
Rachel : With ah, extra anchovies.
Rachel : Yeah, and could you please chop some up and just put it right there in the sauce? [Cut to later, they are finishing up the pizza, there's one piece left.]
Rachel : Well, I should think so. You slept with someone. [Cut to Monica's bedroom, they're all eating the wax, Chandler and Phoebe, don't like it. Joey tries some and makes a face like: 'Hey, that's not so bad.']
Rachel : That's....
Rachel : That is neither here nor there.
Rachel : No Ross!! (stands up and moves away from him) Don't! You can't just kiss me and think you're gonna make it all go away, okay? It doesn't work that way. It doesn't just make it better. Okay?
Rachel : (softly) I think you should go.
Rachel : (softly) I really think you need to go now.
Rachel : Yeah, what the hell did I know!
Rachel : (crying) No. I can't, you're a totally different person to me now. I used to think of you as somebody that would never, ever hurt me, ever. God, and now I just can't stop picturing with her, I can't, (Ross stands up and backs away) it doesn't matter what you say, or what you do, Ross. It's just changed, everything. Forever. [We see the rest of them are now crying.]
Rachel : Then how come it is? [Scene: Monica's bedroom.]
Rachel : I can't go to my own prom without a date, I can't, it's too
Rachel : (Running to the ticket counter) Ooh, ooh, ooh,ooh,ooh. (Slightly out of breath) Hi. Ticket
Rachel : (Faking cheerfulness.) Hello. Umm, when is your next flight to London? Ticket
Rachel : Ohh, good. Ticket
Rachel : Ohh, thank you, thank you, thank you. Ticket
Rachel : (looking through her wallet.) Ohh, I just don't think I have enough left on my credit card. Ticket
Rachel : Ohh, okay, how about five. (She hands her all the credit cards.) Ohh, thank you. Ticket
Rachel : (Looking through her purse.) Okay, you know what? I don't have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty. (She slides it across the counter.) Ticket
Rachel : (Running to her room.) Hi, Pheebs.
Rachel : (Running back out the door with her passport.) Bye, Pheebs.
Rachel : Hi, I'm back. Listen, I need to... Ticket
Rachel : Hello. I need to get on the 11 o'clock flight. Ticket
Rachel : Okay, you know what/ You're going to have to call that plane and tell them to swing around and come and pick me up. Ticket
Rachel : Sure, you know what? Come on, we'll just tell them that there was like a problem with like the "engine". Ticket
Rachel : Look, If I don't get to London!! He is going to marry that other girl!!! Ticket
Rachel : All right, you know what? I am not leaving here, until you call that plane back!! (She pounds her hand on the counter twice. The ticket agent counters by placing the closed sign on the counter and tapping it twice.) [Scene: Chandlers hotel room. Ross bursts into the room.]
Rachel : Ohhh.(she rhythmically taps her hands on the magazine on her lap.)
Rachel : Yeah?
Rachel : Oh. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. Sorry. (She hums and sighs happily.) It's just, I'm ahh, I'm kinda excited. I'm, ahh, going to London to ahh, tell this guy that I love him and... (He puts his headphones on to ignore her.) [Scene: Joey enters his hotel room. The phone is ringing.]
Rachel : ...And so then I realized. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn't come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
Rachel : Ehh, pardon me?
Rachel : But he has to know how I feel!
Rachel : (Sighing) Well I-I think your wrong.
Rachel : Well I just came...(She touches him near his heart. She's almost in tears.) I just needed to tell you...(Looking into his eyes. She takes a deep breath.) Congratulations. (He hugs her. She can barely hold back the tears.) [Scene: Camera fades to one of the band members playing guitar at the wedding. The chapel is full of guest. A groomsmen escorts a bridesmaid down the isle. Joey is waiting with Mrs. Waltham to escort he down the isle. A cellular phone rings.] Mrs. Waltham: (Answering the phone.) Hello, Waltham Interiors.
Rachel : Hi!
Rachel : I can't believe this! This is Emma's first Thanksgiving!
Rachel : It's not? (whispering to Ross) When was she born?
Rachel : Hi! Happy Thanksgiving!
Rachel : Did you at least win the contest?
Rachel : Can't wait!
Rachel : Yeah.
Rachel : Well, let's see... uh... I know that she has a meeting with her lawyer and then she has to make a very big poop. Why?
Rachel : Oh my God! That's the creepiest thing I've ever heard!
Rachel : Oh! Phoebe, all babies are beautiful!
Rachel : Phoebe, just the idea of pitting one baby against another, I mean, you know, and judging who's cuter just for a trophy...
Rachel : And a thousand dollars.
Rachel : ...is something I'm very interested in! Oh please, do not tell Ross. He still believes that (in a deep voice, mocking Ross) what's in the inside is important...
Rachel : Where am I gonna get a cowgirl outfit on Thanksgiving?
Rachel : Oh, take the clothes of Joey's Cabbage Patch Kid.
Rachel : Oh Phoebe, listen. Well, I think we gotta go. This place is really freaking me out. I've been watching this guy over there, I don't think he came with a kid!
Rachel : Phoebe, I think... It's just too weird, I just saw a one year old running around with pantyhose on!
Rachel : Oh, Phoebe! Come on! You know what, it's already three o'clock and they haven't even gotten to Emma's group yet. We gotta go, we got dinner!
Rachel : Phoebe, you have to calm down.
Rachel : Really?
Rachel : You heard them say that?
Rachel : All right, okay. Alright, let's give to these babies something to cry about!
Rachel : No, what?
Rachel : No Phoebe, I am not letting you put makeup on my baby!
Rachel : Because I already did! [Scene: Madison Square Garden] (there's a lot of shouting and yelling)
Rachel : No...
Rachel : What are you doing here!
Rachel : And I won!
Rachel : Yes! (spells it) Y-E-S. Yes!
Rachel : Yeah. That's me!
Rachel : She won a thousand dollars!
Rachel : Well, I don't know, you guys figure it out, I got to put Emma down for a nap.
Rachel : Alright, Emma is napping... (then to Ross) what happened to your shirt?
Rachel : You know what, we just say that she said it was 5 o'clock. We'll just act casual. We're not late, we're right on time. (When she finishes talking, a note is pushed from under Monica's and Chandler's door, into the hall. Ross picks it up and reads it out loud)
Rachel : Oh, God. This is bad. This is so bad.
Rachel : Oh, hey, I have an idea. Why don't we play rock-paper-scissors, and whoever loses goes in first. (they all agree) Ready? (they do the rock-paper-scissor thing with they hands and Rachel has paper, Phoebe and Ross both have rock, while Joey is doing a strange upward wiggling with his fingers. They all look a him confused).
Rachel : Alright, enough, enough, come on. Let's just all go in at the same time.
Rachel : Alright, come on... (starts to knock on the door) Alright, you guys. We're so sorry we're late. Please let us in, so we can have dinner together. [cut to Monica and Chandler]
Rachel : You guys, come on, it doesn't matter why we're late. We're all here now, please let us in so we can have some of your delicious turkey. (A slice of turkey on a piece of aluminum foil is slid under door)
Rachel : (gasps) Oh, I just remembered. We do have something to eat. Monica put something in our oven this morning.
Rachel : Huh... OH MY GOD IT'S BRUSSELS SPROUTS. (they all look appalled)
Rachel : Oh, I know... I still have my old key! (She goes in to get it and comes back with her keys) We can just unlock the door.
Rachel : You know what? I don't want to be with them either, but it's Thanksgiving and we should not want to be together, together. (Goes to unlock the door)
Rachel : Oh! (Joey sticks his head through the gap. Monica and Chandler are now sitting at the dinner table. There is another smaller table full of food standing in front of the front door) (Monica and Chandler do not look amused by Joeys head in the door)
Rachel : So, so sorry.
Rachel : So bad.
Rachel : Dessert?
Rachel : Congratulatioooons!
Rachel : Ewww, is that what that is?
Rachel : Yeah! I'll cook!
Rachel : Hey!
Rachel : I lent them to Ross.
Rachel : I'm so happy for you!
Rachel : To Monica and Chandler... and that knocked up girl in Ohio.
Rachel : Really?
