Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
 Raindrops on roses and rabbits and kittens, ..bluebells and sleighbells and- something with mittens... La la la la...
Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.  SCENE
Give her a break, it's hard being on your own for the first time.
You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, clea ning windows outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel. 
She's already fluffed that pillow... Monica, you know, you've already fluffed that-  -but, it's fine!
Monica- Hi! Um, Monica, you're scaring me. I mean, you're like, you're like all chaotic and twirly. And not-not in a good way.
Yeah. We don't speak. She's like this high-powered, driven career type.
You know, if you tilt your head to the left, and relax your eyes, it kinda looks like an old potato.
Um, not so good. He walked me to the subway and said 'We should do this again!'
Or, or, y'know, um, 'I think we should see other people' means 'Ha, ha, I already am'.
Yeah- no- I'm just- it's, I haven't worked- It's my bank.
It's nothing, it's just- Okay. I'm going through my mail, and I open up their monthly, you know, STATEMENT-
- and there's five hundred extra dollars in my account.
Yes, 'cause now I have to go down there, and deal with them.
It's not mine, I didn't earn it, if I kept it, it would be like stealing.
Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'...
Okay. I'd- just- I'd never be able to enjoy it. It would be like this giant karmic debt.
Oh, I can't believe you! You've been so good, for three years!
Oh, no! I- I can't drink this now!
'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this-  -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone!
Yes, yes! Like the man in the shoe!
From the nursery rhyme. 'There was a crooked man, Who had a crooked smile, Who lived in a shoe, For a... while...' 
Yes. But I left in the Ys. 'Cause, y'know, "sometimes y". Uh, I also have something else for you. 
No, but would you like a thousand dollars and a football phone?
No, I want you to have it. I don't want it.
No. 'Cause you need that. No, it's okay, thanks.
Okay, alright, you buy me a soda, and then we're even. Okay?
I know! I know, I opened it up and there it was, just floating in there, like this tiny little hitch-hiker!
Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered.
Does anyone want the rest of this Pop-Tart?
Sorry. ..Y'know, those stupid soda people gave me seven thousand dollars for the thumb.
And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?!
Wait, wait, I'm getting a deja vu...no, I'm not.
You know.. you let your guard down, you start to really care about someone, and I just- I- 
 If you never smoke again I'll give you seven thousand dollars!
Okay, okay. If I were omnipotent for a day, I would want, um, world peace, no more hunger, good things for the rain-forest...And bigger boobs!
My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are!
I remember the day I got my first pay check. There was a cave in in one of the mines, and eight people were killed.
Ooh! Ooh! And I brought Operation! But, um, I lost the tweezers, so we can't operate. But we can prep the guy!
Yeah, right! See, he gave up something, but then he got those magic beans. And then he woke up, and there was this, this big plant outside his window, full of possibilities and stuff.. And he lived in a village, and you live in the Village..
Oh, well... 'cause.... you just... I don't like this question.
Oh, I wanna see! Lemme see! Lemme see! 
Oh, wait, she's walking across the floor.. she's walking.. she's walking.. she's going for the pizza-  Hey, that's not for you, bitch!  
Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, fine, fine. Now I don't feel so bad about sleeping with Jason Hurley.
Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care. 
You know, if you want, I'll do it with you.
No, I mean you break up with Janice and I'll break up with Tony.
Yeah, I know, he's sweet, but it's just not fun anymore, you know? I don't know if it's me, or his hunger strike, or, I don't know.
This is nice. We never do anything just the two of us.
Ok, you can do this. It's just like pulling off a Band-aid. Just do it really fast, and then the wound is exposed. 
Oh my god.  How many of those have you had?
Chandler, easy, easy. Go to your happy place. La la la la la la la.
 What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this. 
The exclamation point in the title scares me.  Y'know, it's not just Freud, it's Freud! 
Oh, oh, but y'know, you always see these really beautiful women with these really nothing guys, you could be one of those guys.
Based on this play? ...Based on this play! SCENE
 No, 'cause this line is passion, and this is... just a line.
Oh, yeah. That is not true. Ross, is this your fantasy?
 I can't believe you tried to move the green ottoman.
Yeah, you are, Monica. Remember when I lived with you? You were like, a little, y'know,  Ree! Ree! Ree! Ree!
No, I don't think this was your shot. I mean, I don't even think you just get one shot. I really believe big things are gonna happen for you, I do! You've gotta just keep thinking about the day that some kid is gonna run up to his friends and go 'I got the part! I got the part! I'm gonna be Joey Tribbiani's ass!'.
Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go.  OK, thank you very much.
Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma.  What's my number? 
 Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles. 
 New York City has no power, and the milk is getting sour. But to me it is not scary, 'cause I stay away from dairy.... la la la, la la, la la... 
This is so typical. I'm always the last one to know everything.
Yuh-huh! I was the last one to know when Chandler got bitten by the peacock at the zoo. I was the last one to know when you had a crush on Joey when he was moving in.  Looks like I was second to last.
Oh, poor little Tooty is scared to death. We should find his owner.
 Oh no, the Mendels, they hate all living things, right?
 He seems to hate you. Are you sure? Mr.
 Oooh! You are a very bad man! Mr.
Alright. I looked all over the building and I couldn't find the kitty anywhere.
Ah! Well! There you go! Last to know again! And I'm guessing... since nobody told me... this is Paolo.
I know, I just want to bite his bottom lip.  But I won't.
You know, did you ride mopeds? 'Cause I've heard... ... oh, I see... it's not about that right now. OK.
Oh, look look look. The last candle's about to burn out. 10, 9, 8, 7... ... negative 46, negative 47, negative 48.... 
Hm, I mean maybe no-one ever really goes. Ever since my mom died, every now and then, I get the feeling that she's like right here, y'know?  Oh! And Debbie, my best friend from junior high- got struck by lightning on a miniature golf course- I always get this really strong Debbie vibe whenever I use one of those little yellow pencils, y'know? ...I miss her.
Y'know, I dunno who this is, but it's not Debbie.  Scene
 Hi, sorry I'm late, I couldn't find my bearings.
Okay, don't worry, I'm just checking to see if the muscle's in spasm...huh.
Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
You know, the asthma guy was really cute.
Yes, and her boyfriend. But we're celebrating Thanksgiving in December 'cause he is lunar.
Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.
Oh, I'm sorry, oh, I just, I thought we could have them whipped and then add some peas and onions.
Well, 'cause then they'd be like my mom used to make them, you know, before she died.
Yeah, but did they have to shoot him down? I mean, that was just mean.
Ooh, ok, that's it. Enough with the keys. No one say keys. 
Ugly Naked Guy's taking his turkey out of the oven. Oh my god. He's not alone. Ugly Naked Guy's having Thanksgiving dinner with Ugly Naked Gal. 
Ooh, you guys have to make a wish.
Come on, you know, Thanksgiving. Ooh, you got the bigger half. What'd you wish for?
That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
So you guys, I'm doing all new material tonight. I have twelve new songs about my mother's suicide, and one about a snowman.
 Thanks, hi. Um, I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me this time of year. 
 ...My mother's ashes Even her eyelashes Are resting in a little yellow jar, And sometimes when it's breezy... 
 ...I feel a little sneezy And now I-  Excuse me, excuse me! Yeah, noisy boys!  Is it something that you would like to share with the entire group?
Well, c'mon, if it's important enough to discuss while I'm playing, then I assume it's important enough for everyone else to hear!
David's like, y'know, Scientist Guy. He's very methodical.
Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Well, he's kinda like the guy I went to see that with. Except, except he-he's smarter, and gentler, and sweeter... I just- I just wanna be with him all the time. Day and night, and night and day... and special occasions...
No, no, no, no, no, no. Yeah, could I just?
Um, were you planning on kissing me ever?
Oh, David, I, I think you are a sweeping sorta fella. I mean, you're a sweeper! ...trapped inside a physicist's body.
Oh, yeah, oh, I'm sure of it. You should just do it, just sweep and throw me.
Oh, hi Max! Hey, do you know everybody?
Um, well, Max told me about Minsk, so  congratulations! This is so exciting!
Oh, you are so going to Minsk. You belong in Minsk. You can't stay here just 'cause of me.
Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say  'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Ooh, sorry. Um, and, and then you put your arms around me. And then you put your arms around me.  And, um, and then you tell me that you love me and you'll never forget me.
And then you say that it's almost midnight and you have to go because you don't wanna start the new year with me if you can't finish it.  I'm gonna miss you. You scientist guy. Dick Clark
I dunno. I don't feel like kissing anyone tonight.
Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?
Just wanna check my horoscope, see if it was right.
I just wish there was something we could do.  Hello. Hello, Coma Guy. GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT! UP! UP! UP!
Yeah, but did you see the dents in his knuckles? That means he's artistic.
Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
What about Glen? He could be a Glen.
Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
No.  No! No! ...So, um, do you think he's doing any better than he was this morning?
Really? Not even to, um, change his PAJAMAS?!  
Okay, maybe it was a trick question.  Um, Rachel can we do this now?
Thanks. Hi, um, 'kay. I'd like to start with a song that's about a man that I recently met, who's, um, come to be very important to me.  'Kay.
Look at you! How, how do you feel? Coma
You know who shaved you? That was me.
Y'know what? We thought you were different. But I guess it was just the coma. 
Ooh, this is cool...it says in some parts of the world, people actually eat the placenta. 
Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?
Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
Um, that's really your decision, I mean, some people prefer, you know, to take off...oh whoops! You're being naked!
Nothing, I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm out of sorts.
Oh yeah, I'm sure.  And all of a sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. 
Oh, boy scouts could have camped under there.
Um, um, Rachel can we talk for a sec?
Ok, um,  we haven't known each other for that long a time, and, um, there are three things that you should know about me. One, my friends are the most important thing in my life, two, I never lie, and three, I make the best oatmeal raisin cookies in the world.  Rachel 
Oh, I don't make them a lot because I don't think it's fair to the other cookies
Ok, I've got milk  Here you go...  Oh!  Better?
I'm so embarrassed, I'm the one he hit on! 
I'm so sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry! No I'm sorry!
No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
 Oh! I know!  It's because... he's gorgeous, and he's charming, and when he looks at you...
I think she took it pretty well. You know Paolo's over there right now, so...we should get over there and see if she's okay. Monica 
Oh, honey, honey, tell them the story about your patient who thinks things are, like, other things. Y'know? Like, the phone rings and she takes a shower.
Thanks. Okay, now go away so we can talk about you.
I know, I know. So sweet... and so complicated. And for a shrink, he's not too shrinky, y'know?
Oh, I don't know, I don't know. I think that's a little weird, y'know? Vinyl.
Yeah, 'cause hello, these are not her boobies, these are her breasts.
Good. Oh oh! Roger's having a dinner thing and he wanted me to invite you guys. 
Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, don't you think, maybe, though, it's just that he's so perceptive that it freaks you out?
It's, I mean, it's nothing, I'm fine. It's my friends. They-they have a liking problem with you. In that, um, they don't.
But they don't see all the wonderfulness that I see. They don't see all the good stuff and all the sweet stuff. They just think you're a little...
You're not? See, that's why you're so great!
Oh, okay, except I broke up with Roger.
I don't know, I mean, he's a good person, and he can be really sweet, and in some ways I think he is so right for me, it's just... I hate that guy!  
'Cause he was creepy, and mean, and a little frightening... alright, still, it's nice to have a date on Valentine's Day!
I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.
Oh! You know my friend Abby who shaves her head? She said that if you want to break the bad boyfriend cycle, you can do like a cleansing ritual.
Yeah. So, we can do it tomorrow night, you guys. It's Valentine's Day. It's perfect.
Ok. We can, um, we can burn the stuff they gave us.
Or...or we can chant and dance around naked, you know, with sticks.
Ok, so now we need, um sage branches and the sacramental wine.
Um, that's ok!  Ok. All right. Now we need the semen of a righteous man.
Ok, and I have the, uh receipt for my dinner with Nokululu Oon Ah Ah.
Hey guys, guys! Chandler's coming and he says he has, like, this incredible news, so when he gets here, we could all act like, you know... 
Never mind. But it was going to be really good.
Oooh! I have something you can do! I have this new massage client... Steve?  Anyway, he's opening up a restaurant and he's looking for a head chef.
Hi!  Oh, yeah, no, I know. You're a chef. I know, and I thought of you first, but um, Chandler's the one who needs a job right now, so....
Well, he wants to do some ecclectic, so he's looking for someone who can, you know, create the entire menu.
Yeah, I know!  Well, what do you think?
Ooh! I know what you could make!  I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. 
That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
 Wow! It's huge! It's so much bigger than the cubicle. Oh, this is a cube.
 Mmmmmm! Everything smells so delicious! You know, I can't remember a time I smelt such a delicious combination of  of, OK, smells.
 In the cab, on the way over, Steve blazed up a doobie.
Smoked a joint? You know, lit a bone? Weed? Hemp? Ganja?
Yeah! You know all those yummy noises? I wasn't faking.
You guys wanna try and catch a late movie or something?
See, that just means it's working. Does this hurt? 
Hmmm? Uh, yeah. So, uh, is she fat?
It's mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know. Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it, later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new"?
Why? Why would you wanna do that? Why?
Well, I mean, I'm not my sister's, you know, whatever, and uh, I mean, it's true, we were one egg, once, but you know, we've grown apart. So, uh, I don't know. Why not?
Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
Oh, my first birthday present. Oh, this is really--
That you like. We get it. You like her. Great.
All right, well, maybe now it's not ok.
All right, could I just ask you one question? Have you two, you know...like, you know, you know, yet?
All right, so, can we turn this off? Just, just make it--make them go away? I can't, I can't look.
Yeah. Yeah. It's just, you know, it's this whole stupid Ursula thing.
Um, yeah. Look, I mean, I'm not saying she's like evil or anything. She just, you know, she's always breaking my stuff. When I was eight, and I wouldn't let her have my Judy Jetson thermos, so she threw it under the bus. Oh, and then there was Randy Brown, who was like, have you ever had a boyfriend who was like your best friend? Monica &
Well, but that's what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then broke his heart, and then he wouldn't even talk to me anymore. Because he said he didn't wanna be around anything that looked like either one of us. I mean, I know Joey is not my boyfriend, or my thermos, or anything, but--
Oh, oh, oh! This is so great! Oh my god! This was not at all scary. Hi everybody. Hi Betty! Betty, hi! You found Betty! Oh my god! This is great. Everybody I love is in the same room. Where's Joey?
Oh, no. Don't you just hate it when people aren't there for you?
Um, oh, I got you a birthday present.
I can't believe you did this. I can't believe you--did this. So, what's the deal with uh you and Joey?
Joey. You know, um, he's really nutsy about you.
Yeah, um, you know, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk.
That's right, I don't, but I was, I was drunk on you.
If it was, would you stop hanging out with her?
Um, then yes, 'cause of Phoebe. So, you know, it's either her or me.
You know, you're gonna be really, really hard to get over.
Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
OK, I just need two... the, um, ten of spades and the six of clubs.
A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
OK, Monica? I had another answer all ready.
Oh, hello, kettle? This is Monica. You're black.
Oh, it's like the mother ship is calling you home.
Ross, could we please, please, please listen to anything else?
Alright, here's my $7.50.  But I think you should know that this money is cursed.
Oh, I cursed it. So now bad things will happen to he who spends it.
 Hey you guys, look, the one-eyed jack follows me wherever I go.  Right, OK, serious poker. 
You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Plus that shirt doesn't really match those pants. 
Y'know, there's gonna be lots of other stuff.
I-I'm sorry it wasn't one of those movies with, like, y'know, guns and bombs and, like, buses going really fast...
Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?
No, which one? The right or left? 'Cause the left one is lucky...
Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall? Mr.
Oh, is that who the monkey's named after?
Oh my God. You'd put that poor little creature in jail?
Something just brushed up against my right leg!
Oh, it's okay, it was just my left leg. 
Oh, this is so intense. One side of my butt is totally asleep, and the other side has no idea. 
How can people do that?...  Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots! OPENING TITLES SCENE
Oh, God, just do it!  Call her! Stop being so testosteroney!
No, no actually, he's smiling.. and... Oh my God, don't do that!!
That man across the street just kicked that pigeon!  Oh!
Oh my God!  Go away!  Stop looking in here!
Y'know, if you want, you can call her machine, and if she has a lot of beeps, that means she probably didn't get her messages yet.
Oh! The yuk! Ross, he's doing it again! 
This is madness. It's madness, I tell you, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, Monica, DON'T DO IT!! ...Thank you. 
I think she means  'You dance a dance class'. Oh, c'mon, c'mon. 
Okay. And, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. I'm with Rachel.
Hey. We found her, we found the girl.
Popes in a Volkswagen! ...I love that joke. 
Okay. Goodbye, little monkey guy. Alright, I wrote you this poem. Okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the 'plane.
 Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Just for some short-term-work. You know, until I get back some of my massage clients.
No, nothing like that. I was just...such a dummie. I taught this "massage-yourself-at-home-workshop". And they are.
What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
 Mr. Bing?s office. No I?m sorry, he?s in a meeting right now.
Will he know what this is in reference to? And he has your number? All right, I?ll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?
Most likely.  Okay, I?m gonna be out there.
No, I didn?t tell anybody that I knew you.
Oh, because, you know... they don?t like you.
Don?t feel bad. You know they used to like you a lot. But then you got promoted, and, you know, now you?re like "Mr. Boss Man". You know, Mr. Bing. Mr. Bing, "Boss Man Bing". 
You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?' 
That is so sweet, you guys.   Ross, Rachel &
Ooh, oh, I?ve gotta go.  Whoa, oh, head rush. One more, and then I have to go.  Cool!
Um, oh, I?ve got a birthday party, with some work people.
No, I know. That?s a part of the whole, you know, them-not-liking-you-extravagance.
Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
Oh, but, could we not go together? I,I don?t wanna be the geek that invited the boss.
You were great. But they still made fun of you.
You know, now you?re more like, you know like, "Mr. Caring Boss", "Mr.", you know, "I?m one of you, Boss", "Mr., I wanna be your buddy, Boss Man Bing"
Well, you know what Chandler? I think you?ve gotta face it. You?re like, the guy in the big office, you know. You?re the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you?re a great boss.
Uh huh. But they?re not your friends anymore.
Did I miss it, did I miss it?
I just thought we might be here for awhile. You know, things might get musical. 
 They're tiny and chubby and so sweet to touch, and soon they'll grow up and resent you so much. Now they're yelling at you and you don't know why, you cry and you cry and you cry. And you cry and you cry and you cry... 
Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Hey, hey, ok, all right, that's it! Get in here. Come on. My god, you guys, I don't believe you. There are children coming into the world in this very building and your negative fighting noises are not the first thing they should be hearing. So just stop all the yelling, just stop it!
Don't make me do this again, I don't like my voice like this. 
Ok, who wants to hear something ironic? Commercial Break
 They found their bodies the very next day, they found their bodies the very next... la la la la la la.
I mean, well, 'cause when I was growing up, you know my dad left, and my mother died, and my stepfather went to jail, so I barely had enough pieces of parents to make one whole one. And here's this little baby who has like three whole parents who care about it so much that they're fighting over who gets to love it the most. And it's not even born yet. It's just, it's just the luckiest baby in the whole world.  I'm sorry, you were fighting.
 Hi, I'm Ben. I'm hospital worker Ben. It's Ben... to the rescue!
Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent. 
Oh, look, look, he's closing his eyes.  Look, he's opening his eyes. 
Wow, ooh, you're gonna be making money hand over fist! Credits
We've got the ground-up flesh of formerly cute cows and turkeys, ew...  
So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your  special someone?
How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
Hi, Ben. I'm your father. I am... the head. Aaaaaahhhh....  Alright, this barbecue is gonna be very fun.
Oh, well, see, there's this guy she met at the--
So you do know who he is!  Sorry.
Oh, hey, y'know what? Tell them that bone story. 
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Nuh-uh. I don't think any of our lives are ever gonna be the same ever again.
Yeah, but, y'know, it's... it would be like starting on the fifteenth date.
No, I mean, I mean, when you're at the fifteenth date, y'know, you're already in a very relationshippy place. Y'know, it's... you're committed.
Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
Oh my god. This is huge. This is bigger than huge. This is like, all right, what's bigger than huge?
'Cause, you know, if you don't look good, we don't look good. I love that voice.
Oh, ok. How, it's been so long since you've had sex, you're wondering if they've changed it?
Because, I'm just, I'm incredibly anal and an unbelievable control freak.
I know I'm not, but you are, and I was trying to spare your feelings. Phone rings
Ok, you're gonna have to not touch my ass.
All right. Ok, but, but you have to promise that you will not be all like control-y and bossy and Monica about it.
All right. Now some of you are gonna get cut, and some of you aren't. But I promise none of you are gonna feel a thing.
Yeah, but this isn't the face of a person who trusts a person. Ok, this is the face of a person who, you know, doesn't trust a person.
Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
Well, he was a he in Arthur, and in Ten.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Which one's Demi Moore?
It's too soon to tell. She's resting, which is a good sign.
I'm not gonna lie to you, Ross, it doesn't look good. I put a clip on one side, which seems to have stopped the curling.
Your hair looks too good, I think it would upset her. Ross, you come on in.
Ok, I just wanna be really sure this time. Andy McDowell's the girl from Four Weddings and a Funeral, right?
Oh, look at these! Hey, Ben. Just do it. Oh my god, oh, ok, was that too much pressure for him?
I can't, I have to take my grandmother to the vet.
Monica, she will kill you. She will kill you like a dog in the street.
I went shopping with Monica all day, and I had a salad.
Um, we went shopping for um, for, fur.
Yes, and then I realized I'm against that, and uh, so then we bought some, uh, boobs.
Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok.
Not even if you just pretend that it's milk?
Oh, I tasted Ben's milk, and Ross freaked out.
You guys, um I know that this really doesn't have anything to do with me, but um I love you guys too. Oh, I really needed that.
You name one woman that you broke up with for a real reason.
Ok, it's very faint, but I can still sense him in the building. Go into the light, Mr. Heckles!
I'm sorry, but sometimes they need help. That's fine. Go ahead and scoff. You know, there're a lot of things that I don't believe in, but that doesn't mean they're not true.
Like crop circles, or the Bermuda triangle, or evolution?
I don't know, it's just, you know...monkeys, Darwin, you know, it's a, it's a nice story, I just think it's a little too easy.
Well, it's not so much that you know, like I don't believe in it, you know, it's just...I don't know, lately I get the feeling that I'm not so much being pulled down as I am being pushed. 
Huh. So now, the real question is, who put those fossils there, and why?
Maybe the overlords needed them to steer their spacecrafts.
Look, can't we just say that you believe in something, and I don't.
What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
Ok, look, before you even start, I'm not denying evolution, ok, I'm just saying that it's one of the possibilities.
Ok, Ross, could you just open your mind like this much, ok? Wasn't there a time when the brightest minds in the world believed that the world was flat? And, up until like what, 50 years ago, you all thought the atom was the smallest thing, until you split it open, and this like, whole mess of crap came out. Now, are you telling me that you are so unbelievably arrogant that you can't admit that there's a teeny tiny possibility that you could be wrong about this?
You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
Ok, I didn't see it, because I was putting on my jacket, but I uh want to believe you.
Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
Um, is, is there any chance that you're rounding up? You know, like from, like 20?
Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
Yes, yes, and it's, and we always have to go to, you know, someplace nice, you know? God, and it's not like we can say anything about it, 'cause, like this birthday thing, it's for Ross.
Um, I'm gonna have a cup of the cucumber soup, and, um, take care.
No, huh uh, no way, I'm sorry, not gonna happen.
I'm sorry, Monica, I'm really happy you got promoted, but cold cucumber mush for thirty-something bucks? No! Rachel just had that, that, that salad, and, and Joey with his like teeny pizza! It's just...
No, now I feel bad. You wanna go to the concert.
I'm just gonna pass on the concert, 'cause I'm just not in a very Hootie place right now.
Oh, well, then you'll have extra seats, you know, for all your tiaras and stuff.
We just have to really, really, really, not let stuff like money get--is that a hickey?
Oh! I can't believe it. I can't believe this. We're just like, sitting at home, trying to guess Joey's fingers, and you guys are out like partying and having fun, and you know, all, "hey, Blowfish, suck on my neck".
No, you are not, you are very attractive. You know what, I go through the exact same thing. Every time I put on a little weight, I start questioning everyting.
Your boobs are fine. Look, I never should have said anything. Come here. Come here.  Oh, can't make.... hands... meet.... OPENING TITLES
Oh, um, it was nice. Took him to a romantic restraunt, ordered champagne, nice.
Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
Oohh, um, no, I don't think that's the problem. 'Cause we went, um, dancing the other night and the way he held me so close, and the way he was looking into my eyes I just like... definitely felt something.
No, I felt it on my hip. You could tell. 
Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.
Really? That's so sweet. I mean, I'm officially offended but, sweet.
You're right, you're right. Ah, you are so yumm.  
How come you're watching a rabbi play electric guitar?
So, Scott asked me to come over for lunch today and I did.
Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
Yeah, so I said, "OK, relax please," y'know, I mean, sex can be just about two people right there in the moment, y'know, it's, if he wants to see me again he can call and if not, that's fine too. So after a looooot of talking... I convinced him.
Ok, all right. We want to hear everything. Monica, get the wine and unplug the phone. Rachel, does this end well or do we need to get tissues?
Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
Ok, so, ok, was he holding you? Or was his hand like on your back?
Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
Hey, oh, so, um...how'd you make out last night?
Ok, um, hi, hello, hi, ok, so, um, this is a song about a love triangle between three people that I made up. Um, it's called, um, "Two of Them Kissed Last Night". 
 There was a girl, we'll call her Betty, and a guy let's call him Neil. Now I can't stress this point too strongly, this story isn't real. Now our Neil must decide, who will be the girl that he casts aside. Will Betty be the one who he loves truly? Or will it be the one who we'll call Ju...Loolie? He must decide, he must decide, even though I made him up, he must decide!
No offense, but that sounds nothing like her.
Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.
Yeah, by the way, good luck in your next life as a dung beetle.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Ugly Naked Guy is decorating his tree. Oh my God, you should see the size of his Christmas Balls. 
I can see that. A plate of brownies once told me a limerick.
Not especially. But you know what, I think they had pot in them.
Happy Christmas Eve Eve.  Oh my God, where did you get this?
This is my father, this is a picture of my dad.
No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
No, that's my stepdad. My real dad's the one that ran out on us before I was born.
 OK, look, see, this is him. My mother gave me this picture before she died, same guy.
It's not a blue screen... it's just, maybe it was just really clear that day. OK, I have to talk to my grandmother. 
Um, gram, um, can I see the pictures of my dad again?
OK, I smell smoke. Maybe that's 'cause someone's pants are on fire.
Ya know, in all the years that we have been grandmother and granddaughter, you have never lied to me.
Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?
Yeah, um, in Albany, can I have the number of Frank Buffay. . . OK, um, in Ithica. . . alright, um, Saratoga. . . Oneonta. Alright, you know what, you shouldn't call youself information.  
Hello grandma, if that is in fact your real name.
Well, not so good. Upstate's pretty big, he's pretty small, you do the math.
No I just, just wanted to know who he was, ya know.
Uh-huh, got it. Ooh, I'm gonna see my dad. Wish me luck, Grandpa!  Commercial
Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.
Oh, no no, that side doesn't have one, the paramedics had to cut through it. 
Wow, this is it, I'm gonna meet my dad. This is like the biggest thing ever, huh.
OK, here I go. . . here I go. . . I'm goin'. 
No, it's just like, ya know, it's a whole mess of stuff, ya know. It's like, yesterday, ya know, my dad was this, like, famous Burma tree surgeon guy and, ya know, now he's a, a pharmacist guy and. . .
Yeah, maybe, yeah. You know, and, and I'll knock on the door and, and he'll hug me and I'll have a dad. Ya know and I'll, I'll go to his pharmacy and everyone will be really nice to me 'cause, you know, I'm Franks daughter.
Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
Yeah, yeah, no it's OK 'cause, I mean, I know he's there, so, that's enough for now.
Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
Although, you know what? You might want to consider wearing underwear next time. Yeah, cause when you sat down on your throne you could kind of see your... royal subject.
OK.  The only thing worse than the mindless, adolescent direction...
Oh, we were just trying to make Joey feel better. Fun
Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.
Alright, don't say that. He's probably always been dull. You just, you know, set it free. 
OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?
Well, yeah, but... no. I mean, umm... doesn't.... doesn't Russ just remind you of someone?
 Oh, yeah! No, no, no, no, oh, oh. 
You don't see it? You actually don't see it?
Oh I do, it's.... it's Bob Saget. She hates him.
Um, no, huh-uh. One of my clients died on the massage table today.
Yeah, um, she was 82 years old. Her name was um, Mrs. Adelman.
Yeah, it's just so strange. I mean, she probably woke up today and thought, "ok, I'll have some breakfast, and then I'll take a little walk, and then I'll have my massage." Little did she know God was thinking, "Ok, but that's it." Oh, but the weirdest thing was, ok, I was cleansing her aura when she died, and when the spirit left her body, I don't think it went very far.
 Talk about crap. Try listening to Stella Niedman tell the story of her and Rod Steiger for the hundredth time.
I don't know. I mean, she obviously has some kind of unfinished business.  Sit up! Mrs.
I know who it is you remind me of. Evelyn Dermer. 'Course, that's before she got the lousy face lift. Now she looks like Soupy Sales.
 In my day, divorce was not an option.
Yes, hi, Mr. Adelman. Thanks for meeting me. Mr.
I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me. Mr.
Yeah. Ok, you don't have to believe me but um, can you think of any unfinished business she might have had, like any reason she'd be hanging around? Mr.
I'm sorry, there's laughing in my head. Mr.
 Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
Yeah. I guess she hasn't seen everything yet. I'll be right back, she has to go to the bathroom again.  Oh, such a pretty face. Mrs.
Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out.
 Butterscotch? No one? All right, you'll be sorry later. 
 Oh my god. Now I've seen everything!  Whoa, she's gone. She's gone. She's gone! Go ahead, get married. Go, go. 
I know it's kind of weird, but I mean, she was a big part of my life there, you know, and now I just feel kind of alone.
I can see that, 'cause they both have those big brown eyes and, ya know, the little pouty chin.
Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?
Oh, oh, OK, so everyone, pretend like I'm telling you a story, OK. And, and it's really funny. So everyone just laugh, now. 
Oh, I would love to have kids. . . you're, you're the, you're, me play the songs that I will write for them.
No, uh-uh, I'm just, I'm nervous. So, you know what, maybe if I just, if I picture them all in their underwear.
I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
OK.  OK, alrighty, let's play some tunes. Hi everybody, I'm Phoebe
OK, um, I'm gonna play, um, some songs about grandparents, OK.  Now, grandma's a person who everyone likes, she bought you a train and a bright, shiny bike. But lately she hasn't been coming to dinner, And last time you saw her she looked so much thinner. Now, your mom and your dad said she moved to Peru, but the truth is she died and some day you will too. La-la-la la la-la-la la la-la-la la...
 There'll be times when you get older when you'll want to sleep with people just to make them like you. . . But don't. Cause that's another thing that you don't wanna do, everybody That's another thing that you don't wanna do.
Thank you for coming everybody. There're cookies in the back.
I sense these things. It was either but or butter.
Today we're gonna start with some songs about barnyard animals. Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo, Oh, the cow in the meadow goes moo. Then the farmer hits him on the head and grinds him up, And that's how we get hamburgers. Nooowww, chickens!
I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur?
OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme. 
Well you know, you juist, you eat them and you can tell.
OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first.
Alright Monica, if there is something that you would like to share...
OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.  Monica and
Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place? 
Yes that's right. But still, I-, look at your purse, look at your sweater, look at yourselves.
I'm almost done with it, keep your panties on. 
You know, I think I want to write a song about all this.
Yeah. Oh, except one of the strings on my guitar is broken. Hey, Chandler, can I borrow your G-string?
Oh, some guy she met at the movies.
C'mon you guys. It's a known fact that lobsters fall in love and mate for life. You know what, you can actually see old lobster couples walkin' around their tank, ya know, holding claws like. . . 
OK. Ooh, OK, you gotta give me a second, I wanna get this just right.  Dude, 11 o'clock, totally hot babe checkin' you out. That was really good, I think I'm ready for my penis now.
Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
Hey now you have two.  Oh, now you have two.
I can't believe two cows made the ultimate sacrifice so you guys could watch TV with your feet up.
OK, I can be a waitress, I can be a waitress.
I can be a waitress. OK watch this. Um, gimme two number ones, 86 the bacon, one Adam and Eve on a raft and rick'em, la-la-la-la-la, la-la-la-la-la.
 That's funny, no. Cadillac, cataract, I get it, no I get it, you stay out there. Dr.
Oh, you are so much the smitten kitten. You should ask him out.
So. You two are totally into each other.
OK, so what, you're just never gonna see him again?
Didn't you like, just get your eyes checked?
We have got to get you lazy boys out of these chairs. Chandler and
You know you should go outside and be with the three-dimensional people.
You guys are so pathetic, I, oh, OH, XANADU! OH.
You're not the only one who has a date tonight.
Ooh, look at you fancy lads. What's the occasion?
Um, I'm getting a lily for my Mom. 'Cause her name's Lily.
Um, a chip. A tattoo, I'm getting a tattoo.
OK Rach, which, which lily? This lily or that lily?
I like this lily. It's more open, ya know, and that's like my mom. She had a more open, giving spirit. Ooh, Foghorn Leghorn, ooh. Tattoo
What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said?
I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
OK, hey, HEY. Is your boyfriend the boss of you?
No. You are the boss of you. Now you march your heinie in there and get that heart tattooed on your hip. GO!!
Oh that looks so good, oh I love it.
Oh OK.  Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.
I know, I know, and I was gonna get it but then he came in with this needle and uh, di-, did you know they do this with needles?
OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
I know you're just moving uptown but I'm really gonna miss you.
Yeah, well me too, yeah. I think that's the challenge.
So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. You are not gonna believe this. I have just been discovered.
Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
OK. I just met this producer of this like, teeny record company, who said that I have a very fresh, offbeat sound and she wants to do a demo of Smelly Cat.
I told you not to do that yet. And, she wants to do a video.
I'm not done yet, OK. God. OK, if that goes well, they may even want to make an album. 
Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?
OK.  Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat  Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?
OH!! Oh I thought they were just watching me. You know, like at, like at an aquarium, ya know.
OK.  Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat  OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets howsmelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
Oh OK. So, um, the cat stinks but you love it, let's go.
Oh, check it out, oh check it out. It's Smelly Cat the video.
Now OK, I haven't seen it yet so, if you don't like it, well, so what, none of you ever made a video.  OK. 
I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
Oh, I am sorry but I am incredibly talented.
Listen. You are not going to believe this but, that is not me singing on the video.
Well, OK, the record company sent over this piece of paper for me to sign, saying that it's OK for someone else to sing for me. That was my first clue.
Well, I can't work with people who would do this.
The voice woman. Ya know, I mean, she has a great voice but she doesn't have a video.
Well I have a video, you have to pay attention. No this, this voice woman, she's so talented but, according to the producer people, they said she doesn't have like the right look or something, ya know. I mean, it's like, she's like one of those animals at the pound who like nobody wants 'cause they're not pretty enough or you know. Like, like some old dog who's just kind of like stinky and. Huuuuh, oh my God, she's smelly cat. Oh, oh that song has so many levels.
 Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.
No. This game is grotesque. Twenty armless guys joined at the waist by a steel bar, forced to play soccer forever. Ahh, hello, human-rights violation.
Uh oh, ooh, are we not getting along with the new boy?
Maybe that's because you haven't taken the time to get to know him. Let's remedy that, shall we?
Hi, um, I just thought that it would be fun if the three of us had some beers and got to know each other.
Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
Oh, this is so nice. Alright I have to make a speech. I just wanna say that of all the guys that Monica has been with, and that is a lot, I like you the best.
Oh, ooh, Soap Opera Digest, oh that's one of my favorite digests.
Ok, ok, ok. Ooh, hey 'new doc on the block, Days of Our Lives' Joey Tribbiani.' Ooh, cool picture.
Hey is this true, that you write a lot of your own lines?
Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
Listen, sorry about your death, that really sucks.
But Joey, you're gonna be fine. You don't need that show, it was just a dumb soap opera.
Yes, I was going to incorporate that. Oh good, here's Monica, she'll have something nice to say.
Oooh, so so so, did you read the book?
Yeah and oh, and but there's, there's wind and the wind can make us Goddesses. But you know who takes out wind? Men, they just take it.
Ya-huh, all the time, cause they are the lightning bearers.
Oh yes, no, Richard would never steal your wind.
Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
Ok, this is a typical lightning-bearer thing. Right there, it's like, um, 'Hello, who wants one of my fallic shaped man cakes?'
I don't think it would have sold a million copies but it would have made a nice gift for you.
Ok, question number 28, have you ever allowed a lighning bearer to take your wind? I would have to say no.
Yeah ok, well at least I didn't let some guy into the forest of my righteous truth on the first date.
Listen to you two. It's so sad. Looks like I'm gonna be going to the goddess meetings alone.
I love you goddesses. I don't ever want to suck your wind again.
Is anyone else starting to really like him?
Uh, see I think the one that Elton John wrote for, um, that guy on "Who's The Boss?"
Oh my god, has she slept at all?
Oh, okay, that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning. And all I could hear was like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought, "Oh. Okay. So it's like a mouse or a possum." Then I realized, like, okay, where would a mouse or a possum get the money to make the phone call?
Eww! It looks like a tiny little person drowning in your cereal. 
Oh yeah, Princess Leia and the gold bikini. Every guy our age loved that.
Mmm hmm. It's huge. Yeah, that's the moment when she stopped being a princess and she became like, you know, a woman.
No. It's just that I got this new pager and I have it on vibrate. 
Rach! Look!  Ooh. Hi. Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me?  There he is. 
Relax every muscle in your body. Listen to the plinky-plunky music. Okay, now close your eyes. And think of a happy place. Tell me your happy place.
No. No. Not a Richard thing. Just put down the glass, and get out.
Well, okay, fine. Use my happy place, okay. I'm just gonna have to ask that you don't move anything.
Alright. So, you're in a meadow. Millions of stars in the sky.
Okay, there are no questions in the happy place. Okay, just the warm breeze and the moonlight flowing through the tree.
Betting and wagering of any kind are, I'm sure, not permitted in the happy place. Okay. Just the lovely waterfalls, and the trickling fountains, and the calming sounds of the babbling brook...
Monica, do you want us to take you home?
We could not, would not, want to wait.
I don't know. You might be the first one.
Monica! Monica! You know, what gets out hummus?
How could it not be breezy? You know, cause you're in such a breezy place.
 Oh, Rach. Good, listen, isn't this perfect for me?
Rachel didn't have anything that I liked, so, but she had this Christmas ribbon, and I thought, "alright, fine, I'll be political."
Okay. The black. Oh, but do you have black with little strappies?
I'll get it. Okay.  Hi. Monica and Rachel's.  Yeah. Just a second. Can I ask who's calling?  Oh.  Ooh. It's Michelle. Ooh. She must have that Caller ID thing? You should get that.
Eww. Let me get you another glass. This one's been sitting out.
Ross went to get a cab, so we could all...what are you doing? No, Monica, no!  Richard 
I think after this, he'll be doing that himself. 
Yeah, I can't say croissant.  Oh my God!
Ugh! I don't know Monica. It feels funny just being here. I mean if you buy a bed from Janice's ex-husband, that's like betraying Chandler.
  Hi. Y'know in England this car would be on the other side of the store.  Woo!
Eh, Monica it, it feels so weird, y'know, Chandler's your friend...  Oh! Oh my God! Aw, all right take this bed, you can make other friends. 
Oh, do I have a middle name. All right Monica Velula Geller. It's that bedroom there. 
Yeah, so please, please, please, don't say anything to Chandler.
Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on. 
Yeah, well I had to learn, I was staying at the Y and some off the young men weren't acting Christian enough.
Wow! And I'm a vegetarian! All right, all right, well I'm sorry, we'll put some ice on it.
Oh, it's the compulsively neat one by the window, okay.
I'm, I'm freaking out! Monica kinda trusted me with something and she shouldn't have! All right, I haven't lived here in a while, so I have to ask you something. Does Monica still turn on the lights in her bedroom?
I know, you must've won like a contest or something! 
I'm sorry, okay, I-I wasn't looking, and the store says that they won't take it back because you signed for it...
When I was you! Y'know what, it's all Joey's fault, 'cause he left his nose open!
So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
Well, if you really, really want it, then it's okay. 
"Yes! You mean the world the world to me. Oh."
Wow, I have the spirit of an old Indian women living in mine.
The mailman was downstairs, so I brought up your mail.
Oh, it's incredible! I so want to be a Waxine girl.
God. Do think it really doesn't hurt? 'Cause how can they do that?
 After applying the Waxine and linen strips to leg number one,
Grasp one of the linen strips by its 'easy grab tab' and pull it off in one quick pain free motion.
Huh, well, the girls in the satin nighties on the commercial don't seem to think it's that bad.
For your information, this happens to be a pain like no man will ever experience.
Oh, I knew something had to be wrong, because my fingernails did not grow at all yesterday.
Hi, it's Phoebe. Listen someone's gonna have to take my
I-I mean I, well I think I can figure it out. I guess y'know I was born, and everyone started lying their asses off! Phoebe
I don?t even know how that would work! Phoebe
Yeah. Let?s see, my had Mom killed herself, and my Dad had run off, and I was living in a Gremlin with a guy named Cindy who talked to his hand. Phoebe
Yeah, well, everybody does! I?m a really cool person. And y'know you had 29 years to find that out, but you didn?t even try! Y'know what, you walked out on me, and I?m just, I?m gonna do the same thing to you. Phoebe
I don?t ever want to see you again! 
Well, umm, my Mom?s friend, Phoebe, is actually my birth Mom. 
Oh, my new Mom, who-who?s a big, fat abandoner! 
No. I?m just, I wanna, I need to be alone. 
Well, I?m ready to get the hell out of here!  Oh. Are you? Are you?!!  Ohh! That?s so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie.  But for you, yay! Ohh. 
Okay, I?m gonna put this  in the car.
Okay, well umm, I know that we haven?t talked in a long time, but umm okay, our Mom is not our birth Mom. This-this other lady is our birth Mom.
There-there was a suicide note?!  Well, do you still have it?
I can?t believe you didn?t tell me there was a suicide note!
 ?Good-bye Phoebe and Ursula. I?ll miss you. P.S. Your Mom lives in Montauk.? You just wrote this!
 ?...fuchsia and mauvvve. Those are the 66 colours of my bedroommmm.?  Thank you, thank you. Ohh, and I invite you to count the colours in your bedroom.  Except for you. You go away. Phoebe
But, it?s not like we?re losing anything. Y'know? Phoebe
It?s not like we-we know each other or anything. Or that have anything in common. Phoebe
Uh-huh, well! But umm, still I?m-I?m mad at you. Phoebe
Well umm, do you wanna get something to eat? I?m kinda hungry. Phoebe
All right, stop it. Now you?re just doing it to freak me out.
Oh my God, you guys are selling the entertainment center?
Oh my God! No! Shoo! Kitty! No! No-no-no! Shoo! Come on, you!  Come on. Crazy.  Oh my God.
I just, I just have this really strong feeling that this cat is my Mother.
No, no-no, she was a human lady. This is the spirit of my Mom Lily, the one who killed herself.
No Dr. Skeptismo! I?m sure. First of all, okay, there?s the feeling.  Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt.  My Mother?s favourite fish is Orange Roughy...  Cats....like....fish!   Hi, Mommy.  Oh, I haven?t seen this smile in 17 years!
 Stop it! Stop it! She keeps squirming, trying to get away! Just like when she was alive.
Well, I?m not sure. I mean, I guess until she y'know, gets used to the fact that there?s y'know, a new mom. Y'know, I think she?s worried that y'know, she?s gonna, she?s gonna be replaced.  Well, that?s not gonna happen is it? Noo.  Okay, I have to return a call in the other room.
Well, I?m returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H. I just spelled the wrong word. 
So great. Oh, we took a nap today and my Mom fell asleep on my tummy and purred.
Ohh. Um-hmm. But y'know, she choose to find me. I mean, I have to respect her decision. Right? Chandler, Monica, Joey, and
Okay, then you don?t know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I?m wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Yeah, okay, listen, umm, Mom, I hope you know you still mean a lot to me. And you?re welcome to come back anytime.
Wow! And hey, it?s cool if you?re a lesbian! 
Oh, no, I meant that it?s weird that you only have nine now.
Okay, don?t panic. I?m gonna go to the store, I?m gonna get you another set of nails, no one?s gonna know, and you?re gonna look great.  Oh! Oh, it?s ?cause they?re gonna eat?that?s the problem. Mrs.
And! Whoever finds it wins the prize! Mrs.
This used to be your room?  Wow! You must?ve been in really good shape as a kid.
Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.
No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we?ll call that pulling a Monica.
Okay, umm, if a kid gets straight A?s, his parents would say, "Yeah, he pulled a Monica." Y'know? Or a fireman saves a baby, and they go, "Yeah I know, he pulled a Monica." Or someone hits a homerun and the announcer says, "Yeah, that one?s outta here." Though some things don?t change.
It?s hard to believe that just a little while ago this was nothing but ingredients. Mrs.
Umm, you might even say that she pulled a Monica.   She doesn?t know we switched it.  Mrs.
Oh God, Korea is such a beautiful country.
Oh please, somebody tell me I don?t have to go to work today!
Oh, my first massage today is this incredibly gorgeous guy, and every time I see him I just want to do things to him that I?m not allowed to charge for.
Oh no, it is forbidden! No-no, Mrs. Potter fires people for fooling around with clients. And it?s against my oath as a masseuse.
No, I made myself take an oath. Yeah, no fooling around with clients and umm, always be prepared. Yeah, that one?s actually from the Boy Scouts, but it just makes good sense.
No, I can handle it. No, I?m a professional. 
Because it?s Arabian princess day at work! Okay?! Leave me alone! 
You mean the?Okay by siadic, you mean the towel covered portion.
Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y?know, real  nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
Ohh, you guys, remember that cute client I told you about? I bit him.
No, I know! I-I?m sorry, but the moment I touch him, I just wanna throw out my old oath and take a new, dirty one.
 Okay, baseball. Rick, playing baseball. Okay, slides into second, maybe even his pants come down a little? Oh no?wait no, no! No! Okay, all right, sandwiches, sandwiches. Umm, okay, on a plate, maybe Rick?s pants come down a little. No! No! Okay, Chandler! Okay Chandler, ooh, that?s working. 
 Chandler?s knees. Chandler?s? ankles. Chandler?s ankle hair.  Oh no.  Okay, you?re all set.
Ugh, okay, I have an enormous crush on you. But because you?re a client, I can?t ask you out, even though you give me y?know, the feeling.
Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn?t what it looks like, ?cause Rick is my ahh, husband. Mrs.
Hey! So I had a great day, Rick and I really hit it off, and we started making out, and then my boss walked in and fired me for being a whore.
It?s so weird, I have never been fired from anything before!
I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y?know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It?s been a really bad day, whore wise.  Mr.
 But I'm unemployed, my music is all I really have now. Well music, and making my own shoes.  Pretty, huh? 
Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People.  Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you?  This chick sounds good.  Smelly cat, smelly-- Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
 My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey.
It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. 
Well, I think it's great that the medical community is finally trying to help sick hamsters.
So, I need to write some depressing stuff to go along with my new floozy voice, but nothing that sad has ever really happened to me.
Uh-huh. Oh, yeah, I could write about the time my hair did that "Woo-hoo" thing.
Yeah, I should go to, `cause I'm playing in one hour. Hey,  you guys should come hear me, ooh hear me. Ooh,  My sticky shoes--eww! Eww! I lost my sexy phlegm!
Okay, I wanna be sexy again so I'm trying to catch a cold. It should be easy, supposedly they're pretty common.
Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
You mean you stole it!  Don't cover your mouth when you do that! 
 Hi! It's me. And soup.  Hey, I just saw Josh, he looks so yummy in your leather jacket.
 Here, now I don't eat chicken, so it's just noodle soup. And there's no chicken in the broth either, so it's really just... noodle water.
But, I need your germs! I want my cold back! I miss my sexy voice.
 Platting goats are platting. Platting down the street. Platting goats are platting, leaving little treats.  Does it even work without my sexy voice?
 And I'm still waiting for my paper mache man. Thank you my babies. 
Yeah, but remember you said you ordered something special, and it just hasn't come yet?
Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!"
It's gotta be better than that book. Oo! Like a crossbow!
Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican...  ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not?
There you go, that's the spirit! Okay! Now, if you need money, I will lend you money, but just get moving!
Okay! It's worth it, if it will get you moving. You haven't worked in months.
Fine. But you can't help me develop my new universal language. 
Oh. Okay. Oo, sorry I acted like a bank.
Oh, all right. Oh! Look what we almost took! 
But Mon, you have to get our money!
I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was?
Pay the caterer! Look, I've had a lot of jobs, okay, and there are some people who just always try to get out of paying. It's either, you know, "that massage wasn't long enough, or, "I don't recognize any of those songs," or, you know, "these sombreros aren't big enough. Bad little white girl!"
Well, it seems like there weren't any tears 'til you showed her the bill.
No! Hey, we're not leaving until we get paid! I don't know who she thinks she is! Enough is enough!  Hey, widow? Mrs.
Excuse me. Excuse me!  Thanks. Um, clearly this is a very, very hard time for you. Um, but, um, we provided a service, and we deserve to be paid because you ate that service, and, um, we are not leaving here until we're paid every penny. 'Cause you know what, lady? We're part time caterers, and we have no place else to go. Mrs.
Yeah. Hard Ass and Wuss. We could fight crime!
Yeah. Oh! It'll be like I have a wife in the fifties!
Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
 "Little, tiny Tarzan, swinging on a nose hair. Swinging with the greatest of ease?" Darn it! Now, I don?t know who to get to the next verse.
Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about ?bah-bah-bha-bhan??
Come on, play that funky music white boy.
What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it?s just, it?s so different from the stuff you usually hear.
 It?s so inspired! Look at him! Look at him go! 
I can?t follow Ross! It?d be like those bicycle ridding chimps that followed The Beetles. No.
Oh my God, he?s not even appreciated in his own time. I would give anything to not be appreciated in my own time! 
Hey! You were really great! You were really, really great!
Yeah, I-I can?t?I mean y?know I was trying to be really y'know okay and upbeat about it, I just?I feel so dwarfed by your musical gift. I?
Oh no. No-no-no, don?t do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Yeah! No, that?s right. And I thought it was a really good idea.
Oh my God, he?s lost it. He?s totally lost it.
After that? Yeah! No, I mean if I can help. 
Speaking of Christmas, umm since Monica and I are starting a new business and have like no money, umm, this year maybe we could do secret Santa, and then we each only buy one gift. And-and there?s the added mystery of who gets who.
I picked her! Oh thank God you want her! Ooh!
Because she exchanges every gift she ever gets, it?s like impossible to get her something she likes. Come on, let?s trade!
You don?t have to do that, Ross and Joey aren?t here, you can watch the parade if you want.
Honey, you?ve got to go. What?s his office number?
 Hi! Yeah, I?m calling on behalf of Monica Geller?s eye, and is um, is Richard Burke in today.   He?s out of town, but does she want to see the on-call doctor?
This is so cool, ?til Monica gets back, it?s like I?m head chef and I get to make all the decisions. 
All right I? I gotta call my mom and ask her a left handed cooking question.
Yeah, I can see where I?d be your best shot but, no. I?m sorry, but I think it?s twisted.
Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That?s not how your dad used to do it."
He?s just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
No, we?re gonna paint over the sword, and replace it with a baguette.
And also, we don?t know what to do with this. 
How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Oh, in that case??Yay!  That was me hopping on board.
Wow! Okay, dude alert! And who is this guy?
Ohh! Oh, the Chelsea Reporter, ohh, this used to keep me so warm.
Oh, okay!  "Would I go back to Allesandro?s? Sure, but I?d have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head."  Wow! You really laid into this place.
Ooh, I gotta go. I found a guy that who could fix up the van for catering.
No-no, it?s okay. But are we sure we don?t want the waterbed?
 Hey, do you need to get in? Here you go.
I don?t know, it would totally depend on her coloring and?  You got the job!!
Okay, is this the day of good news or what? I got us a job! The wedding reception.
You?re the cook! With out you it?s just me driving up to people?s houses with empty trays and asking for money!
For what? I can?t believe this! I gotta get out of here. 
Oh! It will be fun! Ohh! Yay! Oh! Okay, ooh, let?s plan the wedding reception.  Wow! You really wanted me to do something with this van.  Y?know what, I want you to take the chef job.
Yeah. That?s what you really want. Yeah, I don?t want to be the reason you?re unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don?t want to be the reason I?m unhappy.
Besides, it might be kinda fun to form the new A-Team.
Hey, maybe they meant to write, ?Quiet, bitch.?
Hey! You guys, I?m writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it? Monica, Rachel, and
 Happy Chanukah, Monica! May your Christmas be snowy, Joey! Happy New Year, Chandler and Ross. Spin the draddle, Rachel!
I know but it?s so hard! Nothing rhymes with your stupid name!
All good, thanks.  Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that?s easier to rhyme?
Pumpkin? Yeah. But did he ever call you like, Budolph?
No! No, the robots just work for them.
If she?s no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
 Happy, happy Chanukah, Chandler and Monica. Very merry?
So! Ross doesn?t really decorate his tree with floss, but you don?t hear him complaining do you? God! 
Well look, you don?t really like the one from uptown and you?re too exhausted from dating the one up in Poughkeepsie, so I say you just end them both. Okay? You take a train up to Poughkeepsie and break up with her, and on your way back you break up with uptown. And then by the time you get home tonight, you?re done!
Umm, well I had a similar problem when I lived in Prague.
Oh my God! I can?t believe my little brother is married!
You guys, why didn?t you tell me you were eloping?
Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse?
Wow, a year and a half ago I didn?t even know I had a brother, and now I have a sister too.  Okay. Okay. Stop it, don?t. So, I gotta get you a gift now. Is there anything you need?
 That?s a really nice gift. I was thinking of like a gravy boat. Opening Credits
Guess what. Frank Jr., and Alice got married!
And! And, they?re gonna have a baby!  And! And, they want me to grow it for them in my uterus. 
Ewww! And "Oh no!" It?s?they just want me to be the surrogate. It?s her-it?s her egg and her sperm, and I?m-I?m just the oven, it?s totally their bun.
Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I?m gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Y'know you guys were a lot more supportive when I wanted to make denim furniture.
My mom never gave birth. Oh! But my birth mom did.
Wow! You really go all out when you?re expecting company. Phoebe
Oh! Ooh! Oh, I didn?t know that you did?pot. Phoebe
Oh no! No-no! I understand the pain! Don?t-don?t hurt the puppy. Phoebe
Ooh, y?know what, I think it?s time for puppy to go out again. Come on, let?s go to the balcony.
Umm, the street. Come on, let?s go to the street. Ooh, listen, don?t go onto the balcony until after I get back. 
My mom?s gonna be here any minute. I can?t do this, I can?t give him up. Yes?no, I can. I don?t want to. But I can. No.
Ooh, I can?t do this. My mom was right. If I can?t-if I can?t give him up, then there?s no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give ?em?a kidney!
No, I?m really okay with this. Y?know why? ?Cause look at them, and I made that, so? I know it?s gonna be like a million times harder to give up a baby but, oh my God, it?s gonna feel like a million times better, right? I wanna do this.  I wanna carry your baby.
Oh, I-I gave them the puppy and it made them so happy that I decided I?m gonna carry their baby. Phoebe
No-no-no, I know, but you and I are different people though, and this is a totally different situation, and I know that I am not gonna regret this. Phoebe
You guys you really should get rid of those animals. They shouldn?t be living in an apartment.
All right. I?m gonna go to the fertility doctor and um, see if I?m ready to have Frank and Alice?s embryo transferred into my uterus.
Oh, they?re just gonna umm, look to see if my endometria layer is thick.
Oh! I knew it! I knew it! I felt really thick this morning.
Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs? Dr.
That?s it! 25 percent? That means that?s it?s like 75 percent chance of no baby at all!
Okay, well y?know what, don?t worry you guys, ?cause I?m-I?m gonna do this as many times as it takes to get it right.
Whoa!! That?okay, that?s a lot of pressure on me and my uterus.  So, well okay, so is there?is maybe is there something that I can do y?know just to like help make sure I get pregnant? Dr.
Hello, tiny embryos. Well, I?m-I?m Phoebe Buffay, hi! I?m-I?m-I?m hoping to be your uterus for the next nine months. You should know, that we?re doing this for Frank and Alice, who you know, you?ve been there! Umm, y?know they want you so much, so when you guys get in there, really grab on. Okay, and-and I promise that I?ll keep you safe and warm until you?re ready to have them take you home, so? Oh! And also, umm next time you see me, I?m screaming, don?t worry, that?s what?s supposed to happen. Dr.
Well, freaked. ?Cause it turns out that the odds are really sucky. And! This is Frank and Alice?s like only shot. Like, they are literally putting all of their eggs in my basket.
All right, I?m gonna go take a pregnancy test, right now.
Well the doctor says it takes a couple days, but my body?s always been a little faster than Western medicine.
Yeah, all right. Meanwhile, I?m gonna do whatever I can to help this so, I?m just gonna y?know, lie it your chair,  Y'know? Yeah, good, I?m let gravity y?know, do its jobs. 
 "Are you in there little fetus? In nine will you come great us? I will buy you some Adidas." 
All right, I will. No, I will. But umm, y?know just remember that it?s still really early, okay so, if it says that I?m not pregnant, that doesn?t mean that I?m not gonna get pregnant, okay and, and just please, just so I don?t go completely nuts, just try not put all your hopes on this.
You guys! You guys! You?re gonna have a baby! They?re gonna have a baby!
Okay, but this can?t be good for the baby.
Oh, hey, Mon, do you still have your like old blouses and dresses from high school?
Well, it?s just that maternity clothes are so expensive. 
Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
 Well, I hate to eat and run, but?
Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
If you wanted to punish them, you should?ve just made them hang out here!
So he?s probably really nervous around women, y'know? Maybe, you just have to make the first move.
Thousands of times!! That doesn?t make me sound too good does it?
Oh did you?what did you?did you work for two days straight?
What?! I thought you were crazy about her! ?
Oh my God, that's so freaky! Turn him off!! ? Appartement de Joey et Chandler. Ross, Joey et Rachel regardent un match de rugby ? la tele lorsque Phoebe arrive. ?
Ooh, hey, could we put on the news? I think it might be raining. ?
Yeah, I know, I do that 'cause it makes me look taller. ?
Well, why are you doing this anyway? ?
You're kidding! And he plays rugby?! That's so funny.  Ohh! I see how you did that. All right. ?
No offence but, y'know sometimes it's hard to understand you, y'know with the accent, so... ?  ?
Now, are you sure you don't want to go see a doctor? ?
Ooh, ice! I am so in the mood for ice!  ?
 Ha-ha.  No, it?s just I?m so pregnant that I-my guitar doesn?t fit anymore. So I thought 'til I?m not, I?m just gonna play all my songs on this drum. It sounds really cool!
Listen. Listen.  Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?
I know! I know, and I?ve only been playing for like an hour!
Oh, well, don?t tell me you want to keep more of your stuff in my uterus.
Ugh! No! This is so hard! I went through this whole book  and found nothing! I want a name that?s really like, y?know strong and confident, y?know? Like-like Exxon.
No, I?m-I?m not sure about Hulk, but I like the idea of a name starting with "The."
Well, I, I like the idea of naming him after someone I love, and Joey and Chandler are great names.  But, all right, I don?t-maybe I?ll just name him The Hulk.
Yeah, I definitely. I don?t like the name Ross.
Well, it?s just y?know that something like this would never to like The Hulk, y?know...
So, I decided I?m definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it?s like y?know, Chanoey?
All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?
Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant.  All right, so I don?t know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
All right, all right, so up until '92-93 he was very trusting, then ?94 hit, Carol left him and bamn! Paranoid city!
You got problems because of you! Not your name! All right, this has got to stop! Chandler is a great name! In fact-yes,  I?m, I?m sorry. I know you really wanted me to name the baby Joey, but eh, so, I?m-I?m, I?m gonna, I?m gonna name the baby Chandler.
Yeah, but you have to keep the name too!
Yay-oh-yay! Okay, I gotta go tell Frank and Alice! Right now!
Oh, yeah! You like 'em? I just, I went to a used clothes store and got a bunch of maternity stuff. These are sooo comfortable!
Nuh-uh! They?re maternity pants. They even came with a list of baby names.  See, these names are good, and these names are bad.  Ohh.
I don?t know! How are the-the-the-the, y?know-You?re clothes aren?t funny.
Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
Okay. Umm, ooh, ooh-oh, I have a game!
Oh, well, it doesn?t have a name-oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn?t have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Ooh, three points. Both fine answers, but we were looking for leafy, leafy. 
Yeah! Here!  Oh no, these are the trick deck. Okay. Here yes. Okay.
I don?t know. Ooh! Ooh! Look it!  Ah-ha!
 I had nothing to do with it.   Okay, it was my idea, but I don?t feel good about it. 
That?s so funny to think if you?d just done that right after the last contest, no one would have had to move at all.
I still cannot believe you?re engaged!  Just 'cause its happening so fast; not 'cause you?re such a loser.
Yeah, but y?know, about have of these are gonna end up getting divorced. The
You?re the most beautiful bride I?ve ever seen.
No, you have to let me in right now!!
I?m not gonna right to you! That?s not real!
Well, at least you didn?t rent yours from a store called, "It?s Not Too Late."
I hate my regular clothes now! Y?know? I look down and-and I know that this isn?t gonna be the most special day of my life.
No, yeah! The groom cannot see the bride!
Really?! I looked into that. Yeah, but, I mean it costs like $60,000 and y?know you can die. And, you would die!
So you guys?ll stay here and hang out with me?
 I'm on top of the world, looking down on creation and the only explanation I can find... 
Oooh look! Isn?t this adorable, Ross let Ben address mine!
Hey! Hey, did you get your invitation to Ross?s wedding?
I?m so jealous you?re all going! I can?t believe I never knew that you can?t fly in your third trimester!
Oh, it's so pretty. This must have cost him a fortune.
Yeah, oh I'm sorry, it must be really hard to hear! I tell ya, it's a lot easier having three babies play Bringing in the Noise, Bringing in da Funk on your bladder! I'm so sick of being pregnant! The only happiness I get is from a cup of coffee, which of course is decaf, 'cause-Oh! I'm pregnant!
It's not kicking me, it's kicking one of the other babies. Oh ! Don't make me come in there!
I can't believe I'm gonna have a party! This is so great!  A party!  Yay!!  I don't know why.
What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can't use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what's my next present?!
I-I wanted to apologise if I-y'know seemed a tad edgy yesterday at my shower. Y'know it's just the hormones, y'know.
Anyway, I just wanted to say thank you, it was just, it was so sweet. 
Good. Y'know-no-no, okay, it's-it feels like everything's been about me lately, so what's happening with you?
Wow! This reminds me of the time when I was umm, living on the street and this guy offered to buy me food if I slept with him.
Well, let's see, it's not. Really, like that. Because, you see that was an actual problem, and uh, yours is just like y'know a bunch of y'know high school crap that nobody really gives y'know...
Oh! No, I-I think I just had a contraction.
Yeah, I thought I had one a couple of minutes ago, and now I know that was definitely one.
No. It's all right; it's probably false labour. They said that, that can happen near the end, just somebody get the book.
Okay, I guess. I mean... I don't know, it's just, I guess I know it's going to be over soon.
I know. It's just y'know usually when you're, when you're done with the pregnant thing, y'know, then you get to do the mom thing. I'm gonna be y'know, sitting around in my leather pants, drinking Tequila.
Okay that's even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it's just that now that they're in me it's like, it's like I know them y'know, I mean-I mean, it's just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Got cha again, you guys are so easy.
Yeah, my mom used to put her head in the oven. Well, actually, she only did it the one time. But it was pretty weird.
Okay, okay, but Rachel's gonna be here too, can't I just ask her this stuff?
Ohhh, I wanna come over there and give you a hug and wish you luck on your wedding, but I don't-can't get up.
Great! Yeah, could you bring me the newspaper?
Oh, hey, Chandler I wanna hug you too!
Oh, and great! You might as well bring me my book, it's on the counter in your apartment.
Oh, do you need a hug? You don't have to bring me anything! 
Eh, don't be so hard on yourself. If someone I was still in love with was getting married...
Yeah, we all know! We talk about it all the time!
Well, because we thought you knew!! It's so obvious! God, that would be like telling Monica, "Hey, you like things clean."
So, did shopping make you feel any better about Ross?
Well, I think I can help you get over him.
Yeah. I just need you to bring me some photos of Ross.
Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn't feel like getting up. Okay, I'm gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you're going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Okay. Umm, before we get started, I just wanna say for the record that I love Ross, I think he's such a great guy. Here.  Okay, now, close your eyes. And imagine that you're with Ross okay and imagine that you're kissing him. And you're-you're running your hands all over his body. And then you run your hands through his hair, but eew-oh gross it's some kind of grease, it's-uck! Hah?
Okay, this is going to be harder than I thought. Umm, let's try some uh, aversion therapy.
Hey, Joey! Hey! Ooh! Ooh! I just say someone on the-that looks just like you on the subway. And I was gonna go over and say 'hi!' but then I figured, he doesn't care if he looks like you.
Ohh, they're having a great time with their Aunt Phoebe! Aunt Rachel hasn't been helpful at all. So, do you miss me?
All right, the seven of us miss you.
Yeah. But y'know we were thinking about you, y'know we ordered the Joey Special.
Yep! Okay, gotta go, talk to you later.
Yeah, it's in the guys' apartment under the sink. Why?
What?! What do you mean you're going to London?
That's not why you're going! You're going because you hope he's gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
No! Because he's in love with the British chippy! Look, Rachel, if you go, you're just gonna mess with his head and ruin his wedding! Y'know, it's too late! You missed you're chance! I'm sorry, I know this must be really hard, it's over.
 This is Phoebe Buffay. I was wondering, please, if-if it's not too much trouble, please, umm, might I speak to Miss Emily Waltham, please?
No no no, I'll be nice, I swear!!! ? Could you just give me the number for where they are?
Ok, somebody is on their way to ruin wedding okay. And I have to warn somebody, alright. So if you don't give me that number then I'm going to come over there and kick your snooty ass all the way to New Glocken..shire.
Hello, Hello. Ohh, OHH, she knew I could kick her ass.
 Oh thank god. Oh, you changed your mind. Oh, look I know you probably want to be alone, and you don't want to talk about it, that's fine. I just want you to know, I think you are doing the right thing and...
 Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!!  God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Oh, hi, Mrs. Waltham. I need to speak with ether one of the best men, or Ross's sister Monica. Mrs.
Oh, I'm Phoebe Buffay. I'm one of Ross's best friends. Mrs.
Yeah, um, I can't fly. I'm having my brother's babies. Mrs.
No..umm, could I talk to one of them? It's very very important. Mrs.
Ohh! Okay, I'm going to have to kick her ass too.
No! No, we have an emergency. Okay? Rachel's coming to London.
No it's not great. No, she's coming to tell Ross that she loves him.
I KNOW THAT!!! You have to stop her!! She's going to ruin the wedding!!
Okay, so I'm done my part, okay. It's your responsibility now, okay. The burden is off me, right?
Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise. Mrs.
Oh that's so great! Ohh, so what's going on now?
No!! wait, wait, wait!! Oh please, hold it up so I can listen.  
 Uh, hello, this is Ross Geller's personal physician, Dr. Philange. Mrs.
Yeah, I've discovered that Ross forgot to take his brain medicine, uh, now without it, uh, in the brain of Ross, uh women's names are interchangeable, through-through no fault of his own. Mrs.
No, not Phoebe, Dr. Philange. Oh no! You have it too! 
Yeah, I know, but I don't think that means anything.
I know you didn't, I was talking about Monica.
I have to tell you this story. Okay, I was coming over here and this driver...
Yeah, so, he had a really funny hat-I don't want to talk about it.
Oh... No, I did that for someone once and I'm not comfortable having that kind of power and control over someone's life.
 Oh! Here we all are! Yeah, there's Ross and Joey and you and me. 
No. I'm sorry. It's just 'cause I couldn't be there. 'Cause all I ever get to do now is pregnant stuff, it just bums me out.
Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!
That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!"
That's fine, just don't bring it in my mouth.
Ooh, Atlantic City! Oh, that's a great plan! Who's plan was that?
Okay! Ooh-ahh, I'm gonna go pack. I'm gonna go pack my ass off! 
Atlantic City, baby! Let's roll some bones! Hey Joey, high-five for rolling bones! 
All right. Well, don't worry, I call shotgun! 
Wait, wait, remember when my water broke?  Ending Credits
Hi, yeah, hi! I'm umm, Phoebe Buffay, and I have babies coming out of me.
Not yet. Umm, I heard they really hurt, do they hurt?
Oh no, none of them are the father. The father is my brother.
Oh, okay, umm, hi kids! Um, it's me, Aunt Phoebe. I can't wait to see you. Please don't hurt me! 
 Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice.  And then my mom wants to know--Joey, what are you doing?!
That's easy for you to say, I don't see three kids coming out your vagina!
Ooh, it's sympathy pains. Ohh, that's so sweet!
Oh, okay, I'm having another one! This one doesn't hurt either-Ooh, yes it does! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ooh!  Oh, I was kinda hoping that was it.
Umm, sympathy pains. I thought it was really sweet at first, but now I think he's just trying to steal my thunder. Dr.
It's very weird! I don't want some guy down there telling me, I'm y'know, dilatedamundo!
 What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
Hi! And you're going into what grade? Dr.
 Uh-huh, me too. Ross, maybe I should've specified that I'd be needing a grown up doctor. Dr.
Shh! Doogie, shh! Doesn't anybody understand that I'm gonna be having babies soon? Huh? Go! Go little boy, go! 
Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
Maybe not! Y'know? Seriously, three babies are a handful maybe they're y'know, looking for a chance to unload one of them. Listen, I-I hate to miss an opportunity just because I didn't ask! Y'know?
I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Well, I'm kinda on a clock here. Dr.
Sorry Frank, I'm kinda in the middle of the last favor you asked me to do.  Male
Oo, this is a big one. Eww! Arghhhh!! 
I already had a baby. Leave me alone.
But umm, I mean, did you talk to them about, y'know...
Oh. It was a long shot. Hey, you guys can I just like have a second alone with the babies.
So, here you are. It seems like yesterday I was talking to you in that little petri dish. Everyone said labor was the hardest thing I'd ever have to do, but they were wrong this is. Oh, I had the most fun with you guys! I wish I could take you home and see you everyday. Okay, I'll settle for being your favorite Aunt. I know Alice's sister has a pool, but you lived in me. Okay, so we're cool. Yeah, we're gonna be great. Little high fives!  Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!  Well, if you're gonna cry.  Ending Credits
Yeah. You won't be able to take it.
Okay, 'cause right after my mom killed herself, I was just in this really bad place, y'know personally. So, I just thought that it'd make me feel better if I wrote to Sesame Street, 'cause they were so nice when I was a little kid! No one ever wrote back.
All I got was a lousy key chain! And by that time I was living in a box. I didn't have keys!
This isn't a good deed, you just wanted to get on TV! This is totally selfish.
Yes there are! There are totally good deeds that are selfless.
I'm gonna find a selfless good dead. I'm gonna beat you, you evil genius. 
Hey, Joey, when you said the deal with Santa Clause, you meant?
I cannot believe I can't find a selfless good deed! Y'know that old guy that lives next to me? Well, I snuck over there and-and raked up all the leaves on his front stoop. But he caught me and force-fed me cider and cookies. Then I felt wonderful. That old jackass!
I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Yeah, but you've known Rachel since High School and you cannot just cut her out of your life.
 Hey Joey, I just wanted to let you know that I found a selfless good deed. I just went down to the park and I let a bee sting me.
Well, it helps the bee look tough in front of his bee friends. The bee is happy and I am definitely not.
I would like to make a pledge. I would like to donate $200.
Oh, I'm still mad at them but I also now that they bring happiness to lots of kids who's moms didn't kill themselves, so by supporting them, I'm doing a good thing, but I'm not happy about it. So there, a selfless good deed.
No, it sucks. I was saving up to buy a hamster.
Yeah, not the one I had my eye on. Gary
Oh, look-look, Joey's on TV! Isn't that great? My pledge got Joey on TV! Oh that makes me feel-Oh no! 
Oh weird, Chandler just told us he's got a conference there!
Wait a minute! So when Emily comes you're just, you're not gonna see Rachel anymore?
I know it's le poo right now, but it'll get better.
Oh no! Not that guy! He does look like him though.
Oh hey, Monica, I heard you saw Donald Trump at your convention.
We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey! Ending Credits
The most popular Phoebe in tennis is called the overhand Phoebe. And if you win, you must slap your opponent on the Phoebe and say, "Hi, Phoebe!"
Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud. 
Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Oh my God! You got off easy! When my friend Silvie's husband said someone else's name in bed, she cursed him and turned his thingy green. 
I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.
So listen, you know my friend Chris who owns the crematorium?
He says, that he would cremate my fur coat for free if I umm, y'know, bring in the next person I know who dies. 
This is fashion?!  Okay, so to you, death is fashion?! That's really funny.  Here's Phoebe umm, sporting uh, y'know, cutting edge hairy carcass from y'know, the steal traps of wintry Russia. I mean, you really thing this looks good?  'Cause I do.
I think he's right. You guys hang out at the coffeehouse way too much. Commercial Break
All right, I can't sit here anymore. I have to walk places. 
Well, I've been reading up and for your information, minks are not very nice. Okay, I admit it! I love this coat! Okay, I-it's the best thing I've ever had wrapped around me, including Phil Huntley!  Remember Phil Huntley? He was fine!
Oh good! Because we have an "I'm sorry" song.
Okay, now you're just taking lines right out of the song!
Okay, let's get some perspective people; it's not like I'm wearing a seeing-eye dog coat!
Oh God, I really missed that fat bastard! 
Oh yeah! I'd let him check out my kitchen floors.
Hey, you should really read that book you wrote.  Wow! You saw the hat in the kitchen and knew that she'd have to go in there hatless to get it. You can have your own health inspector detective show!
Yeah, but then I can be you sidekick Vunda.
Okay, she would love that! Y'know, 'cause you know all the clean places to eat.
Oh, I took Larry there to eat but it was all violated. So we shut it down!
Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle." 
Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That-this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know.  Okay, let's go! 
Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
Thank you.  Okay, go! Go! Go!   Now, if after dinner you still really need to bust someone, I know a hot dog vendor who picks his nose.
Wow! See, and I didn't think you'd be able to come up with anything.
I don't know about that. I've got one that's worse.
Oh, did the little rich boy have a problem with the butler? Yes, mine's worse! Thanksgiving 1862
More bandages! More bandages! Please, can I get some more bandages in here! This man is dying- Oh no. Present Day
Oh, this life! Oh okay no, Chandler's is worse.
Of course you don't sweetie. You're brand new.
Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head up a dead animal. 
No, it's not supposed to be funny, it's supposed to be scary.
All right, hold on! Okay, let's just all think. 
Oh wait! That can't be the one Rachel's talking about. She didn't even know that happened. So which one was it?
Oh, I can't believe you called her fat.
Oh, no, I have the cutest Christmas story!
Fine, all right, mine had a dwarf that got broke in half, but y'know whatever. Thanksgiving 1988
Umm, Wethering Heights. I'm taking a literature class at the New School and I have to finish it for the first session tomorrow.
Yeah! Well, I really liked that Lamaze class I took! Y'know and this time I thought I'd go for something, y'know a little more intellectual, with a less painful final exam.
Yeah! Ooh, you should come with me! Oh yeah, then I'd have someone to sit with!
Yeah! Okay-ooh, but are you going to have time to read it?
This is going to be so much fun! Okay-shhh, I have to finish.
Okay, look you wanna hold onto your food? You gotta scare people off. I learned that living on the street.
Okay, this will keep them away from your stuff. 
Someday I'll, tell you about the time I stabbed the cop.
I thought you said you read it in high school.
Okay, umm, it's this tragic love story between Cathy and Heathcliff and umm, it takes place on like these really creepy mores in England. Which I think represents the wildness of Heathcliff's character. I totally get symbolism. The
Well how would you know?! You didn't even read it! The
I think that uh, yours is a question with many answers. The
Are you just repeating what I'm saying? The
Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Fine! Okay, all right, so Jane Eyre, first of all, you'd think she's a woman, but she's not. She's a cyborg.
Yeah, this book was light years ahead of its time. The
Umm, Rachel and I were just discussing it and she had some very interesting insights. The
 I'm sorry. It was just so funny when you started comparing Jane Eyre to Robocop.
Well, I snapped! Okay? You weren't taking the class seriously.
Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
I really thought you making a good point. I mean y'know, until you got cut off. A Female
I don't know! I didn't come with her!
Ohh, you and your ways.  Since it's Christmastime. I'm going to be one of those people collection donations.
 Yeah, I already have my bell and later on...I get my bucket.
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to be out there spreading joy to the people. I mean, last year, I spread a little joy but not really enough. So this year, I'm going to do the whole city.
Ohh, they gave me a great spot. Right by Macys. Yeah, they hardly ever give such a good spot to a rookie, but I'm the only one who can sing "Merry Christmas" in 25 languages.  I lied.
Happy Holidays. Feliz Navidad. Allo, and Merry Christmas.  Ohh thank you sir. Here's some joy. 
Is that a new Swede jacket? It looks really expensive.
Wait, you can't take the money out. The
But, can't you leave the dollar? This money is for the poor. The
Okay, Seasons Greetings and everything, but still... The
Oh, I'm going to give him something else besides joy, just... 
Now, that's trash. Young lady, you can't...  Hey! Stop that young lady, she donated trash! 
Hey!!  The charity's on fire! Help!  Oh good! Thank you, I need that.  Whoa! What is that?!   It's nine o'clock in the morning!
Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look!  Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
Well, yeah! But I'm not gonna take anymore crap. Okay? No more Mrs. Nice Bucket!
Yeah, I'm gonna go back to being Street Phoebe. Yeah! Oh but, y'know what? I can't go totally back because Street Phoebe really wouldn't be friends with you guys. Sorry. 
Oh whoa-whoa-whoa! Wait a minute, open up your hand; let me take a look.  Quarter. Dime. Lint? Not interested in that.  What's this? A Canadian coin? Get outta here!  
Whoa-whoa-whoa! No drinks near the bucket! Set it down over there and then you can make a contribution!  And you can leave the hurt bunny look over there too!  Hi Bob!   I thought I told you to get outta here!
Fine.   All right, I'll give you one pointer. Look out for that bitch. 
It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?
Ooh! That's a good one! Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
Maybe your resolution is to not make fun of your friends, especially the ones who may soon be flying you to Europe for free on their own plane.
Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
Well, I taught me and I love me.
Okay.  Oh no-no-no, you don't touch the guitar! First you learn here,  then you learn here. 
Hey everybody, Rachel was so good today. She didn't gossip at all.
Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
Give me your hands.  Strings. Gimme it!  Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Tiger!  Dragon! Iceberg!!  Joseph, did you even study at all last night?
G-sharp? Have you been studying the real names of the chords?  Have you?  Oh my God!
Y'know none of my other student thought I was stupid.
Yeah, well, y'know maybe you just need to try a little harder!
Fine! You go learn from your qualified instructor! But don't come crying to me when everyone's sick and tired of hearing you play Bad, Bad Leroy Brown!!
No, I can't talk to you! I don't have a fancy ad in the Yellow Pages!
Okay, I'm gonna go too. I'm gonna go to the airport. I figure if I hang around there long enough, someone's bound to leave one of those planes unattended.
Hey! It's raining. I don't want to fly in the rain. So... 
That's weird.  I bet they're doing it. Ending Credits
Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
So are you actually gonna see her again?
You don't need Janice for that, you've got us. We...
 No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
Hey! Umm, well, only okay because I just got back from, from the hospital. 
Oh yeah, no-no-no. I'm fine. I'm okay, but umm, my Grandma sorta died.
It's okay, I mean she had a really incredible life. And it's not like I'm never gonna see her again, y'know she's gonna visit.
Yeah, her first day on a new spiritual plane and she's gonna come to the coffeehouse!
It's okay. Actually y'know what, it's kinda cool. 'Cause it's like y'know, one life ends and another begins.
Well umm, okay we were in the market and she bent down to get some yogurt and she just never came back up again.
It was really sweet. The last thing she said to me was; "Okay dear, you go get the eggs and I'm gonna get the yogurt and we'll meet at the checkout counter." And y'know what? We will meet at the checkout counter.
Umm, well I sorta have some bad news, can I come in?
No, she just died today! Okay, umm, we're having a memorial service tomorrow.
Well, lots of people! Look, are you coming to memorial service or not?
Well hello, Mrs. Penella! Thank you so much for coming! Well, okay look, here's your umm, 3-D glasses and Reverend Pong will tell you when to put them on. 
 Hey, y'know what? My Grandma had the exact same bag!
He said, "Nice to meet you Glenda."  Well, obviously I couldn't give him my real name?
Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
Well, I said, I told him y'know, that I was the executor person of Francis' will and that I needed to talk to him so I'm gonna meet him at the coffee house later. The
All right, well, I just can't think about that right now. I just wanna say good-bye to my Grandma.
All right, I'd better go too. I have to go talk to my dad.
Umm, no, not at first 'cause I-I don't want to freak him out
Y'know it's funny, you'd think I'd be angry. I mean, you'd think I'd wanna rip his tiny little head off. Fortunately, I'm past it.
Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
As a masseuse and a human, I'm begging you, never do that to anyone!
 He-he does not like it! He hates it! He's in pain!
Umm, thank you for meeting with me. Frank
Come, sit.  Sit.  Sit!  Umm, all righty, before we get started I just-I need you to state for the official record that you are in fact Frank Buffay. Frank
Oh yes. Yes. Yeah-no. She did. She left you umm,  this lipstick. Frank
Okay. I have just a few questions to ask so I'm going to get out my official forms.  Okay, so, question 1) You and uh, you were married to Francis' daughter Lilly, is that correct? Frank
Okay, umm, question 2) Umm, did that marriage end A. Happily, B. Medium, or C. In the total abandonment of her and her two children? Frank
Hmm, okay, total abandonment. Okay, reasons for abandonment, A. Top secret government work, B. Amnesia, or C. Or you're just a selfish, irresponsible bad, bad man? Frank
Well, if she isn't then cremating her was a big mistake. Frank
Well, Ursula is a waitress and-and she lives in Soho. And Phoebe,  is on this couch. 
Yep, lipstick and a daughter, big day for you! Frank
Yes. Well, that's neither here nor there. Frank
Y'know what, it doesn't matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go. Frank
 Oh hey, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy is putting stuff in boxes! 
It's amazing! You better hurry up and fill out an application or I'm gonna beat you to it.
 Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler!  Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey!  Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or-Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
Oh! Oh, I can't believe it! I mean I think it's great! For him. She might be able to do better.
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own.
Well y'know every time that they say that like they're doing laundry we'll just give them a bunch of laundry to do.
No! You don't have to do anything! Just don't tell them that we know!
Well, you could use your position y'know as the roommate.
And then. I would use y'know the strongest tool at my disposal. My sexuality.
Okay, watch, learn, and don't eat my cookie. 
Hey! Ooh, wow that jacket looks great on you!
 Yeah the material feels so soft-hello Mr. Bicep! Have you been working out?
Well, if you really wanna know, I'm-Oh! I can't tell you this.
Well actually you're the one person I can't tell this too. And the one person I want to the most.
I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don't even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee-Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will. 
But there's a whole table of mini-muffin baskets. Which one did you send?
Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
I wouldn't bring that up, it would probably just bum him out.
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye!  Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know!  Joey, you can't say anything!
All right. All right! If he wants a date? He's gonna get a date. All right, I'm gonna go in.
So Chandler, I-I'd love to come by tonight.
Good. I'm really looking forward to you and me having sexual intercourse. 
And Joey, get me a bottle of wine and glasses?   
I was going too.  Umm, I brought some wine. Would you like some?
Thanks! Y'know, that when you say things like that it makes me wanna rip that sweater vest right off!
No. No! It's just y'know first, I wanna take off all my clothes and have you rub lotion on me.
He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Joey!  Wow, you didn't rip off any buttons.
Umm, not without you, lover.  So, this is my bra.
You should be. I'm very bendy.  I'm gonna kiss you now.
I just-I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
Ooh, I'll go in on that with you! I couldn't think of anything.
Hey! I brought you some house warming gifts.
Yeah. Salt, so your life always has flavor.
And a scented candle for the bathroom, because well, y'know.
Oh, I thought this was your party and it turns out it's a party for Howard. He's just the sweetest little man!  Guest
Yeah, but they didn't ask me! Y'know? This way I'm just y'know, the exotic, generous stranger. That's always fun to be.
No I'm not. No! If anything I'm making you look better! They'll see you talking to me and that's--I'm a hit!
No! No! I'm talking you up to people. Just give it a little time, all right? Relax, get something to eat! Okay? 
Oh, I was telling them about you and Emily. Y'know, try to get some sympathy.
But somehow you came off as the bad guy.
Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
Oh, okay, see? Things are looking up already! Guest
All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross?  Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags!  I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys   Gold-digger,  cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Obviously I didn't think they were gonna start throwing things. I just thought if I kept insulting everyone, you would jump in and defend everyone and then you could look like the hero.
Aw, and I was gonna ask you to marry me because I forgot to say hello to you last week.
All right. Hold on.  I got it. Nickel!  How much more do we need?
Okay, dime!  You guys should probably keep talking; this could take a while.  Oh no, wait! Look it! Whoa!  Oh my God, this is a police badge!
Yeah, I should probably take it back. Ooh, but you know what? While I'm at the police station, I could check their Ten Most Wanted lists because my friend Fritzy has been like number 11 forever, so this could be her year! 
Oh. Oh! Ma'am? Excuse me, ma'am? The Smoking
You can't put your cigarette out on a tree! The Smoking
No but you shouldn't! Don't ever do that again. The Smoking
Yeah that's right you are so busted.  Book 'em. The Smoking
Save it Red! Unless you wanna spend the night in the slammer, you apologize to the tree. The Smoking
You apologize to the tree right now or I am calling for backup.   Backup! Backup!! The Smoking
...so this guy was all  And I'm all, Buffay, Homicide.  It was just so cool!
I know but I'm having so much fun doing good deeds.
You could get arrested, right now!  All right, yeah, I gotta take it back. I'm totally drunk with power. 
Well I don't think it's very nice of you to park here, y'know you're blocking the entrance.
Well, it's a problem for me, which means it's a problem for you 'cause I'm a cop. 
Ohh, no.  Oh okay, so you're a cop which means you can park anywhere, 'cause I know that 'cause I'm a cop too. So, all right, keep up the good work. 10-4. 
I'm in vice. Yeah, in fact I'm undercover right now. I'm a whore.
 Don't try to call him or anything, 'cause he's not there, he's out. His umm, his partner just died.
Ooh, God, it's him! It's that cop! God, I can't believe it! He found me!
Well, if I'm going down, I'm taking you  with me.  Harboring a fugitive? That's one to three years minimum. Good luck Chandler.  Okay, you can arrest me. Fine. But you'll never make it stick and you know it!
Yep! As long as you understand that I'm going to call my lawyer and once he puts you on the stand he'll make you look like a fool. A fool!
I would love it if I weren't here!
Wow! I didn't see that coming! You're-you're asking me out!
Umm, yeah, I'd like to go out with you officer...
Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Wow! Well, if you nail the interview, you'll get it!
Okay! All right, let's start with the handshake. Hi.
Okay.  Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! 
Let's just say, I'm glad I'm not Chandler.  Opening Credits
But it's just so unfair that our date has to get cut short just 'cause some guy shot at a store clerk.
Okay, then maybe I can come too! Gary's
Yeah, it's weird. I can't help it though he's so sweet, he's like this little puppy dog, y'know? But like a really tough one that shots bad guys. Ohh, I just love beginning parts of relationships, y'know?! You just like can't keep your hands off each other.
So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?
Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
 God, I woke the beast. Sorry.  I was wrong obviously, I just-I misspoke. It's okay.
Well, same thing we did all day, hang out at Gary's apartment. He is so amazing, we never left the bedroom. But have fun at the movie.
You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
Ohh,  umm, we kinda took a little detour on the way over here.
We did! We violated Section 12 Paragraph 7 of the criminal code!
Okay, let's discuss Rachel's birthday. I say we throw a surprise party this weekend.
Yeah but if we throw her a party on her birthday, then it's not a surprise.
Okay, great so do you want to do it together?
Oh wait, I change my mind!  Okay, let's talk about the party! I have so many ideas! 
So wow, it looks like you took care of everything. Thanks a lot, co-host.
Cups and ice? Ooh, I get to be in charge of cups and ice?  All right. Fine, okay, I will be in charge of cups and ice!
Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups.  Oh, hi Joey!
 Check it out! Cup hat!  Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup! 
 And did you notice the ice?  Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch!  Ahhh! Mystical!
I know. But don't you think that it should be called Order and Law?
Sounds like somebody wants to be Mr. Pizza Delivery Girl.
 Okay pepperoni, pepperoni, pepperoni, okay Ross, I know she's pretty and you love her, but is she stupid?! She forgot my vegetarian!
Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
Okay!  Rach, hi, I need those earrings you borrowed.
Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
 This is terrible, what are you going to do?
But I already gave them back to you!
All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said.  Where is that other earring?
Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?! 
No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"
Okay, those are my sunglasses, you borrowed them from me.
All right well, we're just gonna have to tell Monica, that's all.
I suppose I could tell her it's just all my fault.
Mon, can I talk to you for a sec?
Umm, I lost one of your earrings. I'm sorry! I am so, so sorry!
I will replace it, I promise. I feel so terrible.
I am definitely gonna watch that! Ending Credits
Monica, I'm sorry I didn't come by last night. I was out with Gary; he let me ride around with him in his cop car. We saw and prevented crimes.
Yeah! Sure! Yep!  Oh, y'know what? If I heard a shot right now, I'd throw my body on you.
Yes. Once. Yeah, a little. He kinda did it to himself. It's not really a good story.
No, I like him a lot but I don't think I'm ready for this!
I don't know. I'll just handle it-I'll ask you to talk to him!
Because you are so afraid of commitment! You talk to him, make him scared like you! Make him a...man!
Hmm, did you talk to Gary about the moving in thing?
You are useless! Freaking out about commitment is the one thing you can do! The one thing! And you can't even do that right! God!
Ohh!! God!  Ooh!  Get out of here, good for nothing.
No that's not true. If you're not moving forward, you're just staying still. And staying still is good. Watch this. 
That is so sweet. But don't you think it's a little too soon? I mean there's so much we don't know about each other.
I just-I don't want us to jump into something we're not ready for.
I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just-I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
We're moving in together! Isn't it great! Yay!
Well, you're not more excited than I am! No way! I'm the most excited!
Okay, yeah, I'll see you later! Don't forget about the moving in!
I couldn't tell him no. He got so sad. Maybe it'll be all right. I do really like him a lot and probably do it eventually anyway and plus, think of all the money I'll save on stamps.
No, I just heard when people live together, they split the cost of stamps. Don't they?
Oh, I'm sorry, the oven mitts really freaked me out.
No, as soon as something opens up we'll move right in. Unless it doesn't have a pool, I need a pool. 
 Yeah, I feel great. 'Cause we're moving in together.
Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing.  Can I get some water?
 Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Yes. Yes! Fine! I am someone! You want me to say it? I have doubts!  I'm sorry! 
No, I really wanna live with you! I wanna move in with you!
Yes. Definitely! Yes! Let's live in an apartment that we both live in! 
Oh wait, one sec. One sec.  Hey you! Behind the glass! Who are you looking at! I've always wanted to say that when I was in one of these rooms,  which was never!
I like waking up with you too.  Oh! It's such a beautiful morning.  Oh, I can stay here all day.
 I am so sorry you got caught in the middle of that. I didn't mean to be so out there. I am furious with him!
I'm trying, but man that guy can push my buttons!
Look, I don't wanna talk about it. Okay?
You wanna be on my list too? Keep talking! Has anyone seem my list by the way?
Uh, it's a piece of paper and it says, "Ross" on it.
No! No, her cab! She probably won't be using it; you can drive it to Las Vegas.
Ooh, if you take the northern route there's a man in Illinois with a beard of bees. {Okay, I must protest this, I've lived in Illinois all my life and know of no man with a beard of bees! Wisconsin, on the other hand, might be a different story.}
But on the southern route there's a chicken that plays tic-tac-toe.
Oh, I know a way that you can decide! All right, I'm going to ask you a series of questions and you answer as quickly as you can.
Good, but wait. Okay, all right, here we go. Now I want you to relax. Take a deep breath. Clear your mind.  Which do you like better peanut butter or egg whites?
Which would you rather be a fireman or a swimmer?
Who would you rather sleep with Monica or Rachel?
Thanks a lot! I just got that jerk out of my mind!
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see you there.
Well, if you don't know I can't help you.
Oh no, I am mad at you. I know that much. But, I am sorry about the fat ass thing. You actually have a very sweet little hiney. 
That game should not be played without my supervision.
Ooh that is definitely Chandler, Joey, or Ross.  Or-or Rachel!
Oh that's my grandma.  And thanks Joey she's having a really great time. 
Okay Joey? Chandler's here, he was wondering...  Okay, I guess he ran out of change.
Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Oh my God, I remember now! We were playing chess!
Oh, come on! Yes, remember that time on the frozen lake? We were playing chess, you said I was boring, and then you took off your energy mask and you were Cameron Diaz!  Okay, there's a chance this may have been a dream.
Why? Just 'cause you're too lazy to get up off your touchie?
 Ooh, do you want to talk to Chandler?
 It's okay. What the hell took you so long?
Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
That is so weird! I had a dream that you'd have lunch with Richard.
Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Oh, I can't believe you guys lasted a whole year!
Awww! Now you're just my annoying friend Chandler.
Oh please, you are not gonna ditch again like you did with London.
Hey, you guys, listen, this weekend we're all gonna go to Las Vegas to surprise Joey! Including me!! You wanna go?!
Of course you can take a couple days off work because this trip includes me!
Oh yeah, so you can walk around naked.
Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
So, so far is this trip to Vegas better or worse than the trip to London?
Okay, what about after I give you these candies? 
Ah-ha! Okay,  Las Vegas 1, London 0! I'll be right back. 
 Oh good! All right, so you decided to tell him about the Richard thing.
Hey you guys wait! Guys!  This place is so much better than London! Okay? This lady dressed like Cleopatra gave me a coupon, 99 cent steak and lobster dinner. Huh!
For 99 cents, I'd eat you.  Okay, I can totally settle down here. It's got everything I could ever want, including Joey! Look!  Oh! Look! Hi!
Y'know Monica you had a minor setback in your relationship with Chandler. Big deal! It's only Chandler.  I am so sorry.
So go fix it! Go find Chandler! He's probably up in your room! Tell him that you're sorry and that you love him.
Ohh, you are so lucky!  Hey! So, where's Monica? Did you guys make up?
I wonder where she is. That is so weird.
Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Yes! Now, she feels terrible! She really wants to make up! You gotta find her.
 What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila?  and you're Bob Saget. 
That's like the third time that lady's won on a machine I was playing.
 Get out of here you lurker!  Go on! Get! 
Oh well, lost again.  That's it! You and me, outside! The
Be cool!  Okay lady, your lurking days are over! The
Yeah, from now on everyone you lurk, I'm gonna lurk first! You move on to someone else, I'm gonna be one step ahead of you, every single time! And then I'll be on your ass every hour of every day 'til Monday, because that's when I go home. When do you leave? The
What time? Maybe we can share a cab!
I won! I won! I finally won! The
How about we talk about this over dinner? The Security
No! No, you can't arrest me! No!! I won't go back! I won't go back to that hell hole!! The Security
 Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card?  Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B. Joey's Hand
Oh my God! May I just say that you two gentlemen have the exact same hands! They're identical! Now, I've never seen anything like that in the business world. Joey's Hand
No, you threw out Phoebe. I'm Ms. Regina Phalange. Phalange! The Security
 Hey! Don't you give me any of your-Hey! 
Well, maybe you wouldn't have had you  run in the chapel!
What's the big deal, y'know? It's not like it's a real marriage.
Yeah, if you get married in Vegas, you're only married in Vegas.
Oh Joey, I'm so sorry. You want some of my breakfast?
No, Joey! You borrowed my cab; you have to drive it back.
I don't know, it's such a long trip.
Are you asking me to have a frenaissance?
All right. Although I don't think we need one, I never stopped loving you. 
Um-hmm, yeah. They left me a message; they should be here any minute.
No, we were talking about tennis. Tennis is more believable. 
Hell, I'm drunk right now!  What? I can't have a mimosa with breakfast?! I'm on vacation!
You're thing. You're thing. Y'know? You're the guy who gets divorced.
Yes you do! This is your third divorce! You love divorce so much you're probably gonna marry it! Then it won't work out and you're gonna have to divorce it, divorcing guy.  I'm so drunk.
Okay, you have 19 questions left. Use them wisely.  Come on Joey! You can't win if you don't ask any  QUESTIONS!!!
Well, you promised me a fun road trip! We've been on the road six hours and you've been asleep for five and a half! We are switching at the next rest stop and you are going to drive all the way back! That will be your punishment, you greedy sleeper!
Yeah! And until then you are going to sing to me because the radio's broken and you are selfish but have a nice voice.
 How could you pick up a hitchhiker?! He could be a rape-, a rapist or a killer or something!
Y'know what? I'm not talking to you! You go back to sleep!  And you, are you a rapist?!
And I have your name and the fact that you're a drifter, so the ball's pretty much in your court.
Stop it! Stop it no! That's not fair! Y'know I can't resist that beautiful voice!
You can still sleep at night and stuff.
Okay. Is it a kind of hot sandwich?
 Wait! Wait! Hi! Listen, Ross can I just talk to you for just a second?
Oh, there's a cab! Taxi!!  Good timing, my God, huh? Here you go. 
Oh, the Angelica!! Go! Go!   You didn't get the annulment?!!
Don't be worried about that! Your tombstone can say whatever you want it to say! It could say, Ross Geller, Good at Marriage! Y'know? Mine's gonna say Phoebe Buffay, Buried Alive.
So okay what? You're gonna be married to a girl who doesn't even know about it?!-Op, woman! Sorry.
Rachel is one of my closest friends.  Although, being the only one who knows anything about this does makes me feel special. Okay! 
Sorry, mix up. Hey, how was the movie?
Well then you'd better hurry! The Angelica! Go! Go! 
Ooh! That's good! Wow! But now if you were pregnant, what would you name it?
Wow! Big day huh? People moving in, people getting annulled... 
Hmm, something bad to tell Rachel... Bad news for Rachel, what could that be?!
Ross, it's not that big a deal! So you'll been divorced three times, you'll still have a life, you'll go on dates...
Ross, you're being ridiculous! Okay? You are cute and smart and sweet and that is much more important than three stupid divorces!
Y'know that's really fair. Y'know? Most guys who have been divorced three times are like 60. Ross, nobody cares about this except you! This-this embarrassment thing is all in your head! Here, I'll show you! Come here.
 Hi! Hi! Listen, my friend Ross is about to be divorced for the third time, but wouldn't you date him?
Okay, so what do you think ladies? Who wouldn't be interested? Who wouldn't want to date him?
Okay, what about you?  Wouldn't you want a date?
 She said, "He's obviously still in love with this Rachel girl." 
Well, I thought you loved her when you-when you married her.
Hey! You could do a lot worse than Joey Tribbiani!!
Yes, and now he's using this three divorces reason because he wants to stay married to her because he loves her. I must say, "Well done!" Bravo Meg.
I've never been more convinced of your love for her.
Okay umm, well, first Chandler and Monica will get married and be filthy rich by the way. Yeah. But it won't work out.
I know. Then, I'm gonna marry Chandler for the money and you'll marry Rachel and have the beautiful kids.
But then we ditch those two and that's when we get married. We'll have Chandler's money and Rachel's kids and getting custody will be easy because of Rachel's drinking problem.
Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes! 
Well, that would be great but then what do we do about Denise?
Maybe because you never listen to anything that I say. I talk about her all the time! DENISE!!!!!
So, what did Rachel say when you told her you were still married to her?
Of course not, because you're in love with her.
Ah-ha! A classic sign of love, the hug!
Okay, just tell me this, did you or did you not smell her hair?
Ninety percent of a women's pheromones come out the top of her head! That's why, that's why women are shorter. So that men will fall in love when they hug them!  Oh come on Ross, you're a scientist.
 Okay, whatever you say. But just be careful, all right? Rachel's not in the same place you are.
Okay, I didn't understand that, but y'know, maybe that's 'cause you were speaking the secret language of love! 
Wait, no, look at this!   "Two bedroom, two bath, must be non-smoker, Satan worshipers okay..." Oh, yeah, but it's on the ground floor.
Umm, I'm talking about that which you already know but won't admit. You love her again; you re-love her!
I can't believe you won't just admit it!  Okay, just promise me that you won't do anything stupid.
Wow! I'm-I'm so happy for you guys.  This is so-so, not stupid.
No. No, I won't. But I should tell you this, this exact same thing happened to my roommate Denise. She moved in with a guy who was secretly married to her and he said he didn't love her, but he really did, and it just blew up! And that's how she ended up living with me!   Okay, that's a lie.
 I found you in my bed! ????????????????????????? How'd you whined up there? ????????????????????????? You are a mystery!????????????????????????? Little black curly hair!????????????????????????? Little black curly hair!????????????????????????? Little black, little black, little black, little black, little black curly hair............ 
Now if you want to receive e-mails about my upcoming shows, then please give me money so I can buy a computer.
That she's gonna move in with you and maybe then she'll fall in love with you and then when she finds out you're already married, she'll just be happy. Y'know? You're just, you're very sad.
Oh! Yeah, y'know you and Ross are still married.
Well, she told me that I'm gonna die this week, so I'm kinda bummed about that.
Yeah, and I know you guys don't know a lot about psychic readings, but that one is pretty much the worse one you can get.
I don't-she said y'know that I'd have triplets! But she also said one of them would be black.
No, 'cause she didn't tell me I was gonna die until the very end of the session, and I was not gonna waste a whole another hour there! I mean I've only got a week left, y'know? I've really gotta start living now! , leans back, and starts reading.)
Oh, this is it. This what's gonna kill me.
Ugh, it's so exhausting waiting for death. Ohh, by the way, do you think you could-
I was preparing you for my-didn't you think I was dead? Did that not come off?
Yeah, thanks. And listen, can you do me a favor? Could you just umm, wake me up in a couple hours, y'know if you can. 
No, we can go together! Just don't wait too long though, okay? 'Cause I'm outta here sometime before Friday.
No-no, it'll be fun! We can come back and we can haunt these guys!
Listen to this! My reading was wrong, I'm not going die!
Because my psychic is dead! She must've read the cards wrong!
Eh, better her than me! Hey, let's bake cookies!
We're just celebrating that Joey got his health insurance back.
Okay, this is inexcusable. I am shocked to my very core!
 Oh, good, good, you guys are here! Listen, how would like to spend tomorrow taking care of three incredibly cute little puppies?!
Okay, well I'll bring them by tomorrow morning. Okay, and uh, by the way, they're not actually puppies, they're Frank and Alice's triplets. Okay, see ya! 
 Please! Please! Please! Please! Oh please! Please! Please! Frank and Alice asked me to baby sit the triplets and I'm nervous 'cause I've never done that before by myself!
What about me? I just found out that Denise is leaving town for a while, I don't have a roommate.
Umm, she said she'd be back December 26th.
 I'm doing okay. I think it's going well. Do you think they're having fun? Am I talking to fast?
Na-uh, no, we are all responsible for our own babies.
That sounds really great, but maybe you should be in charge of wiping.
Yeah?  Well this is not what I ordered.
I don't know why I was so nervous about this. And I don't know why Frank and Alice are always complaining. This is so easy.
No Chandler, they can swallow one of those little parts! And also, look at his smooth area, that's just gonna mess them up.
Oh, look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
Yeah, but only a genius would swallow a sonic blaster gun.
What?! No, you can't, you can't leave me here with them! We're baby-sitting!
But you-you can't leave me with them! We-we're a team! We're playing a zone! They're gonna triple team me!
But no, because a doctor won't be able to help him, it's just gonna y'know naturally pass through his system in like seven years.
A real man wouldn't just run to the hospital!  No! What would, what would Krog do? 
Me taking care of you is no problem, huh? You guys feel safe. Right? Okay, I'm gonna take that spit bubble as, "Yeah, I do!" Okay, after I get rid of this dirty diaper Leslie, I'll set you up with a clean one.  Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare you. I just have to clean that up. Okay? 'Cause let's face it, we're at Monica's.  I broke it. All right. Well, that's just the way that goes.  Okay, good.  Why are there only two of you? Where is Leslie? Well, you can't answer.  Leslie? Where are you Leslie? Leslie, now would be a good time for your first words!  Well, look at you! Hey! You are a little bit mischievous! My gosh!  Oh, you're a lot mischievous! Well, it'll dry.   Okay, you sit with your brother and sister now-who aren't there!  
Okay, so I totally took care of the babies all by myself! I fed 'em, bathed 'em, and put 'em to bed.
I did it! I took care of the babies all by myself!
So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
Well, how much do you think he needs?
Why don't you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you it's not your birthday! 
Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
My God, I can't get a minute of peace around this place. 
Oh my God! Monica's just gonna kill you.
Well, what you're wearing is fine for that.
Hurry! Monica's gonna make you pack! She's got jobs for everyone! Now, it's too late for me, but save your selves! 
You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time...  You don't remember?
Well, this doesn't have to be so sad though. Y'know? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much you're gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things you're not gonna miss.
Good that's a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Y'know? Does Rachel move the phone pen?
Okay, good. There you go. Doesn't anyone feel better?
Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations.  Commercial Break ?
Well, one of you has to take the first step! And it should be you, because she's the one who's leaving. It's harder for her!
Okay, you guys. You guys I think I know what's going on here. Okay, you guys... STOP!!  I know that, I know that you're acting mad because you think that it'll make it easier to leave. But deep down you're still really sad. Deep-deep down.
Hey you guys, I don't mean to make things worse, but umm, I don't want to live with Rachel anymore. Monica and
You're just so mean to each other! And I don't want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
That's nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Okay Rachel, I can't wait to live with you! And you know what we should do? Bring Monica and then we could all live there together! We'll have so much fun!!
Oh that's right. You're still set on that?
Yeah, I know because you have all the good words. What do I get? I get "it's," "and" oh I'm sorry, I have "A." Forget it.
All right, wait just one more second. Hi, it's Phoebe and Rachel's. Please leave a message, thanks!
Uh-huh. You've met your match Rachel Green. Opening Credits ?
I have to tie my shoe, so you go ahead, I'll catch up.
Okay.  Come on! That's not running! Let's go!  
 Hi! Oh yeah, uh-huh, it's me. I saw you grab your running shoes this morning and sneak out. You lied so you could run by yourself.
But people that you don't know and will never see again.
Well, I didn't get embarrassed running next to Miss . But no, okay. No, no, I can see why running with me would be embarrassing to you. Yeah, okay. You're uptight.
That's okay Rachel. I'm not judging you; that's just who you are. Me. I'm more free y'know? I run like I did when I was a kid, cause that's the only way it's fun. Y'know, I mean didn't you ever run so fast you thought your legs were gonna fall off? Y'know, like when you were like running towards the swings or running away from Satan?  The neighbor's dog.
See? And you don't care if people are staring, it's just for a second cause then you're gone!
I'm, uhh, making up flyers trying to get new massage clients. So, can I come to Bloomingdale's and use the copy machine.
 You've lasted a whole year. Good for you.
Now you will not believe this. But, I was in the copy room, making copies, and Ralph Lauren came in.
Yeah a little. He seems really nice. Good kisser.
Yeah. I was just in there. He introduced himself and the next thing I know, we're making out. You know.
What am I supposed to do? Ask every guy I make out with if he's married?  No, yeah, I should.
That's not Ralph Lauren. Sounds like him though.
Yeah, no, Ralph doesn't look anything like that guy. He's-he's young and he's got long hair and a beard and a hacky sack.
Why would the copy guy say he was Ralph Lauren?
Hello. Oh good. Ross could you put up some of these flyers for me?  OH!! Demon!! Demon!!
But why didn't you just tell her the truth.
Well, hey, what if Kenny were the real brains behind the whole company? You know. What if Kenny hired that Ralph Lauren guy to be the pretty front man? Huh, did she ever think of that?
Well, the only thing you can do. Sleep with Ralph Lauren.
Wow, that sounds great! And what are you making Monica, in case Rachel?s dessert is... so good that I eat all of it. There?s none left for anybody else! 
And who else is going to be there?
Yeah, and-and leaving us to go see hot dancer girls is not very Thanksgivingy.
Rach, Rach, I just remembered. I had a dream about Mr. Geller last night.
Yeah, I dreamt that he saved me from a burning building and he was so brave and so strong! And it?s making me look at him totally differently. Y?know, I mean he used to be just, y?know ?Jack Geller Monica and Ross?s dad? and now he?s he?s ?Jack Geller, dream hunk." 
Okay, look at him. Look at those strong hands. Oh what I wouldn?t give to be that can of  condensed milk.  
So, now, Rach, this is a traditional English trifle, isn?t it?
Wow. So then did you make it with beef or Eggplant?
I can?t have any. You know I don?t eat meat.  Ohhh no. 
Rachel, come here.  Okay, I was just starting to take my Thanksgiving nap, and I had another dream about Jack.
I dunno, let?s see! So, okay, I dreamt that we were gonna get married, and he left, becuz he had to go fight a fire. And, um, so okay, I went to a night club, and I saw him making out with a girl.
Yeah, but then Jacques Cousteau came and he kicked his ass for betraying me! It was soo cool! Then, he took me diving and he introduced me to his pet seahorse, who, by the way, was totally coming on to me, and please, that is not gonna happen.  Mr.
Five minutes ago, a line like that would?ve floored me. Now nothing. Well, not nothing, I am still a woman. 
Yeah, Chandler why don't you take a walk? This doesn't concern you.
No, yeah, we never find them! She's always best at us that wily minx.
Yeah, and you have nothing to worry about 'cos they're all crap!
Oh, okay, I'm sorry, thank you for my azzz.
Y'know, birds have a very good sense of direction, and I thought maybe they could help us find where the presents are hidden.
Or we could just follow your clever jokes - any ideas? No! Didn't think so! Okay, c'mon guys, show us where the presents are!
Oh yes, I see what you mean. That look is priceless. 
She's made it pretty clear, it is not going to happen.
 Ooh, what a great table! Where-where did you get it?
Wow! Oh you can just imagine that this is where  they kept all the stuff to make their potions.
Y'know? Ooh, you can almost smell the opium.
Ohh, okay, they gave you the old time pricing.
Yes, yes I do. God, oh it's just perfect! Wow! I bet it has a great story behind it too. Did they tell you anything? Like y'know where it was from or...
 White Plains. Oh, it sounds like such a magical place.
You bought your sheets at a flea market? Ross come on, you gotta loosen the purse strings a little.
Wow! Oh my God, well if they've ripped off our table ours must be much more than one and fifty dollars!
Oh Ross, calm down, I'll give you the 80 cents. 
 Oh Ross no. Be careful, that is very old! Okay? Early Colonial bird merchants used to bring their birds to market in that.
 Another amazing find! Wow! Oh I bet this has a great story too!
Yeah no, I'm telling you Rachel has such a great eye for this stuff. Ross, y'know if you ever decide you need to redecorate-And I think that you should. You should, you should ask Rachel to help.
Oh, come on! I think he's ready to get rid of, what did you call it? The cheap knock-offs and dinosaur junk.
Well at least I got these sheets for Ross.
No! Look-look! There's the coffee table they stole from us!
That fan kinda looks like ours. And the birdcage and the...wait a sec! This is our exact living room!
Oh my God. This is where you got all our stuff, Pottery Barn! Oh my God!
No-no-no, but I am mad! I am mad! Because this stuff is everything that is wrong with the world! And it's all sitting up in my living room and all I can think about is how I don't have that lamp!
I can't! I can't! Unless... Well are you saying that-that you would move out if-if I didn't buy that lamp?
But are you saying that you would move out if I didn't buy that lamp?
Okay then I don't have a choice! I have to buy that lamp!
But at least the apothecary table is real.
Oh, I want to look too! . Yikes!
Oh, yeah. Aw, remember the days when you used to go out to the barn, lift up your shirt, and bend over? Rachel and
Fine. The reason that I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is just that you're ... just ... kinda high maintenance-Okay let's go to lunch!
No, okay, you're right. You're easy-going. You're just not as easy-going as Rachel. She's just more flexible and-and mellow. That's all.
Ya, you know, Rachel ... she'll do whatever you want. Y'know, you can just walk all over her.
Hey, I never got to hear who you guys would pick to be your girlfriend.
Oh I do!  Oh, y'know what? No.  Wait a second.  I know it's in here somewhere.
 Which-which sister is this? Is this the spoiled one or that's bitter?
Seriously, I don't Rachel's gonna think it's a good idea.
Oh well, all right, I got   thank you, I got uh, this y'know "I want a job sweater." 
And, and then I got uh, these are apartment pants.
What about, what about when I said y'know about the apartment pants, how dumb was I? 
 Okay-okay, why don't I sit here and you'll both stop it!
Umm, I think there's something you should maybe know.
No. No. It's just I was umm, I was with Ross and Jill after you left and umm, I'm pretty sure I saw a little spark between them.
Yeah I mean it's probably nothing, but I just wanted to warn you that there might be something there.
But great news about the apartment pants, huh?
Oh y'know what's sadder than this? Bambi. I cried for three days with that movie. No wait two! Because on the third day my mother killed herself so I was partly crying for that.
Oh you're my biggest fan? I've always wanted to meet you! Hi!  Sure! Yeah!  The
You're just saying that because you're my biggest fan.   Joey listen, take good care of that guy, okay?  He's a fan.  Bye! 
 Hey! What's up?  Oh my God! What am I doing?!! Commercial Break ?
Look, I'm talking right now! You're-you mean her.
No!! No way! No! And stop using my name! And shame on you!  And shame on all of you! You're disgusting! Especially you  with that! 
So, I just came from the company Ursula works for.
No! No! I just went to pick up Phoebe Buffay's checks; there were a lot of them.
Um-mmm, and I won't have to go there anymore because I gave them my correct address.
Oh no! No! I know how to handle it.
Yeah.   You're trying to figure out where you know me from? All right, I'll give you a hint. From porn! Okay?  Yeah your pervert boyfriend watched me in a porno movie!  See?
What if I had taken that job at Merrill Lynch?
Yeah, I had a massage client who worked there and-and he said I had a knack for stocks.
Because at that time you see, I thought everything that rhymed was true. So I thought y'know that if I'd work with stocks, I'd have to live in a box, and only eat lox, and have a pet fox.
Ohh that's so sweet!  Oh! Hang on!  Hang onnnnnn!!!   Go!! No! No-no! I said sell when it hits 50! 5-0, it's a number! It comes after 4-9!! No, it's okay. It's okay, you're allowed one mistake. Just kidding, you are of course fired. 
Hang on! Hang on! Hang on!  Go!! Who's this?  Oh okay, you're gonna like working for me. What's your name?  What kind of name is Brendy? I... Whatever... Stop talking! All right, from now on your name is Joan. You can pick your own last name.
No! There-there was a little, a little diff in the market and I lost 13 million dollars.
What am I gonna do?! What am I gonna do?! I can't call my office they'll kill me! I can't call my clients they'll kill themselves! Great, now my chest hearts.
 My chest hurts! Oh, and now I-I can't breathe.
Oh, if I were, would-would I have shooting pains up and down my left arm?
Most people don't like their jobs, I love my job! I have not been working for three hours and I'm already going crazy. I miss Joan.
Still going through that dry spell with Carol?
How long has it been since you had sex?
Maybe you need to spice things up a little.
I don't know. You could tie her up, she could tie you up; you could eat stuff off each other...
Roll playing... You could be the warden; she could be the prisoner. You could be the pirate; she could be the wench!
Yeah! Or too, you could be two stockbrokers and you're-you're-you're rolling around naked on the trading floor and everybody's watching!  It never happened.
Oh yeah, the doctor said that could be one of the side effects.
No! It's not a cigarette! The smoke is coming out of me!
Was it my work? Were they mad? Was it Jack? Did he yell?!
Well, I've got to get out of this bed, I'm going crazy here. Crazy!
What the hell is this, herbal tea? I hate herbal tea!
What are you two girls whispering about over there?!
Okay, what is this? A stupid contest? Because we got a winner here! 
I know! But if I didn't work there, what else would I do?
Yeah that was lucrative! Smart like your brother!
Hmm, pulling in a salary in the high six figures or rubbing gross naked people for chump change-ooh, what do I do?! What will I do?!
I thought I'd try to take a walk. Would you pour me some water? I'll be back soon.
Let's go! Come on! Move it!  Come on!  Shoes! Briefcase!  Thanks Lou, good luck with the gall bladder.  
All better! Back to work! Except this clown from research told me I was fired. He should do his research, huh?
Oh, okay I didn't get that message. So this doesn't count-Anyway, I'll be in my office.
That's all right, I'll work here. This is goo, next to this plant. 
You're in my office! Look, I have made a lot of cash for this company! Okay? I am talking big bucks! Pesos! Yen! Rubles! You make one little mistake...
Oh, so this is all about money! Y'know it's bad enough that-Ow! Oh, you have got to be kidding!
Well, they fired me and I'm having heart attack.
Or, y'know, I used to beg for money. Of course it helps if you've got y'know a little of this  goin' on. Wow! I still have it!
Ohh! We went to a self-defense class today!
Yeah it is! It is! It's freshwater eel!
 Come on Ross. We're sorry. Please tell us what it is.
You mean in case someone is trying to steal your bamboo sleeping mat or your kettle of fish? 
Ooh, Joey, that's actually a really good idea!
Oh, I love paper mache! What did you make?
Ohh! I have! I have! I started making these little sock bunnies!  Oh for crying out loud!
Coming through!  Oh! Coming through!  Oh! Hello! Hi!  No! Right! Coming through! 
Oh, it's bad. It's really bad. The only thing in there that isn't burned is an ass. Which I do not remember buying!
No, not usually. But yeah, I could use one right now. Fireman
Yes! I do! All the time! I love them! Oh my God! I did it! It's me! It's me! I burned down the house! I burned down the house!
Well, since the fire was kinda my fault I guess  you should get to stay here.
Well no, it was my fault so you should get the nice room.
Yeah I know, it was my candle. My candle! Fireman
What the smell from Joey's? No, I can hardly smell it over here.
I can smell it a little, bake the pie.
Well, not much has changed in the last five minutes.
Oh that's all right. I'm still full from your homemade potato chips.
 Listen umm, yeah okay, I need to talk to you!
Now I know that they said that the umm, the hair straightener started the fire but I think I'm partly at fault. You see, I didn't, I didn't tell you but umm, but I-I had recently refilled the tissues and so y'know let's just face it, that's just kindling! So I think it's better that I stay at Joey's.
Okay. Oh umm, Chandler, Monica is looking for you.
 Okay, you have to switch with me! Monica is driving me crazy!
No but at Monica's you can eat cookies over the sink!
All right fine! This looks like so much fun. 
Well, what kind of guy are you looking for?
Y'know, this is probably none of my business, but weren't you guys supposed to not be seen in public together?
 Okay, I got a good one. Okay, umm, what is she? Like 12?
Okay, I just thought of the perfect guy for Rachel to take to her thing.
Oh that's good, I guess she'll have a choice between my guy and your weirdo.
My guy is a lawyer who has volunteer work. And, he has one of these 
Well my guy is spectacular. Okay? He's a massage client and one time umm, when he was on the table, I looked at it. And I mean all of it.
Oh yeah, like there are police for that!
You ask us to find you a guy and you come traipsing in here with your own!
Yeah and I-I found you one too who is not a weirdo.
So, Sebastian, do you do any volunteer work?
No reason, it's just I know a single guy that cares about other people.
Yeah, y'know what I noticed Rachel? He scares easy. Is that the kind of guy you'd like to take to a ball? "Hey Sebastian, would you like to dance?"  "Uhh, okay-I gotta go!"
Yeah! What have you got to lose? Y'know you might even end up with someone really special  if you pick my guy.
Ooh, technically you owe me $600 for sending out happy thoughts on your last ten auditions.
Ross, you can't tell her not to go. You just started dating.
Nothing, you just have to be cool with it.
 Oh my God, you're right! I am too late; they're sitting on the couch and talking!  Come on!  Rachel?
Yeah, this is the guy I was telling you about.
Yeah. And believe me, this suit does not do justice to what's underneath it.
Oh! Okay! Yeah, that's okay.  Have a seat. 
Rachel? Patrick is really rich.  Give her some money.
Rachel, we're sorry for pushing those guys on you.
You've got to get out of here! Save yourself!
Don't worry about me, I'm a robot! I'm just a machine!!
 No, I mean I was really acting my ass off.
Oh yeah, you're solid. Yeah, you're just no me.
 Fine! I'll do it without you!  I don't need you or anybody else! I'm gonna make it on my own!  You'll see!! You'll all see!! Opening Credits ?
  Gooood luck! Gooood luck! We all wish you good luuuuuuuuck!!!
? Well, he came in for a massage and everything was fine until... 
? And all of the sudden his hands weren't the problem anymore. 
? Oh, Boy Scouts could've camped under it! 
Oh!? All right.? Now, let's not do this! 
Happy thoughts!? Happy thoughts! This leads to wrestling on the floor. This finally angers Phoebe.)
OK, now I'm gonna kick some ass.  Monica and
Alright, now I will let go if you both stop.
There we go.You know what, if we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches. 
 I can't! My circuits are fried! They're fried I tell you!!
I thought you were excellent! In fact for a minute there I was like, "Ooh, where'd Ross go?"
No, I'm just deciding which one to use-I'm gonna start writing another book!
Well, if you must know I have written 14 books. And as I am the only one who has read them, I can tell you that they all have been very well received.
Oh, Rachel and I have appointments to get our hair cut.
I want to see what he wants first.
You're Elizabeth's father, huh? I can see now where she gets her rugged handsomeness.
 You guys, I'm sorry, could you please talk a little slower?
Yeah, it's about relationships. Y'know? The traps, the pitfalls, what not to do, keep going. This stuff is great!
And how none of it matters when the people really love each other.  And how people will believe anything you tell them as long as it's a compliment.
Well, why don't you just get him fired?
I'm not writing about you! I'm writing about other people.
Ooh, I have tasted my own medicine and it is bitter!
Well actually, I know what time Chester and Marcia said.
Quite an interesting turn of events, suddenly it's my book to the rescue, huh?  Ooh, very interesting. Yeah, well this certainly clears things up.
I will tell you as soon as you thank me for writing my book.
 Mon...  Marcia and Chester are planning on seeing a movie on Sunday night. Marcia thinks they're supposed to meet at six, Chester thinks it's at seven.
Well it's just-it's one of those situations that I just hate. Y'know? A massage client gave me three tickets to the Helmet-Pelts exhibit at the Morgan Chase museum.
No! No! It's just that he gave me three tickets and there are six of us!
Great! Okay then it's just us girls! Monica and
It's mostly just photographs of lesbian love scenes interspersed with video games and free sandwiches.
Oh, this is so exciting! You get your picture back up on the wall of fame! Eek!
 Ohh, okay maybe they put your picture back up they can put you next to Matt Lauer. Look at him, smiling at me.  Yeah I know; we'd be great together! 
So umm, now do you have any of Matt Lauer's clothes here? Maybe? Just ones that haven't been cleaned yet? 
Oh wow. What, do you think maybe he's gonna tell you that he's gay?
No reason! That would just be a really big surprise, right?  The Museum
Yeah, but there's a two-year wait. And then what if you get engaged in two years and then you got to wait another two years for this place. That's four years. Chandler's not gonna wait that long. He's gonna find somebody else, y'know? Someone, someone who did put their name on the list. 
I don't know, I don't have anyone right now. Y'know?
Don't feel too sorry for me. At least my boyfriend isn't gay.
Well for the regular guy, it's bad, but Chandler, Oh dear God!
Oh! Here it is!  Ooh, Joey! Why did you sign it, "Son of a bitch?" 
I can't believe you're gonna ask Monica to marry you!
Yeah well, once again not knocking pays off. I only wish you hadn't been on the toilet.
Hey! So Chandler, wanna go to the coffeehouse?
That's easy! You just have to think of him as a-as a jar of pickles that won't open.
No that's what you do when you want to get the truth out of someone.
I didn't do it! It was Chandler! He's... He's mad at you!
Come on Ross, you're a paleontologist, dig a little deeper.
Do you think that's something that he'd be mad at you for?
Oh, if that's what you want you then you really should run his head under hot water and bang his head against a table.
Okay, so maybe you don't get her a ring. Maybe you-maybe you do something different. Y'know? Maybe you get her an engagement bracelet, y'know? Or an engagement tiara? Or-ooh! An engagement Revolutionary War musket! 
Huh? Can you just imagine getting down on one knee and handing her this gorgeous piece of weaponry?
 Wait a minute, no, this is, this is the reason you brought me. Okay? I know how to haggle. So let me handle this from here on out. Male
Chandler, I-I will handle this!  How much is it? Male
Okay.  Listen, I'm sorry about before. Do you have anything her for $10. Male
Okay umm, I'd also like to try on the tiara.  Oh yeah. Okay.   What do you think, too much? Male
Okay. Then, take the tiara back and let me hold the musket again.  Something's missing. It's not... Okay oh, let me see the ring my friend picked out. Male
Oh my God!!  No! What?! Help me! Let me out! Now!  Commercial Break ?
Oh my God Chandler, the one you picked is gone. It's over!
Some guy bought it. I'm sorry. I tired to stop it but they  put me in jail!
I know, I'm sorry! But y'know, this ring is better! Monica never even saw the other ring.
It's not a stupid gumball machine looking ring! It's a beautiful ring!
Okay. There may be a way that we can get the other ring back. 'Cause I heard the guy tell the jeweler where he was going to propose. So maybe we can get him to trade rings or something.
Well you certainly can't give her that stupid gumball ring.
Wow! You're good! After this, we should solve crimes.
Oh, okay.  Excuse me sir? Could you come with me please? You have a phone call.
Yeah, do you want to break a dying woman's heart?
Yes, and it is my dying wish to have that ring. See, if I'm not buried with that ring then my spirit is going to wander the nether world for all eternity...
Oh I know, I helped pick out the ring. 
If she says no, can I have the ring?
Y'know, you are 12 years older than her.
No, I know what a silent is I meant, what's going on with your hair?
You just can't stand anyone else enjoying themselves can't you? Mr.
Because the more I drink, the less there is for the kids to drink. Mr.
It's a trip for two!  Excuse me.  Excuse me, is the person who won the Paris trip at this table? Emil
Ohh, let me see it! Let me see your hand! 
I wanna see what's in your hand. I wanna see the trash.
Eww! Oh, it's all dirty. You should throw this out.
Well, a palm reader, a manicurist, a hand doctor...
Look, she only suspects something okay? She doesn't know for sure, so just throw her off the track.
Yeah! Yeah! Convince her that-that you're scared of commitment! Convince her that you're a little coward!
No, you're too late!!! She already took out the trash!!!
I know, they're gonna be so happy together.
Yep, we shook on it. Yeah but believe me that is not how he wanted to seal the deal.
Ohh, yeah. I think his exact words were... 
Of course I can! It's just good sense to backup your backup! Look, I've already lost Chandler!
I don't-Look I don't know what you're complaining about now? You were both aware of the situation! 
Okay, this kind of back talk is not gonna fly when we're married!
All right well let's see, Ross is a good father, but Joey has a boat-This is hard!
No wait! Just-Okay-Just wait! You guys! Wait you guys! Don't make any rash decisions, okay? Just remember my promise, when we get married, three times a week.
Oh no wait no, this is wrong! Ross isn't here!
Oh no, let her stay out there. It?s sweet. 
So have you decided on a band for the wedding? Because, y?know, I?m kinda musical.
Well speaking of chiming in, remember the time you burned down my apartment?
Check it out. Okay, I can play this when the guests are coming in. Okay.  "First time I met Chandler, I thought he was gay. But here I am singing on his wedding day!"
If you would?ve let me finish, it goes on to say that he?s probably not gay.
I?m sorry, but I just wrote the best dance song for your wedding. Check this out. 
Really?! Oh that?s so exciting! Thank you! Thanks Mon! Oh but Mon, if you touch my guitar again I?ll have to pound on you for a little bit.
You guys kissed!!!!! What does this mean?!! Are you, are you getting back together?! Can I sing at your wedding?
What a great night, Chandler can?t do it, these guys kissed? 
Okay, so The Plaza! Okay, we?ll get us some Mai Thai?s,  maybe no more for you though.
 Yeah?  Okay, I think I?ll play it at the wedding.
Well, I don?t think Monica is gonna take this away.
Okay, you said I could sing at your wedding so, I?m just gonna need a small deposit.
Y?know, just some good faith money to hold the date.
Yeah! And if you wanna look 19, then you? You gotta do something about your eyes.
They give you away! There?s just-there?s just too much wisdom in there.  Just put some tea bags on there for like 15 minutes.
 "Whenever I get married, guess who won?t get to sing? Somebody named Geller! And somebody else named Bing!" 
 "We thought Phoebe would leave, but she just stayed and stayed. That?s right, I?m here all night, and Chandler will never get l?"
That is so smart!  Break it off. Break it off now. Opening Credits
I need to talk to you, it's pretty urgent. It's about Monica and Chandler.
Well, umm, not much. But, I was just thinking that since those guys just got engaged that maybe it would be nice if they had some privacy, y'know? So, could I just move in with you for a couple days?
Oh yeah it is! I'm going to the movies and it starts in like five minutes.
 Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so rude. Does anyone want to come to the movies?
I'm sorry, I'm with a client right now.
What's the big deal? I did it at Monica and Chandler's!
 Okay, well Ross, what is this really about?
Okay, I will find someplace else to do the rest of my appointments. I just don't know what the big deal is!
Look, why don't you just pay for it yourself?
Wow, money and a firm hand. Finally a Chandler I can get on board with.
 Ross! How could you do that to an old man?!
My massage client, Arthur? His daughter called and said that some guy that worked for me gave him a really weird massage this afternoon.
He said you poked at him with wooden spoons.
Well, he's never coming back! Okay? You just cost me eight dollars a week!
Oh, it's my fault?! You didn't have to massage him! You could've sent him away! You could've not rolled Tonka trucks up and down his back!
So what do you guys want for an engagement present?
Not unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.
You mean the one that my grandmother made me swear on her deathbed that I would never let out of our family?
If you don?t sail your boat, what do you do on it?
I just went to my old apartment to get you the-the cookie recipe and the stupid fire burned it up!
 Because I?m normal! That was the one legacy my grandmother left me, and I know you wanted it as an engagement present.
Okay, here I wish you health and happiness. 
See no-no, I made a batch and I froze it, and this is the only one left.
I can?t believe that! Now the only thing left of my grandmother?s legacy is this crumb.  I wish you a long and happy marriage.
Come on, it?s not that big a deal!
Oh, what was that for? Like a bake sale?
Yeah, but not as good as batch 17.
Are there anymore from the good batch? ?Cause we could just work off of those.
Y?know, I bet it would actually make my grandmother very happy to know that we?re trying to figure out her recipe. I bet she?s l-l-lookin? up at us and smiling right now.
Oh yeah?No, she was really nice to me, but she?s in hell for sure.
Oh no-no, no, I made a promise to myself that the next time I would talk to Ursula would be over my dead body. And that?s not happening ?til October 15th, 2032.
Well, y?know I may have relatives in France who would know. My grandmother said she got the recipe from her grandmother, Nesele Tolouse.
Oh, you Americans always butcher the French language.
I know! You see it is stuff like this which is why  you?re burning in hell!!
I don?t know. I don?t know. I can?t lie to him again. Oh no I?no! I?m just gonna press my breasts up against him.
Come on you know what to do! You hire the first one! You don?t hire an assistant because they?re cute, you hire them because they?re qualified.
Let?s see.  Oh my God! Oh? But no! No! You can?t-you can?t hire him, because that?it?s not professional. Umm, this is for me  yes? Thanks. 
Oh, you like that? You should hear my phone number.
So you hired yourself a little treat did ya?
But-but you know you cannot get involved with your assistant.
Oh my God! That?s the creep that you?re with at the Statue of Liberty.
Hey, why don?t you guys go, get portraits done by a professional photographer.
Yeah that?s great! Next to that, Chandler won?t look so stupid.
 Hey you guys, Hums While He Pees just asked me out!
He is! But he?s getting divorced?Ross! Maybe you know him.
You don?t have to be back for a half-hour!
So you wouldn?t mind if he was dating someone else?
I?m having a really good time! Hums While He
Ohh. No that?s okay, he?s a friend. Hums While He
Yeah, I? Well y?know I-I mean I missed the-the semi-finals, so I?d just be lost. Hums While He
Okay, don?t freak out. I?ll go. Hums While He
Yeah, umm that?s Whitney , Kyle?s ex-wife out there, now do you think that you can y?know divert her so that we can slip out?
Well okay but I have two tickets to the ballroom dance finals. 
All right, well I just wanted to say thank you though for diverting Kyle?s ex.
 Kyle?s ex-wife? You were supposed to divert her not date her!
Well look-look, okay Ross, Kyle just told me some really bad stuff about her.
Like she?s really mean, and she?s over critical, and-and?No! She will paint a room a really bright color without even checking with you!
Well, didn?t you just hear what I said?!
You see? Nothing is good enough for her!
So, how are things going with crazy? Has she cooked your rabbit yet?
Yeah well, maybe she should?ve spent a little less time decorating and a little more time in the bedroom.
Well, maybe he wouldn?t be she didn?t bring the office home every night!
Yeah well, she certainly knew what she was doing New Year?s Eve 1997.
Oh, I?m sorry. Is that annoying? And speaking about being selfish in bed, how?s Whitney?
What about her whining and her constant need for attention?!
Oh right, because you?re so capable of change.
Yeah, and y?know what? I don?t give a tiny rat?s ass.
Oh. Y?know, he hums while he does other stuff to.
And y?know, even if they break up again, you?d better not let him in your sad men?s club!
Yeah, I?ll do that. So who gets to be yours?
Aww, and good luck to you too!  What a nice lady! Opening Credits
Umm, when I get married will you be my maid of honor?
Because this one is now! And-and it?s two of our best friends! Who knows what you?re gonna marry!
 You wouldn?t! Okay look, Rachel I know you really want to do this, but I-I?ve never been maid of honor to anyone before! And I know you?ve done it at least twice!
And no, oh please, oh please let me finish.  Oh I guess that was it.
See? This is exactly why you shouldn?t lie!
Okay, so after this audition, who decides who gets it?
Hey! Do you want do you want a little taste of Pheebs?!
Okay, I can?t believe that Monica and Chandler are getting married. I remember talking about this day with Rachel while we were showering together, naked.  
 Rach, it?s gonna be okay!  You guys are the best!
That?s ridiculous Rachel, we were all babies once.  Oh, you mean today.
Y?know Rach, I think that, I think you should be Monica?s made of honor.
Because I think it means more to you.
Its fine. I mean, this is something that you?ve been thinking about since you were what, 14? 
Well, we just decided that Rachel is gonna be your maid of honor.
She is so amazing! You have no idea.
Joey, she?s so cool. She speaks four languages.
Yay!! Oh so, you?re not, you?re not mad at us anymore?
Yeah, you mean like that you?re kind of a loner.
Oh well, I guess Italian isn?t one of the four languages you speak.
Oh really? She said she wants to go away with you?
Hey Joey, y?know what? You are way to good for her.
Oh, I got tired of naming states. So I decided to list the types of celery, and I have
Hey you guys I'm gonna go out and take a walk.
It's just my knitting that's all!  Yes! I knit this. I'm very good.
 They're here already? How are they doing this?
No that's just me coughing!  Oh, good, there you are! Listen, um, I have a dog in my room.
Well, I'm watching it for some friends who went out of town. Wait.  Hello, my name is Clunkers. May I please stay with you nice people?
That's odd, 'cause this dog's been living here for the past 3 days
All right. We're gonna take Clunkers to Ross?s. We'll be back in a minute. 
You know if you want, we can sneak the dog back in and Chandler wouldn't even know.
I've had that dog there for three days and Chandler had no idea. He's not so smart.
Yeah, but you kinda knew that something was going on, didn't you?
 No, no, we don't really have time for this right now. Okay, we have to keep Chandler away from my bedroom.
See, this is exactly what we do not have time for. 
Okay, but you cannot tell him... but look whose back! 
Oh no, the dog's not going to be there!
 Shh, wait and see. Maybe we will, maybe we won't.
Yeah, she came all the way back from Ross' building. Oh, the things she must have seen! And then she climbed up the fire escape and she tapped on the window with her teeny little paw and then we ran to let her in? I went to far, didn't I? When should I have stopped? 
His first big kid?s bike, this is so exciting!
I never had a bike of my own.
Well, we didn?t have a lot of money. But the girl across the street had the best bike! It was pink and it had rainbow colored tassels hanging off the handle grips, and-and-and a bell and this big, white wicker basket with those plastic daisies stuck on.
No! But she gave me the box that it came in. It had a picture of the bike on the front.  So I would sit on it and my step-dad would drag me around the backyard.
Not really, I got to drag him around too!  Opening Credits
Yeah, and they?ve been coming by all day. They love it!
Not that way! But the bike brought you a lot closer!
Okay! Oh my God! My first bike! Thank you for the best present I?ve ever gotten.
 Wait! This seat is really uncomfortable! Yeah, maybe before we start we should just get another one. Perhaps, like an airplane seat?or a beanbag chair!
Okay, I would ring the bell to distract him and then I would knock the gun out of his hand with a Chinese throwing star.
I could?ve been killed I hope you know!
Well, I would love to but?the bike got stolen and the police have no suspects. 
All right. If you care enough to make up that load of crap, okay.
I can?t believe it! I did it! I rode a bike! I never thought I?d be able to do that! Thank you Ross.
No, no, no. It's not! It's not my mom. It belonged to mom. Yeah, no, she used to put it out every Christmas to remind us, that even though it's Christmas, people still die. And, you can put candy in it. 
And maybe I could teach Ben about the Christmas skull and how people die.
Hey. Guess what! My landlord just called and my apartment is gonna get ready soon, so I guess I'll be moving out.
Yes, you will be very sad. All right, well I gotta go tell Rachel the good news.
Why do you think, she's having so much fun living with Joey?
Really? So she said, she didn?t wanna live with me anymore?
Probably? Yeah, I don't like that word.  Kind of what ?probably? really means. Yeah, uh-huh. Yeah, oh, "Your mom probably won't kill herself," y?know? I'm sorry, but I'm not hanging all my hopes of Rachel and I living together on-on "Probably!" Y?know? You gotta take care of yourselves!  In this world history teaches us nothing! 
So you like the drums! That's, that's great! Y?know, I was worried, that, you know, they would maybe an unbearable living situation. All right, okay, well, apparently not! So, yay!
Yes, thank you. You see, this is how normal people are supposed to react to drums.
It's a?tarantula!  Oh! God! Rachel, look, I'm sorry. What was I thinking giving Joey this big, gross, scary spider in such a poorly constructed cage?
 Ah, yeah, he's so adorable, God, he's just so much fun, Joey is the best, I'm glad you're having so much fun here. 
Because you would rather live here with Joey.
Monica and Chandler said that you were having so much fun here. And apparently no amount of drums or tarantulas is gonna change that.
Yes, but I wanted you to want to live with me, but okay, if you're having so much fun over here?
Oh, anyway, they say, if we want, we can see it tonight.
Great, all right, okay, and Monica ask me to make the drumming stop.
Oh, this is terrible. Oh, they?ve made so many changes I can?t even feel my grandmother?s presence anymore?Ooh! New sconces!
Well, I guess we?ll just have to put the wall back up.
 Y?know I?m-I?m sensing that um, my grandmother would not be comfortable with that.
You heard her too?! You have the gift!
Okay, I understand why Superman is here, but why is there a porcupine at the Easter Bunny?s funeral? Ending Credits
Oh, I have dinner plans with Joey. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you guys.
Well, I?ll tell you Rachel Karen Green, I had plans with Joey tonight and he left me this note. 
Oh that?s a nickname we were trying out.
So what?! That doesn?t give you the right to ditch me!
I don?t accept this rule. When me make plans, I expect you to show up. Okay, I can?t just be a way to kill time ?til you meet someone better! Y?know boyfriends and girlfriends come and go, but this  is for life!
David the scientist guy, David that I was in love with, David who went to Russia and broke my heart David!
Oh, you say someone?s name enough, they turn around.
David!  What-what are you doing here? Aren?t you supposed to be in Russia?
Well? Yeah. You look great too. Did you get a haircut?
Well, of course I would want to see you. I?I think about you all the time.
I can?t. I can?t believe I have plans, I can?t. Can you do it tomorrow night though?
No he won?t. And that?s not even the point! Monica, I made a whole speech about you do not cancel plans with friends! And now y?know what? Just because, potentially, the love of my life comes back from Russia just for one night, I-I should change my beliefs?! I should change beliefs! No! No! No, if I don?t have my principles, I don?t have anything!
Or! I should rush through dinner with Joey and I can meet David at
Yes! I will have the green salad, umm the house salad, and water?s fine. The
Oh Joey, we?ve heard the specials three times! Okay? There?s prime rib, mahi mahi, and a very special lobster ravioli.  The
W-w?I just?it?s that?I have?y?know I have-I have an appointment. And it?s very important.
Come on Joey, don?t make me feel badly about this.
That?It?s not the same thing! This is totally different! This is with David! Remember David, the scientist guy? Okay, he?s very special to me.
Okay, whatever. Y?know what? I don?t have time have time to convince you because he?s only here for four hours, and I?m gonna go see him! 
Oh, you?re such a gentleman.  Come on! We?re going to my place! 
Are you sure? I?ll bet there?s another flight to Minsk in like?
That?s good. I got to admit, I thought it was something else.
 Okay, now?s not the time Joey. All right? You can yell at me tomorrow.
No I?m not okay. The only guy I?ve ever been crazy about has gone to Minsk and I may never?I may never see him again. 
Oh right, like they?re gonna let me have a passport.
Well?But?Now, if-if you can achieve positronic distillation of sub-atomic particles y?know before he does, then he can come back. 
 There it is! Oh, look at that! Isn?t Mother Nature amazing?
Well, all right. 1700 bags of peanuts flying that high, that?s pretty amazing too.
Oh! I won?t say, ?no? to a movie!
 Please don?t be a space ship. Please don?t be a space ship.  Oh thank God!  How could you be beeping?! I just disconnected you! I took out your battery! How can? Smoke
Okay. So, this wire is connected to this wire which plugs into here.  Okay so, to get the beeping to stop all I have to do?  Well done, Pheebs.   What do you want from me?!!!!!!!
Okay, this is where you and I part ways.  Noisy bitch!
Oh my God! How did you get back here?! A Disembodied
 Fire alarm?  Oh! Hi, officer?fireman, can-can I help you? The
Okay do you?Okay, do you have a search warrant? Because the last time I checked this was still America! The
Fine!  But please God; tell me how to stop them from going off! The
There?s a reset button?! Ugh, thank you! Thank you!  There?s a reset button! My God! Why didn?t I see that!  Reset button, reset button, where is there a reset button?  Oh here it is!  Oh!  Ohh, God!
What? What happened to the window in the attic?!
I can?t believe I still don?t know what happened to the window in the attic! 
Well okay, it?s already February and I?ve only given two massages and they were both the worst tippers in the world!
Yeah and yeah, and it would probably be better than the last telephone job I had. Y?know, I probably wouldn?t have to say spank as much. 
Okay, I can do that! Oh, by the way, I love my office.
Oh okay. Umm, all right.  Hi, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?
Umm, okay I would like to talk to you about your toner needs.
Oh okay, well I?m sorry to bother you. Bye-bye.  Yeah you?re right, this is easy.
Oh well, all right?um, no offense, but you were kind of rude.
No.  Oh wait yes! I do, I do have one question. What is toner?
 Hi, this Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies, can I speak to your supply manager please?  Earl, thanks.  Hi Earl, this is Phoebe from Empire Office Supplies I?d like to talk to you about your toner needs.  
I?m hearing what you?re saying, but at our prices everyone needs toner.
 Umm, is-is that because you?re out of toner? Commercial Break
No-no wait-wait! I can?t just let you hang up! Just please talk to me.
Yeah! Now, why do you want to kill yourself?
No look, I-I?m sure that people know you exist!
Earl, you?re not hearing me! All I?m saying is that you?re not alone all right? Everybody hates the people they work with! 
Wait, what was that? That sounded like someone being nice to you.
All right so Earl, let?s just forget about the people at the office, okay? There-there?s gotta be someone else in your life worth sticking around for! What about-what about your family, your friends, or maybe your girlfriend?
No! I?m not finished yet! Don?t! Don?t you dare hang up on me!!!
 Excuse me! Can you tell me where I can find Earl? He?s the supply manager around here.
No-no I can?t! I can?t let you do it!
Because it was fate that made me call you today!
No! Think about it okay? This isn?t even my regular job! Okay? And my first day on the job, you?re my first call! And-and somebody else might?ve hung up on you, but I wouldn?t do that because I know about this stuff. My mom killed herself.
I?m not gonna give you tips! Look don?t you see that this-this?this all came together so that I could stop you from doing this.
Oh. Well umm, okay here?s a weird thing. My mother was also a supply manager.
Oh my God! So was she! And! Get this, okay? Your-your name is Earl, right? Her name was Pearl, P-Earl.
Oh my God! So was she! Oh, I?ve got-I?ve got goose bumps. 
Well, y?know I?m wearing layers and it?s warm.
But if?no look, okay. These jerks might not care about you, but the universe does! And that says a lot!
Y?know, I don?t-I don?t think it?s you. This is a freaky place.  Hey! Guys!   Oh no, it?s you.
Yeah, but you shouldn?t compare yourself to me. 
I did it! One mile on a hippity-hop! That?s it!! That?s everything I wanted to do before I was thirty. Oh, except I wanted to patch things up with my sister. But oh well. Yay!!  And-and girls this thing is a Godsend if you know what I mean. 
Oh, well get in line missy.  So, can I have a ride stud?
 Okay. Okay, here?s what we?re gonna do. Okay, I?m gonna break into this mini-van and put it in neutral. You guys push it forward so Ross can drive out of his spot. Okay? All right, here we go.  Haul ass!!!!  
Happy thirtieth birthday! Here!  It?s for the child in you, and the woman. Happy thirtieth!
 Oh my God! Oh my God, we are 31.
I just lost a whole year of my life.
Well, I never knew mine. Do you remember what it is?
Ohh! All right! All right. Here?s what we?ll do, I?ll get twice as drunk as Monica and then no one?s will even notice her. 
Oh let me guess, and you wanna have them all at the same time and you wanna have them for your brother.
If you could do that, I?d marry the hippity-hop.
 Speech! Speech! Let?s hear from the birthday girl! Huh?
Don?t you see? Everyone?s looking at me! The plan?s working! I didn?t even have to take off my top yet! Mrs.
I lost a whole year! I can?t believe it! This is so unfair!
Will it? Will it?! I mean, how would you feel if you found out you were 31?
Plus, it totally ruined my schedule! I?I haven?t done any of the things I wanted to do by the time I was 31!
Like okay I-I-I, I haven?t met any Portuguese people! I, I haven?t had the perfect kiss! And I haven?t been to sniper?s school!
No, I just feel like being by myself for a while. All right? I?ll see you guys later. Thanks. 
 Rach, so, that guy there. Straight or gay?
Oh no not that guy there. That guy right there. 
 Ohh knockers will help us figure it out. 
Or we could use it to call China. See how those guys are doing.
Yeah? That does sound great. I'm going to get the phone. 
I don't know. I haven't been out on a date in so long.
That wasn?t a date! That was, that was just friends getting together? having sex.
No way! No way! You just broke with Tag a week ago.
Or, we can decide by whose ever name is closer to the word phone.
 Fine all right, but I?d bet you?d be singing another tune if we were fighting over a ratchet.
Did I use that already today? I?m sorry.
Okay, a meat eater. Fine, that?s one for you.
So you don?t know that?s Barney?s the store! That can be y?know his friend?s house, or a bar. Who has Barney?s the store on their speed dial?
 Hello?  Yes, I?m the one who found your phone.
 Shhh! I?m on a call!  Umm well yeah, you can pick it up tonight, say
Oh? And how will you know what time to come over?
Oh. Okay, well I-I was kinda hoping that I would just?be alone y?know to think about my mom and her suicide.
Whoa! Why do you get to answer the door?
Okay. All right.  Good luck explaining all the calls to China. 
Could you-could you umm, give us one second?
Can you believe this?  We were waiting for a hot guy and then an even hotter one shows up!
Hmm, they just don?t make ?em like that anymore!
Rachel, listen?I mean, if you let me have him then I will really owe you one.
Eeee!!! Eee!! Eee!!  and Chandler  are laughing. That then causes Lisa and Jennifer come out of character and start laughing hysterically. And that finally causes David Schwimmer to come out of character and start laughing as well. Matthew decides to sing along now as well.) Matthew
Oo! You should have one of us do it!
No! No! It?s-it?s uh a real thing! Anyone can get ordained on the Internet and perform like weddings and stuff!
Yes! A friend of mine did it and it?s totally legal!
Oh, I have a headache. A horrible headache!
Oh my God, you?ve got to stop chattering!
Oh no, I don?t believe in Western medicine. No, if you just apply pressure to these points right here.  Then your hand starts to hurt and you still have a headache, so thanks. 
It?s amazing! My headache is completely gone! What are those pills called?
Oh, I love you Hexadrin!  Oh look! It comes with a story! 
Oh my God!  Dizziness, nervousness, drowsiness, facial swelling, nausea, headache?Headache. Vomiting, stomach bleeding, liver damage! Now okay, I don?t recall any of this coming up when you gave me these little death capsules! Oh I?m sorry, extra strength death capsules!
I feel like my face is swelling.  Is my face swelling?
Oh, interesting you should call me that! Now that I may never have one! 
Did you ever feed him a poison capsule that made him bleed from the eyes?
Oh! Suddenly somebody knows all about the side affects!
Yeah, it?s totally meant to be.  Tell him who you originally wanted to hook up with that night.
I?m really glad you guys are okay but, I just keep thinking what would happen if-if you two  actually had hooked up.
 Oh my God! This is a six-hour pill!  That?s it! I?m out of the woods! Ohh! What a relief!
 Am I crazy or does this totally go?! 
Ooh, is that spelled with a ?C? or a ?K?? Oh my God! It doesn?t matter; they?re both great! 
Okay!  Hey!  What do I do?!!  What are you doing?  Did you find the dress? 
Well just figure out a way to talk him out of it.
Yeah but the Swing Kings? Y?know they suck so much that people actually die at their concerts?They just stop living.
Oh my God!  I?m sorry, too soon. You go.
Oh my God! That guy at the counter is totally checking you out!
I?m just saying, get his number just in case. But no Chandler is in an accident and can?t perform sexually and he would want you to take a lover to satisfy the needs that he can no longer fulfill. The Cute
Oh, great! We couldn?t keep our eyes off each other all night and then every once and a while y?know, he?d kinda lean over and stroke my hair and touch my neck. 
 All I could think of was y?know, "Is he gonna kiss me? Is he gonna kiss me?"
I?m a lady Monica, I don?t kiss and tell. But this hickey speaks for itself. 
I just like him so much that I just feel like I?ve had 10 drinks today and I?ve only had six.
Bye!  We said good-bye at the door so as not to flaunt our new love.
Okay, don?t sweat it.  Chandler is nowhere around so go ahead get it out of your system. That guy?s cute. 
No that is the last thing you want to do!
All right, I?ve never been engaged and I?ve never really been married, but I can only tell you what my mother told me. Whenever you have doubts or fears or anxieties about a relationship, do not communicate them to your husband.
That is correct! Yes, you?re supposed to take all of that stuff and put it in a little box in your mind and then lock it up tight.
Oh my God! You?re right! Go!  Go tell Chandler! Hurry before it?s too late! Wait no!  Does this also mean putting out doesn?t get you love? 
Oh.  It?s just so unexpected! I?I uh?Boy I?ll tell you it?s just such an honor to be nominated for a Nobel Prize and y?know to win one for a massage. Especially after having just won a Tony award for best actress in?
Grandma?s gonna have to get in line. Opening Credits
Hey the wedding is so close! Are you getting nervous?
Well that?s only two days away. What is the other option?
Well if we make it yesterday, woo-hoo! We?re done!
Oh okay. All right, then I need to calm down a little.
Hey! I?ve got a great idea for party favors for the shower. Okay, we get some uh mahogany boxes and carve everyone?s names in them and inside is everyone?s individual birth stone.
Okay. Okay! Well okay, who do we know that?s coming? Me. Are you?
Okay but look! Look at what I got! It?s her address book!  We have a guest list!
Uh-huh, and a little seed money for the party. 
How are you?  Good.  Hi, thanks for coming.
Thank you.  No?  All right.  Oh, it?s so nice to see you.
Hmm, y?know there?s another word for people like that. Losers! 
And then for forgetting to invite you to it.
Yeah. Well, we called everyone in your phone book and bunch of people came, but it took us so long to get you here that they-they had to leave.
Cassie, are you finding everything okay in there?
Hey oh, Rach wait! Do you want to go to a movie tonight?
 Which means she had a couple spritzers and a quick peck on the cheek.
Okay! I just?I didn?t know that you are a lesbian. 
Okay, it just seems pretty wild and you?re so?y?know so?vanilla.
Okay! All right! Yeah! ?Cause I just can?t picture it.
Of course! Yeah, I was uh, umm Thigh Mega Tampon.
Yeah! Y?know, we were really huge too, but then they had to shut us down when Regina Philange died of alcohol poisoning.
Rachel, it?s okay. You don?t have to do this. I believe you. All right? Okay, if-if you say that you kissed Melissa, then you kissed Melissa.
I just wanted to see what all the fuss was about.
Well maybe you don?t talk about your feelings back then. Maybe you just say something about y?know all the things that he?s taught you. Like?  Or all the things you taught him. 
Oh, look, twins. Hi, guys. Oh, cute, cute.
Well let?s just say its she?s lucky she has a sweet ass, ?cause she?s not so good at the writing.
Well let?s just hope it works. Y?know nine out of ten marriages end in divorce?
 Oh, look! There's Monica and Chandler!  Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey!  Ohh!! Ohh! Ahh-ahhh!!
Okay, so now they know that you know and they don't know that Rachel knows?
Or, we could not tell them we know and have a little fun of our own 
I'll have to get back to you on that. Okay, bye!  Oh my God! He wants me to come over and feel his bicep and more!
God, they thought they can mess with us! They're trying to mess with us?! They don't know that we know they know we know!  Joey, you can't say anything!
He's not backing down. He went to get lotion.
Joey!  Wow, you didn?t rip off any buttons.
Umm, not without you, lover.  So, this is my bra.
You should be. I'm very bendy.  I'm gonna kiss you now.
I just?I thought you guys were doing it, I didn't know you were in love!
Y?know, you?re friend?s getting married, it?s gotta change things.
How could it not be? I mean pretty soon they?re gonna be having kids, and then they?re just gonna be hanging out with other couples who have kids. And then maybe they?re gonna have to leave the city to be near a Volvo dealership.
I?ve never driven it! Okay? Not once! Okay once. Okay, I drive it all the time.
Okay, I can fix this! Okay Monica, Rachel thinks all you can talk about is the wedding. 
Okay, I think I need to do some shopping. 
Yeah! Sure! Ooh, I left my purse up at Monica?s. I?ll be right back. 
What?  Oh.  Ooh.  Whoa! That one kept going. 
No, it?s not! We were just goofing around and I dared him to try them on.
I think so too. And that little flap? Great for holding my lipstick.
And! Y?know what Jake says? That women?s underwear is actually more comfortable. And he loves the way the silk feels against his skin.
There is nothing wrong with Jake! Okay? He is all man! I?m thinking even more than you.
I?m just saying that only a man completely secure with his masculinity could walk around in women?s underwear! I don?t think you could ever do that.
Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut.
Why?! What?s happening to the coffee house?!  Oh! 
Oh, yeah! Back then y?know, we called the Great War. It really was!
 What?s up?  Tell Monica I?m sorry.  Tell her yourself! Commercial Break
Or maybe he-he was writing to tell her that-that he?s changed his name, y?know? Tell Monica I?m sorry.
Don?t be so negative! Good God! Isn?t it possible that Sorry is sitting in there  right now?!
 Okay but if you don?t find him and bring him back, I am gonna hunt you down and kick your ass! 
Y?know she might not even notice he?s gone.
Shhh! Stop it! Stop it Rachel! You can?t do this here! 
Yeah, but you?ve got to pull yourself together! Monica can?t see you like this! Then she?ll know something?s wrong!
Yeah.  Oh, that?s gone too. This is Monica?s bathroom right?!
I know! Monica?s gonna have a baby! Hey, can this count as her something new?
Hey, do you think this is why Chandler took off?
Oh God, this is turning into the worst wedding day ever! The bride is pregnant. The groom is missing. And I?m still holding this. 
Yeah, okay. Hey, wait. Do you know what kind of birth control she was using?
Just for the future, this is hardly a commercial for it.
Ross, you?re tired. You?ve been looking all night. And clearly you suck at this.
Okay. Wait, do you know how you?re going to stall her?
But look Chandler, right now, no one has a lower opinion of you than I do. But I totally believe you can do this.
 Found the vest! I mean we?re gonna have to keep an eye on it, y?know make sure we don?t lose it again?
So-so you two were married huh? What happened? You just drift apart?  Mrs.
 Wait! Maybe, maybe you?re overreacting! You do that y?know.
Okay. Oh but don?t tell them Monica?s pregnant because, they frown on that.
Oh my God! Why would you play hide and seek with someone you know is a flight risk?! 
Okay.  Hey Mon, why did you tell the guys you weren?t pregnant?
We found your test in the trash, if you?re not pregnant??It?s because I am. 
Yes, I?I am with child.  And I didn?t want to say anything because it?s your day; I didn?t want to steal your thunder.
Okay, okay. It?s James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my baby.
What?! Well he never said that to me! Opening Credits
So instead you told me Monica was pregnant.
Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he?s gay.
So, are you ready to talk about it?
Yeah. That?s fine. That?s fair. Is it Tag?
Is it Ross? It?s Ross isn?t it?Oh my God, it?s Joey!
Ah-hah! At least we know it?s a him. 
Well, I just got off the phone with my lover, James Brolin?
Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would leave her for me. And I said, "James, James Brolin, are you sure?" James Brolin said?
When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test like three times just to make sure.
I?m-I?m just saying, don?t freak out until you?re a hundred percent sure.
Now you know how you really feel about it.
Okay.  Hey Mon, why did you tell the guys you weren?t pregnant?
We found your test in the trash, if you?re not pregnant??It?s because I am. 
Yes, I?I am with child.  And I didn?t want to say anything because it?s your day; I didn?t want to steal your thunder.
Okay, okay. It?s James Brolin. James Brolin is the father of my baby.
What?! Well he never said that to me! Opening Credits
So instead you told me Monica was pregnant.
Oh, I know. I could only think of two names, him and Ed Begley Jr. and then I remembered he?s gay.
So, are you ready to talk about it?
Yeah. That?s fine. That?s fair. Is it Tag?
Is it Ross? It?s Ross isn?t it?Oh my God, it?s Joey!
Ah-hah! At least we know it?s a him. 
Well, I just got off the phone with my lover, James Brolin?
Yes, and apparently he is married to some singer, but he said he would leave her for me. And I said, "James, James Brolin, are you sure?" James Brolin said?
When I got pregnant with the triplets, I took that test like three times just to make sure.
I?m-I?m just saying, don?t freak out until you?re a hundred percent sure.
Now you know how you really feel about it.
Oh, it's so romantic to send people off on their honeymoon.
All in good time my love. All in good time. Oh shoot! I left my guitar in their apartment. Well you can let me in later.
What?! They took mine to give to you!
You mean the time you broke the ketchup bottle and cleaned it up with Monica?s guest towels?
Well, what am I gonna do? I really need my guitar!
Well, she really wanted to talk to you now.
Of course I do! And I?m gonna give it back to you as soon as they?re done with it at the key shining place. 
Well why don?t you use your key? Mr.
Oh great! And listen, could you do us a favor and not tell Chandler and Monica about this? ?Cause y?know umm, they don?t-they don?t have any kids of their own and-and this door was like a child to them. Mr.
Oh hey hi, he?s doing it. He?s breaking down the door.  Okay, we?re in. 
That was the best part?  Good honeymooning tiger.
Oh, Greg and Jenny yuck!  Hi Greg, I?m Chandler this is Monica. Hi Monica, this is Jenny. Hi Jenny. Hi Greg.
I can?t believe he taped the two of them having sex!
Excuse me, I don?t want Greg and Jenny?s rejects.
That?s like the pervert motto! Yeah! Yeah! They have you raise your right hand, put your left hand down your pants, and repeat that!
No! Not the sex part, just the stuff leading up to it.
Okay fine! Fine! We?ll just have to think of some other way to put the whole ?Who came onto who,? thing to rest! Come on now, think!!
I?m just saying hi! Now I?m gonna go!
Would you say your pesto is the best-o?
Oh my God! I had the best time with Tim last night. He is so sweet! Oh, I can?t wait to get sous-neath him.
Well maybe he was just nervous, y?know you can be very intimidating. And besides I?ve met your pastry chef and she can stand to be taken down a peg or two.
But Monica, he loves his job so much! Can you just give him another chance? Please?
That?s fair! Thank you so much. Thanks. Oops, it looks like when he got the pastry chef he got you a little bit too.
Okay. Okay, but you can?t fire him today.
He is sweet. He?s too sweet. He calls me all the time.  "So did-did you get home from work okay?" "Did-did you get out of the shower okay?"
Then he comes over!  "I?m so worried about you." Uck! Be a man!
You can?t fire him and dump him the same day, he?ll kill himself.
Are you kidding?! Another week with that sip, I?ll kill myself!
Okay. But the question is who?s gonna go first. ?Cause whoever goes second is the bitch.
Come on! The boss that fires a guy that?s just been dumped, bitch! And the woman who dumps a guy that?s just been fired, blond bitch!
All right, that makes sense.  Ugh. But?Screw you I?m going first! 
It will be?in a minute. Listen, Tim you?re a really great guy.
Aw.  I?m just?I?m in a place in my life right now where I?I? 
Oh-oh no she doesn?t! I know what that is. You can stay.
I?m sorry, I?m just?I?m?I?m just not ready for a relationship right now.
Oh that?s good, the chemistry thing for us too.
And Tim I just wanna say, good luck here. 
Now wasn?t Joey hitting on her at the wedding too?
Wait a second! So, what?s new with you?
Huh. Okay. Well, I?m really happy for you. 
Yeah. Okay. Umm, y?know, my friends are having a Halloween party tonight at my old apartment so, you could come. Maybe I could meet the guy you?re marrying.
Okay, I will. But right after you tell me who the hell you are.
No-no! That?s okay, we?ll just start over. Okay? Hi! I?m Phoebe.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Yeah! It?s so much better than first grade when you don?t know what?s going on and definitely better than third grade. Y?know with all the politics and mind games.
No I?m having fun. I?m really?And I?m really-really excited for you and Ursula.
 Hey. Ursula?s fiancee is really sweet! He?s a teacher, he does all this volunteer work. Y?know normally y?know, I don?t like really sweaty guys. But this one? I could just mop him up!
Hello handsome.  Oh God.  Oh look at you two. So when did you guys meet?
Y?know the only reason he?s marrying you is because he thinks all the things you were saying about yourself were true.
You too. And Ursula?! It was really nice meeting you tonight!!
Umm listen, I don?t think?I don?t think I?m gonna make it to the wedding. So I just want to wish you all the luck in the world.
Okay I can?t let you do this! She?s lying to you.
She is lying! And I bet I can prove it. Excuse me.  Okay. Okay. Yeah?Not a prayer chain, but what looks like a detailed drawing of a bank floor plan.  Okay, here?s the nametag from the restaurant where she works as a waitress! Not a teacher, a waitress. All right, here?s her driver license, this oughta be good, she always lies about this. How old did she say she was?
Oh, I almost don?t want to show this.  Just remember I?m a minute younger.
That?s good, you should be impulsive and you should be romantic. Just?you did it with the wrong person.  What?
 Who?s cell phone is that? It?s just so annoying; everywhere you go.
Oh my God Eric hi! Wait, how?d you get this number?
Oh you did?  He did it! He did it!
Are you asking me out? ?Cause it would be kinda weird since you just broke up with my sister.
No! Wait! I was just saying that so you?d think I was a good person. Fight for me.
Not great, but we can work on it at lunch. Okay, I can be at your apartment in two hours.
Oh my God! I?m going out with Eric! Ooh, this day is really gonna be so much better than I thought it was gonna be. Oh Ross, I can?t make lunch. 
Yeah, me too. Not in the shaky angry way you are though.
Oh, yeah try that.  So, is that better?
Look Eric, turn around.  Look, I like you, but it shouldn?t be this hard. Y?know? This is our first date y?know? First dates are supposed to be about excitement and electricity and ?Ooh, he just touched my hand, did he mean to touch my hand?? and y?know first kisses and??second kisses. 
Ooh, oh no! I have to go! I have a massage appointment.
No, I got in trouble for that before. I?ll see you later.
Really? That?s the thing I?m worse at! You?ll see. 
Hey!  Can we pick up where we left off?
You didn?t notice she was wearing different clothes?!
Oh. Ew! Ew! Ew! Ugh! Y?know what? This is too weird.
Okay so, we?ll just come up with some kind of signal if it?s going well you can take off.
Oh Rachel, this is all so ?Papa don?t preach.?
Gosh. I?m not gonna let that man make you eat your baby.  Oh. Hey! Who is that guy? I think I know him.
Oh my God!!! Monica!! He?s the stripper from your bachelorette party!!
She untied his G-string with her teeth.  Somebody stop me!
He?s right though, the ?74 is absolute piss.
Why, so he can get mad at the baby?
I?m sorry I won?t be able to make it to your imaginary wedding, but I?m really busy that day. Yeah, I already have a unicorn baptism and a leprechaun bar mitzvah.
It?s Lafite. The ?74 Latour is actually drinking quite nicely.
That?s it?! You call that a fight? Come on! "We were on a break!" "No we weren?t!" What happened to you two?!
Yeah! And look,  see how they expand as the baby grows?  And then after the baby?s born, they?re great for shoplifting melons.
Yeah, it all just came screaming back to me.   So how?s the game?
I don?t believe you! That is?brilliant! And Monica has no idea?
Well I want to get in on this. Hey Mon? I don?t think I can help you after all, I didn?t realize this game was on.
Well normally I don?t, but y?know??Green Bay is playing.
Well it?s only like my favorite bay! {Actually, it?s not bad. It just gets a little cold in winter, but in Wisconsin winter only lasts from August to June. J } 
Noooo!! Damn you ref! You burn in hell!!! 
Well the Lions technically won, but it was a moral victory for the Green Bay?Mermen. 
Oh, come on Will! Just take off your shirt and tell us!
So how did this happen? Did she, did she lure you to an early bird dinner?
I?m sorry. I?m sorry. I never got to be in a club. I-I didn?t go to high school, but three of us would meet behind a dumpster to learn French. Bonjour.
Okay.  It?s exactly how I?d imagined it would be.
Is there anything we can do for you?
How can you let him talk to your crotch like that?
Ohh! Okay! Okay, cause when-when he said, "I can?t wait to hear your first words," I thought, "There?s a trick."
Hey Ross! Doesn?t Ben go to the Smithfield Day School?
Sting has a son that goes there too!
You knew this and you never said anything?! With all the stupid dinosaur stuff you tell us?!
Sting?s son, seven years old and there?s a picture.
No, it?s New York magazine. It?s an article about the best schools in the city. So how well do you know Sting?
Uh-huh, yeah that?s too bad. I really want to go to his concert Friday night, but it?s totally sold out. I know! Why don?t you meet him and get tickets?! If you get two I?ll take you.
There you go! Oh, you are so lucky! You might actually get to meet Sting tomorrow! That?s why you have kids!
Well then get your money back and return them!
Wait! But Ross if they don?t get along then you should smooth things over. Make them be friends.
Sure you can! Give them some blocks, put them in a playpen!
Your kid is seven?!   He?s really small.  Please! Please get the tickets!
 Rosss can! Give me the tickets! Ross can give me the tickets!! 
Well, I heard you?re having a problem with one of the boys in your class. And so I thought I would just come down here and sit you both down, have a little talk and make it all okay. Now umm, the boy?s name is Sting?s son.
Now Ben, sometimes people may seem like jerks on the outside, but they have famous fathers.
Yes! Yes you can, I?m looking for Jack?s parents. The
I am one of Ben?s mothers. I?m a lesbian. It was, it was difficult coming out to my parents. The
Ah! Okay so that would make me Susan. The
Yeah! Let?s do that!! That-that sounds good. We should sit down and talk, just me, my lover Carol, and the Stings. Umm, how-how will I get in touch with them? The
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Umm, could-could I get a copy of that? ?Cause Carol threw it out, she lost ours. She?s such a scatterbrain, but man what a hot piece of ass.
Wow! This place is incredible!  Sting?s pen?that he gave to Phoebe.  Come on! Secret passageway!  Trudie
Umm, I?m sorry. Won?t-won?t Jack?s father be joining us? Trudie
Uh-hmm. Okay. Well then, could we reschedule? For say, Friday night perhaps at 8 o?clock? Trudie
Concert. Yeah. That does put us in?quite a pickle. Because you see I?m very busy before and after the concert, and he?s obviously busy during. Trudie
Unless! Unless umm, okay I-I would be willing to go to the concert, umm, all the while thinking about the children of course. Trudie
Oh, thank you. Four would be great. Trudie
Oh good! Then you?re in luck! Ben?s not my son! Trudie
Oh my God! I do love you! How did you do it?!
Okay, now would you say that that?s more than 50 yards away from Sting, his wife, or a member of his family?
He?s awfully short and I think he?s talking to himself. And to be completely honest, he?s not that good in bed.
Wait a second! This is about the fourth month of your pregnancy, right?
This is completely normal, around the fourth month your hormones start going crazy.
Oh absolutely yeah! Oh and keep in mind, now, I was carrying triplets so in, y?know, medical terms I was-I was thrice as randy.
Yeah. Yeah, I remember trying to steal a cardboard cutout of Evander Holyfield from a Foot Locker.
Yeah. Yeah, that?s what you need a good?pill. Opening Credits
Wait, I?m-I?m sorry. What?s the big deal about a holiday card?
Oh hey! So, how did your doctor?s appointment go?
Okay, remember that little problem I was having during my fourth month of pregnancy?
Hi! Okay, Monica, Rachel, this is my friend Roger.
So umm, I?m gonna get us some drinks.  Would you help me out?
Umm, he?s here to have sex with you.
Fine! Then you tell Roger because he was really looking forward to this! 
I got it for your wedding and I ordered it weeks ago, and it finally got here!
I didn?t know where to put it so I just left it here for now.
No. No! Yes! Ahh. Oh, would you look at that Monica? I just knocked off all of your top scores, how sad.
Oh, I?m sorry. I didn?t hear you over all the winning.
Wait okay, if this game is gonna cause problems between the two of you, then maybe I should just keep it.
Yeah! It?s not like it spits out a Clark bar after every game.
 Hey, you guys. Listen, I?m sorry that I was hogging the game before??Oh my God! Your friends have some unfortunate initials!
Chandler sucks! He couldn?t have gotten this good!
I can?t!! I can?t!!  Noooooooo!!!!!!! You son of a bitch!!!!! 
Oh hi Ben?No!! Don?t look at the machine! 
Hey, are you going to find out the sex of the baby?
Are you two talking about the same baby? Hey! Have you started off thinking of names yet?
Uh huh! If it?s a girl, Phoebe, and if it?s a boy, Phoebo!
I know her! I bought homemade soap from her at a Dead show!
Is it me, or is veto starting to sound really good?
Oh, hey, Monica, I brought back your iron.
Oh, just as well, I broke this one. 
Then it?s really too bad that you can?t tell me.
I don?t know, I don?t know, I don?t know. You know, I mean, on the one hand, Mother may I? But y?know on the other hand? No. No, I can?t. We?re friends. No, oh, no. I don?t want to risk what we have.
Sure, yeah. I mean, it?s Joey. I don?t want him to get hurt. Well, I must say, I am on fire! First Chandler, now Joey!
Yes, and I?m sorry. I-I know things worked out for Chandler and Monica, but that?s very rare.
Yeah that?s Rachel.  Beat me over the head with it.
Joey, I just think you?re getting worked up over nothing. This is probably just a crush.
Absolutely! Y?know, you get this rush of feelings, but then it goes away.
That?s right, there you go! Crushes happen all the time! I know I?ve had them for all you guys. Well, except for Ross and Chandler. And I?m sure you?ve had them for us.
Hi, Bubbles. Manly. Well, I just thought I would drop by and let you know how it went with Joey.
Well, you were wrong, he doesn?t like me!
Yeah! How would you like it if I sent you to Lee Majors? house and told you that he liked you, and you went down there and you found out that he didn?t like you? How would you feel?
So do you want to hang out or something?
Okay. Do you guys want me to play for you?
Oh my God! You?re getting a massage! You never let me massage you!!
I can?t believe this! How long as this been going on?
Okay?Oop! Too late! I?m leaving! Come on Chandler let?s go! 
Monica! We lived together for years! I?ve seen you naked!
But I?m a professional! And I?m really good! Look, if you?re uncomfortable we can stop. Just give me a chance, okay. Please?
It does! How would you feel if you couldn?t share your cooking? Or-or imagine how Ross would feel if he couldn?t teach us about dragons.
Stating the obvious, but thank you. And it?s not weird is it.
Okay. Okay but you should know though, I?ve raised my rates to $200 an hour.
Oh, you make sex noises when you get massaged!
Yeah, and it really freaked me out! And after a while I even tried to hurt you and it just spurred you on.
Really? There?s nothing sexual about this?  Oooh. Oo God! Ohh. Ohhhh. Ohh.   What are you looking at?!  I mean hi.
No, you can?t let this stop you from getting massages! No look, I have, I have lots of clients that make the same noises you do!
Well not clients, lovers. But let?s just y?know, try it again. Come back and-and we?ll work through it.
Great! Okay, if you?ll just excuse me.  So, did you hear something you liked?
You want it there? You take it there baby!
 Honey, I wish you would get over her. I hate seeing you like this. Is there anything I can do for you? Do you want to look down my top?
So, how does Mona feel about you and Rachel living together?
All right. Oh! Shoot! Oh shoot! Uh, Rachel wanted to see this tape!
It?s a video of my friend giving birth. Could you just bring it back to your apartment?
Yeah. Candy?s the mother, Cookie?s the daughter. The father?s also Cookie. Why am I friends with these people?
 Hey. Look, I know you?ve been really depressed lately, so I brought someone over to cheer you up. Right outside this door is a real, live, furry playmate.
This is the happiest dog in the world. I borrowed him from my friend Wendy. Now, you can only keep him until he cheers you up. And he will cheer you up!
How could you not tell Mona that Rachel is living with you?
Well, I think my mother was too busy planning her suicide to provide saltwater treats.  Thank you! So what, you?re just never going to tell her?
Hey, buddy. How?s my favorite dog, huh? How?s my favorite dog?  You?re subdued.  Did you give him a beer?
Will you excuse us, we need to talk for a moment.
Oh?Joey, you bummed him out! This was the happiest dog in the world, and he spends half a day with you, and look at him!
Okay, I?m going to take him back to Wendy?s.
Hey listen let me ask you, do you believe in soul mates?
Yeah, I had a date with this guy, and I swear to God, he is her other half.
Yeah? And, he?s-he?s so centered and mature and confident.
Oh, I?m so sorry. Um, and maybe I?m wrong! I but?y?know I?m gonna go out with him again, I?ll find out more.
Well, he may not be my soul mate, but a girl?s gotta eat.
Nothing! I swear to God I didn?t know you guys would be here! And the good news is you didn?t believe in soul mates. So?
They?re just talking, and y?know what? Just because I think they?re soul mates doesn?t mean anything?s gonna happen.
I don?t know, they both want to live in a house of cheese! I don?t know how you fight that.
Okay, so when you?re done with your tea I?ll look at your leaves and tell you your fortune.
Oh yeah, I?ve done it for years. I actually stopped because I was so accurate. Y?know, and-and y?know, one of the great joys of life is it?s-it?s wondrous unpredictability. Y?know? And also tea tends to give me the trots.
Okay.  Ooh, I see a ladder.  Which can mean either a promotion or a violent death.
Okay.  Umm, oh! Okay, I see a circle.
Oh!  Which can either mean you?re having a baby or you?re gonna make a scientific discovery!
Umm? Wow, all right.  Wow! Yay! Ooh, I?m gonna meet a guy! And really soon! And he?s gonna be the man of my dreams. Probably not the guy I had a dream about last night. 
 Oh wait a second you guys?for the last couple weeks I?ve been that guy everywhere I go. We take the same bus. We go to the same bookstore, the same dry cleaners; maybe he?s the tea guy. 
Oh Jim, Jim Nelson I?m Phoebe, Phoebe Buffay. We certainly have been seeing a lot of each other lately.
Isn?t it funny how we kept running into each other? It?s as if someone really wants us to be together.
Oh okay, well I?m a masseuse, and I used to work at this place?
 So! Umm, anyway I-I lived in New York, someone wildly I guess, for umm?Well since I was fourteen.
Okay. Umm look, you?re coming on a little strong. But I?m going to give you the benefit of the doubt, because it seems the universe really wants to be together. So, why don?t we just start over okay? And you can just tell me about yourself.
I know, but that creep that I went on that date with goes to there so I have to find a new one. I also have to find a new video store, a new bank, a new adult bookstore, a new grocery store?
A new grocery store. The universe said I was going to meet a nice guy and that?s what they gave me?  When I get up there I?m going to kick some ass.
Yeah, we both can. And we both will. 
Oh, you didn?t have to come in with me.
Oh yeah well, I?m sorry about that too, but what are you going to do?
I-I-I?d love to. Let me just tell my friend.
Oh, Ross, Mon, is it okay if I bring someone to your parent?s anniversary party?
Well, his name is Parker and I met him at the drycleaners.
Yeah, he?s really great though. He has this incredible zest for life, and he treats me like a queen, except at night when he treats me like the naughty girl I am.
So, he a little enthusiastic, what?s wrong with that?
Well, so what I like him! Do I make fun of the people you?ve dated? Tag, Janice, Mona? No, because friends don?t do that. But, do you want my opinion? Do you want it? ?Cause in my opinion, your collective dating record reads like the who?s who of human crap. 
No, I?m fine. I?m great. I?m with you.
You guys were right. He?s just too excited about?everything. I mean I?m all for living life, but this is the Geller?s 35th anniversary. Okay? Let?s call a spade a spade this party stinks.
He?s just such a great guy I?m so excited about him.
You?re right. You?re right, he?s just embracing life. We could all stand to be a little more like Parker. You know what? I am like him! I?m a sunny, positive person.
Are you kidding? People acting like animals to music. Come on! 
Can I get you something to drink? Like a water and Valium?
Yeah? I know! I know! Uh huh? Listen why don?t we just um, sit and relax? You know just be with each other. Quietly!
Let?s try something else, let?s play a game.
Shocking! Let?s play the game of who can stay quiet the longest. 
But, let?s play this one first. And remember whoever talks first loses! 
Wrong? Really? You know the word wrong. Everything isn?t perfect? Everything isn?t magical? Everything isn?t a glow with the light of a million fairies? They were just brake lights, Parker!
You don?t have to put a good spin on everything.
No! I am a positive person. You are like Santa Clause on Prozac, at Disneyland, getting laid!
So long! Don?t let the best door in the world hit you in the ass on your way out!  
I?m gonna get some coffee, anyone want anything?
Hey! Check it out! This is unbelievable! Joey has been holding his breath for almost four minutes! 
Umm, I?I just think you don?t expect someone so hot to be so sweet. The
Oh okay, it?s P as in Phoebe, H as in hoebe, O as in oebe, E as in ebe, B as in bee-bee and E as in  ?Ello there mate! The
 No!! Hey-hey that's not a Nutter-Butter, that's just an old Wonton!
Wow! Nice! Manly and also kind of a slut. 
About twenty, a couple people from work who had something else to do.
Well I don?t, I don?t have a mother so often I forget that other people?
Oh, I told the stripper to be here at five. That?s good right?
What? He?s gonna be dressed as a baby!  Oh hi Mrs. Green!
Yeah I know. Isn?t it great? One less person we have to make small talk with.
No look, we?ve apologized twice! I can?t do anymore than that. I know you hate it when people are mad at you but you just have to be okay with it.
Well, if you don?t want your mother to move in with you, just tell her.
I have new respect for Chandler. All right everybody! It?s time to open the presents!
How about you less important people, let?s open your presents! 
Okay, come on Rach it?s present time! Y?know you?re the glue that?s holding this whole party together. It?s kinda falling apart here. Mrs.
Okay, this is from your friend at work.
Hey! Why are you all red and sweaty?
Nothing! You have apologized to her like a million times and she?s been nothing but terrible to you. And don?t forget you just threw her daughter a lovely, albeit slightly boring, shower, and she hasn?t even thanked you for it.
Yeah I mean if you want to say anything to her, I?d tell her off.
 Wrap it up, wrap it up, wrap it up?
You were fantastic! I?m so proud of you!
Well that?s no way to sell newspapers. Why don?t you try, "Extra! Extra! Read all about it!"
Well did she know you two weren?t married?
Oh my God! Well the idea of a woman flirting with a-with a single man, we-we must alert the church elders!
Is that a real place?  Are they hiring?
Wait, I think I know someone who does that.
Y?know! You don?t make a very good first impression.
Yes, when I first met you, you were like, "Blah, blah, blah." I was like, shhh!
Well it?s just like you?re trying too hard. Always making jokes, y?know, you just?You come off a little needy.
Oh! It?s okay, you calm down after a while and then people can see how really sweet and wonderful you really are.
All right, don?t freak out! Okay? I-I will help you. How long before you have to leave?
All right, all right, we?ll just do our best. Okay? So let?s say I?m the interviewer and I?m meeting you for the first time. Okay. "Hi! Come on in, I?m uh, Regina Philange."
Um-hmm, that?s good to know. But let?s stop focusing on what you don?t do, and start focusing on what you do do.
I see. Nice sidestep on the do do thing by the way.
Absolutely! Just fight all your natural instincts and you?ll be great.
Oh I know, I?ve been there. I remember toward the end?
Joey, you pick who ever you want. Okay? You just listen to your heart. What does it tell you?  Phoebe, Phoebe.
Mon, maybe one of these guys wants to wear your dress.
When she comes out, you hold her nose, I?ll blow in her mouth, and the kid will just  right out of her.
I don?t know. I-I think it?s still gonna be a while.
Fine! I?ll call Zurich and move some money around.
Oh hey Mon? Rach is here! Ohh, you?re still pregnant. Oh, I?m sorry. I know how uncomfortable you are. Y?know what? You look great. Yeah, like fifty bucks.
It?s interesting that you lost. Now, I forget, do you like to lose?
Until then, General Grant, why don?t you set up camp  right there.
Oh I-I don?t know about that. No, I think that if the two of you had sex the-the-the repercussions would be catastrophic.
 Oh wow, three hours and still no baby. Ugh, the miracle of birth sure is a snooze fest.
But y?know what? It just seems that you two belong together.
Oh down please.  I-I hate to be a ball buster can I just do it? 
Sure! I feel so bad for you; I broke my leg once too.
Well, it?s a long story. It?s kind of embarrassing. Let?s just say there was a typographical error with a sex manual.  How about you?
 Excuse me? Could you help me with something? The patient I?m looking for has a broken leg and is in a wheelchair. And umm, he?s like early to mid-thirties, very attractive.
Oh yay! Great! Okay, what room number is he in?
Ooh, this is it!  Oh, that?s him! That?s him!
Wait a second, or maybe you can go in first.
No not you, Dr. Drake Remoray. You can ask him questions and see what?s he like. People tell doctors everything.
But lately all the guys I meet seem really nice at first, then they turn out to be the biggest jerks.
Okay I?ve got one for you, if you had too which one would you rather eat, a seeing eye dog or a talking gorilla?
Somebody went to college. Wow.  What is it? I?m sorry. 
Cliff, do you really believe that a character from a TV show was here in your room?
Okay. Okay. I?Okay umm?this?I-I sent my friend Joey in here to find out stuff about you. Umm y?know, if it helps you came off great. A lot better than I?m coming off right now.
You?re right, that was wrong. I?m sorry. I?m so sorry. It?s just that I liked you so much. Can we just, can we just start over?
Uh Joey, we?re trying to dial down the crazy.
Umm, look we don?t, we don?t really know each other so it would be really easy to just forget about this, but there seems to be something between us. And I don?t know about you but that doesn?t happen to me a lot.
Okay, my turn. My turn.  Oh! You?re so cute! Oh, I could squeeze your little head!  I won?t. 
Oh, wait a minute it?s not gonna be Baby Girl? I thought that was so original!
I just can?t decide who she looks more alike, you or Rachel?
I?m sorry, for the last time, why aren?t you two together again?  No, I know. I know, because you?re not in that place. Which would be fine, except you totally are.
Yeah that?s true. Yeah, you love her. You always have. You have a child together. There is no right answer.
I know. I know. I know. I know, and if you try to make it more you might wreck it.
Right.  Or you might get everything you?ve wanted since you were fifteen.
 Oh and I need to talk to you.
To see if know what these guys are talking about. Opening Credits
 Have umm, have you thought anymore about you and Rachel?
Yay! It?s so exciting! Wow, you could?ve done that with us there.
Oh sure okay, you can touch yourself in front of us but you can?t talk to Rachel.
Oh please! Just before when you were asleep in the lounge! That Armenian family was watching you instead of the TV. Oh, that reminds me. That Mr. Hasmeje still has my Gameboy.
Are you kidding? I?m like the one who talked him into it. I like to think of myself as the puppet master of the group.
I just talked him into it, don?t tell me I have to do you too. The puppet master gets tired people.
Why?! You two are so meant to be together, everybody thinks so.
Although he does play with himself in his sleep.
Congratulations! I didn?t want to say anything in front of Joey ?cause I didn?t know if he knew yet.
No! No, that you and Rachel are engaged!
Oh, it?s a secret. Oh goodie! Yes! We haven?t done the secret thing in a long time.
Are you lying? Is this like that time you tried to convince us that you were a doctor?
All right, me too.  Should we wake her up?
Perhaps because you gave her an engagement ring? Y?know Ross doctors are supposed to be smart.
Huh, I might be losing interest in this.
No! No, she said you actually proposed to her.
No they ran out of "It?s a girl" but I can fix this one,  See?
She?s just so cute! I just wanna bite her ear off and use it and a sucking candy.
I dunno, well he got over the "We were on a break" thing really quickly.
Oh no, Rach, no no, you know you?re never supposed to wake a sleeping baby.
I can say I told you so but she?s kinda doing that for me.
It really does? how long do you think we have to stay?
Well, alright, we already tried feeding her, changing her, burping her, oh try this one! Go back in time and listen to Phoebe!
Yeah, no kidding, this just proves no good can come from having sex with Ross!
Alright you guys, we can?t turn on each other, Okay? That?s just what she wants.
Well alright, looks like you guys have got it under control so I?m just gonna go.  No! Really? Misery really does love company. All right! 
I have to go scream into a pillow. 
I can hear traffic and birds! I can hear the voices in my head again!  I?m kidding. 
Thankfully you don?t need me at all  so Okay Super aunt see you later! Rachel let?s give it six to eight months .
It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby. It's just so grown up.
You know, I might know somebody. Hey, how about you set me up with someone, and we double date!
Let's see!  Oh, you know who's great? Sandy Poophack.
Yeah... All right, well that rules out Lana Titweiller
So how is this for our big double date tonight? 
Ooh, great! Just the reaction I was hoping for.
Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen. She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't tell you how I know this, but she' not opposed to threesomes. So tell me some about my guy.
Come on, give me something. What's his name?
All right, we'll se you and Mike at the restaurant in a couple hours. Joey and
Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do you and Joey know each other anyway?
Wow, you guys go way back then. So what are you up to these days?
Wow, that's great! I liked that better than the law thing, so...
You know, it's so surprising that you and Joey have known each other for so long and I've never heard about you.
Mike, let me ask you something. How many sisters does Joey have?
Joey, why did you set me up with a stranger?
 You are unbelievable! I spent so much time finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is really smart and cute and loose. Mary
Who are you kidding?  You just find some guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is humiliating!
That's true.  Well, is anything you told me about yourself true?
That wouldn't stand in the way of a true pianist.
You are really good! I play a little guitar myself.
Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' covers.
 Oh, you just caught me off guard! Yeah, that would be nice.
oh hey Ross oh I'm so glad someone's here could you zip me up?
thank you can you believe no one between my apartment and here offered to do that for me.
oh umm Mike's picking me up for a date.
oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
yea you know you are a bit of a drama queen.
I wouldn't say never, you know there's that guy  well what about  ok well there's gotta be someone.
I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god  what's wrong with me.
least you've been married, OH MY GOD! I wanna trade lives with Ross 
nothing, I'm excited about our date, Mike this is Ross Geller this is Mike Haaaaa 
well it was awful every time I thought about what you said I started crying.
well you not what you should feel terrible about, this could have been my serious guy he was sweet and smart and funny. Do you know how hard it is to meet a guy like that?
HEY! Mike called were going out again! YAY! YAY! 
 If you hadn't just had a baby with my best friend I swear to Lucifer a rabid dog would be feasting on your danglers RIGHT NOW!
I'm not going along with some lie you made Ross, No I'm just gonna be honest with him.
yeah I've nothing to be ashamed of ok so I haven't been in a relationship that lasted longer then a month. Ok I haven't had a real boyfriend you know if he can't handle that he can leave. which he will and that's ok. so I'll just be alone forever you know alright I'll be. it'll be fine. it'll be fine. I'll go walking tours with widows and lesbians. Oh 
Uh huh yeah  there's just something umm, there's something you should know  Vicrum just called.
.and I said Vicrum you can't just call every time you get lonely you know, you, you gave up that right when you slept with Rachel.
yeah well  yeah you know Emma's birth certificate might say Geller but her eyes say Mookurgee.
I know but he call's and my heart goes to him. You know that bastard is one smooth talking free lance kite designer.
well there is no Vicrum, Ross made him up because I never really have been in a long-term relationship, I've never lived with a guy, and I've never even celebrated an anniversary so.  if that's too weird for you and you wanna leave I totally understand. In fact I'll close my eye's make it less awkward  You kissed me.
so you don't think I'm a total freak
I guess so, can I. can I think it's cool that you kiss me and also wanna kiss you again  and umm, be a little concerned about the magic markers.
you know maybe this is a wake up call, about your whole dating attitude. Your in your thirty's and you've never had a serious relationship and you have never been in a long term relationship, here you go from woman to woman, meaningless experience to meaningless experience never even worrying that it doesn't tern into anything serious.
Oh hey you guys, I couldn't get a reservation for the night of my birthday, so we have to do dinner Thursday night instead.
No! It's my first birthday with a boyfriend, and he has to work. Uch, I get mad at him, but I think it's a little to soon to show my true colors.
Alright, okay, so we can all go now. That is fun. Hey, you know what? We all haven't been together the six of us in such a long time.
Wow, so glad I changed. Almost weared my ??? outfit that can't contain my breasts.
Ohh. Oh wait!  you guys won't be late for my dinner, will you?
'kay, see you there. Happy humping!  Hey...hey! Oh, wow, somebody smoked out here? Oh my god, don't people know, you're not allowed to smoke in public spaces?
Are you kidding? The woman has the nose of a bloodhound ... and the breasts of a great goddess.
I'm starving. I know we were coming here tonight, I ate nothing all day.
Yes, they are expected presently. Yeah, yeah um, their arrival is in the offing.
Joseph!  Thou needn't worry, they shan't be long.
One really does have a stick up one's ass. Doesn't one?
No, you can't go. No-no-no, I can't hold this table on my own. If they ask me to move, I cave.
Okay, fine, I'll move. Alright, you don't have to manhandle me.  Where?  Okay. Thank you. Wach.
Well, I guess they're not coming. You wanna just order?
Tomato tart and which of the pastas would you recommend?
You guys are over an hour late. What happened to you two?
And that's Judy over there at the bar with Emma?
You guys, we've been waiting for you for a long time, maybe you should order.
 Oh, for god's sake, Judy, pick up the sock! Pick up the sock! Pick up the sock!  I'm sorry, was that rude? Di-did my, my li-little outburst blunt  the hideousness  that is this evening? Look, I know, you all have a lot going on, but all I wanted to do was have dinner with my friends on my birthday. And you are all so late and you didn't even have the courtesy to call.  Well, it's too late now.
well, this is, this is, this is not over!  Hello?
Mhuh, guys, that means the world to me. Huh, nkay, I'm gonna take off.
Oh, I love you guys too, but Mike got off work early. Wait. Wait, I'm not t--not that kind of girl that just ditches her friends to be with her boyfriend. You know what? I am. Bye guys!  Judy! Bye.
Well, okay, Mike's taking a shower, which by the way there's no law against. And then we're gonna grab some food, so if you want... 
Yeah, you're right. This is none of our business.
Oh, I'm not gonna do this, okay? I'm not gonna eavesdrop on my friend.
We've got shoes being kicked off over here.
You gotta hear this, it's great... It's like free porn!  
Oh, we're just... we're sad to go so we're just saying goodbye to the hotel.  I love you... Paradise Hotel, Golf resort and Spa... 
Shhh... This is the listening side of the wall. 
Oh no... Have you thought about it how complicated this could get? What about Ross?
Oh yeah, oh, she went to the salon alright... 
Uhm... You know, once we're in the air and the captain turns off the seatbelt sign... you feel free to roam about my cabin...
No, I think I can come over. It's Saturday, right?
You have a... You have a date? With who?
Three months? Okay... This is probably none of my business, but uhm, how long do you think you're gonna keep seeing her?
Oh, okay... good. You do that. And then when you get home, maybe there'll be a special delivery package waiting for you.
You know what, we're gonna have sex. Let's just leave it there. 
Yeah, you can't do that! Oh, come on Mike, strap on a pair.Why don't you just tell her that we got back together. You know, women appreciate honesty. We also appreciate gentle spanking once in a while. Just F.Y.I.
Her name is Precious? Is she a purebreed or did you pick her up at the pound?
Okay, oh and you know, if she gets upset, just scratch her tummy and give her a liver snout.  
Okay, bye. Alright, so Mike's on his way over. See, you thought you guys were meeting here, and he thought you were meeting at the restaurant, so you know... Doesn't really matter who's right or wrong. Point is... I'm gonna take off.
Yeah, I can't say that. uhm... Susie, I'm gonna be straight with you... Mike and I are back together... and uhm... unfortunately that effectively ends your relationship with him. And he's very sorry about that and wishes you the best of luck in all your endeavours.
Damn it woman, pull yourself together! Have some pride, for the love of God. 
Okay, not a fan of the tough love.
But he didn't really know, you know. He wasn't planning on coming to Barbados and proposing to me...
Look, Precious... Mike's not worth this. You're an attractive, intelligent woman and let's face it, Mike's kind of a wang. I mean, he proposed to me while he was still seeing you... He was gonna break-up with you on your birthday? And, I don't like to kiss-and-tell, but he cheated on you a lot this weekend.
Hey, have you seen Frank Jr., 'cause he's meeting me here with the triplets.
Ooh, babies! Oh, this one is so cute, get this one!
Well, if you're having a hard time, you should talk to my friends, Bill and Colleen. They adopted a kid. I'm sure they'd help you.
Oh, god. So adorable. Look at them sleeping there like angels. Frank
Well, they may be a handful, but they're so cute. Frank
Oh, god, the last time I babysat them, they did the funniest thing.. Frank
Yeah, I know, Frank. I counted them when they were coming out of my area. Frank
Oh my god, Frank, are you thinking of leaving? Because I didn't have those triplets so you could just run out on them! Frank
What?! You can't separate them! That's terrible. Which one?
Okay, well, this is crazy. Can't seriously be talking about me taking one of your kids, can we? Frank
Alice would never go for it, right? Frank
Well, just you know, for argument's sake, you know, hypothetically. Which one would you be willing to give up? Frank
Well, alright, that's fine. What about Leslie? Frank
Wow, Frank. I think we just ran out of kids. Frank
I'm sorry, Frank. I didn't realise things were so bad. You know, I'll help out more. I can - I can babysit any time you want. You name the day, and I'll be there. Frank
Well, that's not good. But you know, I can move some stuff around, and I'll be there. You and Alice just take the whole day together. Frank
Are you kidding? That's what sisters are for. Frank Jr. 
Oh, you won't believe who moved back to town.
You know what Amanda said to me when she got me on the phone?  "Oh, so sorry to catch one of your Mo-Bile!" If-if you don't wanna get me on my mo-Bile, don't call me on my mo-Bile!"
Oh, I know! "Oh...I slept with Billy Joel". All right, who hasn't?
Cut her out of our lives! Just ignore her calls and dodge her 'till she gets the point!
Oh, yeah. Could be Rachel asking if someone could baby-sit again.
Oh, you're right! I was just kidding about Rachel. Babysitting is a gas! 
Why, why, why didn't you just say no!
 Fine, fine! You would not hold up well under torture!
Oh! Well, what kind of emergency that gets us both out of here?
Yeah well, in America you're just an "ass". 
Oh Chandler! Thank God you're alive. Monica, can I talk to you outside for a minute?
It was right after we were living together and you were driving me crazy, okay? You were really controlling and compulsive and shrill.
You're also so generous and kind and scrappy!
Exactly! Look, no matter what I tried to do, I couldn't keep you out of my life. Of all the people I have cut out, you were the only one who ever clawed her way back in.
Yeah, you are. And I'm so glad that you fought your way back in, because I don't know what I would do without you.
Oooh, I love family traditions like that. When uhm... when Ursula and I were kids, on our birthday, our stepdad would sell his blood to buy us food!
Oh, COOL!! Wow, it's like a time capsule!
Oh, just think... she's gonna be watching that video on a TV that hasn't even been invented yet! With friends who right now are just like babies! And they'll be living in a floating city that the humans built to escape the ant people!
Or you could stick a fork in an apple!
 Are you gonna be embarrassed going up there having nothing prepared?
That's right, I've prepared a song for Emma. From my heart to hers. For there's no greater gift, than the gift of music.  Emma! Your name poses a dilemma. 'Cause not much else rhymes with Emma! Maybe the actor Richard Crenna, he played the commanding officer in Rambo. Happy birthday Emma!
No, of course not! I also, you know, prepared a reading . Sex and the single mother.  Finding your G-spot.
And you know, I have a massage client soon.
Well, if you're leaving, I'm definitely gonna go.
Oh no! He's not getting away that easy! 
Joey? How could you just let them leave?
Wh.. what? No wait, you don't get to leave! I've got a massage client waiting outside my door any minute!
Well, oh, ok now... Only one of us has to stay with Emma. Ok, and as the person who realized that, I get to go!
I just felt so bad, missing this. So I just slipped him a little something, you know. As long as I'm back in five or six hours, it will be alright. 
Yes, I do! Today is Mike and my one-year anniversary.
Hey, you know what, I've never had a one-year anniversary before, so no matter where we go, I'm wearing something fancy pants, and... I'm gonna put on my finest jewelry and we're gonna have sex in a public rest room.
Excuse me, anniversary. Excuse me, anniversary. . Uhm, sir, could you move your nachos... they're in my seat. It's my anniversary.  Here we are! . Can't believe it's been a whole year!
ME TOO! I NEVER THOUGHT I COULD LOVE SOMEONE THIS MUCH!
YOU'RE SO GENEROUS AND KIND AND  YOU'RE AMAZING IN BED   IT'S OUR ANNIVERSARY!
Oh how lame... oh, it's so tacky, and impersonal.
Hi. I just had the worst anniversary ever.
We were at the game, and this guy proposed to his girlfriend on the big screen thing...
Well, that's what I said, but it turns out, Mike was planning on proposing to me that same way last night!
Yeah, I really do! Yes, but, after I dumped on the way he was gonna propose to me, I don't think he's ever gonna ask again! I mean, I said no in Barbados and now this!
Oh, I don't know, I don't know, isn't that a little desperate?
Ok, ok, so how should I do it?
Yeah, that does make sense. Ok, now, would... would you two  like that?
No, I've got work and then I'm proposing..
I'm not. I'm praying.  Please let the Knicks win... Thank you Thor!  Where... where are you going?
Well, if you don't... if you don't hold it in, you don't get all the nutrients.
That woman at the game didn't know what she was talking about. Mike, obviously you have balls.
 I would love it. Consider it forgotten... But just so you know... however and whenever you decide to propose, I promise I'll say yes. Whether... whether, you know, it is in a basketball game, or in sky writing, or you know, like some lame guy in a cheesy movie who hides it in the cake. 
What's the matter with me? How do I keep ruining this? I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Oh, I'm just so exhausted from dragging around this...  HUGE engagement ring!
Well, it was really sweet, and like the most romantic thing ever.
Thank you!  Oh, and I have something for you!
It's, yes, my little black book. It's got the numbers of all the guys I've dated.
Dead.  Oh, it's OK, no, he was old, yeah! And he lived a full life, he was in the first wave at Omaha Beach.
Well, I told you I had to spend all the day clearing out stuff, so Mike could move in.
Oh, it's so hard to get rid of stuff! Did you and Chandler have to make compromises when you first moved in together?
A bunch of stuff. And the worst one... he wants me to get rid of Gladys.
Yeah. I really hate to give her up. Oh, I know!! Oh, you should take her!
Ok, I'll fight for her. Ok! Oh, wait, oh I just realized... if I do that, that means you don't get her.
No, he really hates it. But he's gonna let me keep my box of human hair! So you got to pick your battles. But the good news is, Gladys is yours!
Oh, she's that work of art I made, you know, with the woman coming out of the frame.
Oh, I didn't know you wanted her too!
Girls, girls, stop, ok? We'll flip a coin. Heads, she's Rachel's, tails she's Monica's. . Tails! Monica, she's yours!
 Well, Gladys say hello to your new home! 
 Yeah, yeah! And you can get rid of that French poster.
Really? It doesn't have anything coming out of it. Or maybe there is some place for her in your bedroom?
You guys! You guys! You don't have to fight over her anymore.  Whoever doesn't get Gladys gets Glynnis. 
It's really crazy! The hall, the dress, the food... I-I had no idea how expensive this stuff was!
So what did you two do about it?
But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use?
Yeah! Now, how would you feel if we gave all the wedding money to charity and we just got married at City Hall?
Yes. We're here to make a rather sizeable donation to the children. Charity
Well, I think you're gonna appreciate it the crap out of this one  Charity
And we don't want any recognition. This is completely anonymous.
Sure, I so glad we did this. It feels so good!
Oh, look! And we get these free t-shirts!  Charity
Awe, this is so sweet of you! But you know what? I won't be needing a veil, I actually won't be wearing a dress at all!
No, no, no, we're not having a big reception, we took the money we were gonna spend on a wedding and we donate them to the children charity.
We, you know, we're different! We don't care about having a huge party.  This is really nice for you, but, oh, please, I put this on?  And, ow, I look , why, well, radiant.  All right, well, who cares, I don't need a pretty veil and a fancy dress.
It's ok, it's ok. I made my decision. What I really want is a great big wedding 
It's for our wedding day! Right, now, is this guy gay or straight, because one of us gonna have to start flirting. Charity
The donation we made earlier, we k..., we w..., we want it back. Charity
Yeah. See, that money was for a big wedding, that we thought we didn't want, but it turns out we do. Charity
I am sorry. I am, but this wedding is just really important to me. Charity
Hey, that's not fair! A person's wedding is important! And especially to me! Ok? I didn't have a graduation party! And I didn't go to Prom. And I spent my sweet sixteen being chased round a tire yard by an escaped mental patient who is his own words wanted to "kill me" or whatever. So I deserve a real celebration and I am not gonna let some sweaty little man make me feel badly about it.
 Oh! It ended okay. One of my friends shot him.
Yeah, I really do. You know, I had nothing growing up.  Just like the kids I took the money from.
Look, I can't have a wedding with this money now. It's tainted.
And if that guy at the charity gives us a hard time, my friend hasn't shot anyone in a really long time.
Yeah, because you know what, it's... it's all about the children. 
Although... it's also about the wedding... Ugh, alright... here.  No... Oh God... Oh! Charity
But... but... but we're giving you this! Charity
Well, personally I think it's great you're giving yourself a break.
Sure. It's just as well... I mean, last year wasn't very good. I think she's losing her touch.
Am I? Really? Am I? Well, why don't you cook Thanksgiving dinner and prove me wrong! Well, think about it, think about it, you'll be trying to top than you did last year. You'd be in competition... with yourself.
Well, I wanna enter her in a baby beauty pageant.
Okay, but, well, before you say no, my friend Susanne is entering her kid and compared to Emma she's a real dog!
Okay, oh, and Emma needs a cowgirl outfit for the competition.
We can't leave now! There was this one baby, Haley, who was favourite to win and she got croup, so she had to stay home! This competition just blew wide open, folks!
Oh, I know, we should have been more prepared.  It's okay. Now, the way I see it, our real competition now is Cameron. Oh my God, they just took her sweater off. Look at those arms! Hello Michelin Man.
 But Emma's got what it takes, she could go all the way!
Okay. Rachel, the hottest babies in the Tri-State Area are in this room right now! I overheard one of the judges say that not one of them holds a candle to Emma!
Good! Oh yay! Let's get down to business! Emma needs some makeup!
Well, she's gonna look all washed out next to the other contestants!
And it looks like she put makeup on her!
You guys, there are people in there who are not getting any happier!
Oh, good, that's good, but you don't look like you were mugged!
We're just... we're trying to figure out an excuse. Hey! Ooh! How about
Well, I'm not going in first. I bet that vein on Monica's forehead is popping like crazy.
Oh, really? Does it beat water balloon? .
Well, I don't know if that's such a good idea. They clearly don't want to be with us.
Pies, oh, we thought you said priiiize . Here! . 
Come on you guys, let's just do our own Thanksgiving.
I've already stuffed a bunch of Brussel sprouts down his pants.
Just a sec., we're kind in the middle of something here. 
Oh, that's Sarah. No, no. Don't you get any ideas, ok? No, I'm not setting you up with any more of my friends!
Because you'll date her once, sleep with her and then forget she exists!
Well, you know, if you want fashion help, Rachel and I are going shopping tomorrow. You're more than welcome to come with us, right?
Oh, my friend Sarah had a great time last night.
Yeah! So you're gonna call this one back?
That's it? That's why you won't go out with her again? So, she took some fries, big deal!
I'm sorry, I can't believe I set you up with such a MONSTER!
Joey and my friend were out last night and having dinner and she reaches over and takes a few of his fries...
Well, I still think that it's a stupid reason not to call someone again. You are calling her! And if you need to, just get an extra plate of fries for the table!
Yeah, yeah but I am not sure about some of the bra's I got.
Oh! okay. Wait, are we in Joey's imagination?
oh, well, Ross probably has it, you can get it from him later.
If you had to, what would you give up, food or sex?
Ross, how about you. What would you give up, sex or food?
Oh, she looks just like a little doll!
Oh, thank God, 'cause that thing's really creepy!  Look, there's Chandler. 
You know, I'm always right about these things.
Well, I'm sorry but it's hard to believe that anyone would tell a story that dull just to tell it!  See, there's something going on with them. Look, he's getting into the car with her!
Oh yeah? Well, let's see.  Ok, duck down. 
Oh, hi Chandler. It's Phoebe. Uhm... I know that Monica is working today so... ...I was wondering if you want to come to the movies with me and Rachel.
 Oh, well, it's a shame that you-that you miss the movie 'cause we were gonna see, you know, either "Liar, Liar" or "Betrayal", or... "An Affair To Remember".
 Okay, we-we'll talk to you later. Okay, bye.
Ok. Quick. We gotta find a cab and follow them.
All right. . He is a good guy. You?re right, he wouldn?t cheat.
Well, look, whatever happens, we?re here for you and we love you. Monica
Have you thought about what you would be giving up? You can't move out of the city, what if you want Chinese food at 5am? Or a fake Rolex that breaks as soon as it rains or an Asian hooker sent right to your door?
Wha..? Again with the nature, what are you? Beavers?
You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
 Eww, look. Ugly Naked Guy lit a bunch of candles. 
Hey, it?s your Thanksgiving too, y'know, instead of watching football, you could help. The
Oh my God! Monica's gonna totally freak out!
Well, of course it smells really bad. You have your head inside a turkey's ass! 
Ok, you guys, I don?t mean to make things worse, but umm, I don?t want to live with Rachel anymore. Monica and
You?re just so mean to each other! And I don?t want to end up like that with Rachel. I still like you!
That?s nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Yeah, you don't wanna live in Westchester. That's like the worst of the Chesters.
Oh! These are the ones I was looking at in the store. 
Oh my God, it's all so elegant! When's the dirty stuff starting?
You know, the strippers, and the guys dancing, and you know, pee-pee's flying about.
Oh, ok. I see what you're doing, that's fine. This is all there is, just tea, uh, ok.  Hmmmm... raunchy!
Really? So this is... this is my big send off in the married life? Rachel this is the only bachelorette party I'm ever gonna have! I've got a big wad of ones in my purse! Really? I mean, really? It's just tea?
Oh God no, I don't wanna see him take his clothes off!
This is how I look when I'm turned on!
No, you're not gonna pay him, he didn't do anything!
I don't care. We're not paying you 300 dollars for this.
Oh yeah, okay. I'm uptight. Yeah, that's why I don't want to watch a middle aged guy dance around in what I can only assume is a child halloween costume! 
I'm sorry, did you say all man or old man?
Or you could teach stripping. You know, share your gift, pass the torch.
There you go. Okay, do you think you're gonna be okay?
Yeah, yeah. He deserves to do the thing he loves one last time.
Listen, I need to ask you something. Ok, you know how my step dad's in prison.
Yeah. Well, uhm... listen he was supposed to get a weekend furlough, so he'd come to the wedding tomorrow, but he just called and... uhm... well, apparently stabbing Iceman in the exercise yard just couldn't wait till Monday.
No, and so there's no one to walk me down the aisle and... well, I would just really love it if you would do it.
Yeah, you've... you know, sort of been like a dad to me. I mean, you've always, you know, looked out for me and shared your wisdom...
Oh, thank you. I hope... I hope you know how much you mean to me.
 Oh, it's my wedding planner. She's driving me crazy!  Hello... Hey, ok, stop screaming! Ok? So, halibut. All right, so salmon, either way. I don't-I don't... it doesn't matter to me!
Why, I must have been in missile training the day they taught that.
Ok, so... 1800 minus twelve is... one thousand, seven hundred and...
Ice sculpture? That sounds really fancy! I told you I just want a simple wedding.
What harpist? My friend Marjorie is playing the steel drums.
 Hey! She will shower when Tibet is free.
Okay, what did we say was your one gift to us?
I'm sorry you guys but, you know, Mike's got his brother and his friends from school so... you know, you were-you were... if it helps you, you were next in line, you just-you just missed the cut.
Oh! I though the pot stickers were supposed to be vegetarian!
Oh no, no. I can't choose between you two! I love you both so much!
Oh, I don't wanna choose! It's . Oh okay, wait. Rach! Listen I have a very special bridesmaid task for you today.
Well, there's a spot open for only one groomsman and you have to choose between Ross and Chandler. So good luck with that.
All right, I guess I'll have to find a new bridesmaid.
Ok. Hello everyone and thank you all for being here tonight. So tomorrow's the big event and some of you might not know, but Mike and I didn't get off to the best start. . My friend Joey and I decided to fix each other up with friends so I, I...  oh I... hum... I gave it a lot of thought and I fixed him up with my friend Mary Ellen who couldn't be here tonight because...  it's not important... she is in rehab. Anyway, so, ok, Joey said that he was fixing me up with his friend Mike, only he didn't have a friend Mike so he just brought, uhm, my Mike and, and  but despite, you know... it got... it got good. Ok, I wanna take a moment to mention my mother, who couldn't be here... Monica 
And... moment's over!  So, ok, uh, I can forget that. I can forget that and uhm...  Oh this is funny! Oh, but you need to know that to... that, to... Oh, ok, well, uhm, I . Ok, ok, I, ok, I.... MONICA I CAN'T DO IT LIKE THIS! THIS IS MY WEDDING! OKAY, I DON'T WANT THIS  OR THIS  OR THIS  OK? I JUST WANTED A SIMPLE WEDDING! WHERE MY FIANCEE CAN GO TO THE BATHROOM ANYTIME HE WANTS!  You know what? You're done.
Oh, well that's ok. I think you and I will do much better if you're just... here as a bridesmaid.
Sven I don't understand what you're saying! What is wrong with the flowers? Lorkins? What the hell are lorkins?
Listen, Mike, if you were Swedish and you were saying the word "lorkins" what flowers would that be?
No! We're gonna do it my way.  Because your way is stupid! Alright I gotta go, I have another call, Reverend.  Hello? 
 Oh my God, everything is such a mess. Why is this happening to me?
Alright, wait, so what you're saying is that the chef is at the Hamilton Club, but the food is not and the drinks are there, but the bartender is not? Are you, are you FREAKING KIDDING ME!?
I want you to be Crazy Bitch again.
Me too!  Monica, do you think we could do it?
Uhuh, uhuh... Oh my God! This is really happening.
I don't care... I'll be my something blue.
When I was growing up, I didn't have a normal mom and dad, or a regular family like everybody else, and I always knew that something was missing. But now I'm standing here today, knowing that I have everything I'm ever gonna need... You are my family. 
Oh wait, oh I forgot... and uhm... I love you... and you have nice eyes.
I got married!  Could someone get me a coat, I'm freaking freezing.  COMMERCIAL BREAK
Oh, he's at the doctor, he didn't poop the whole time we were there!
Oui, bien sur je parle Fran?ais! Qu'est-ce que tu penses alors?
Sure! Tout le plaisir est pour moi, mon ami.
All right, it seems pretty simple. Your first line is "My name is Claude", so, just repeat after me. "Je m'appelle Claude".
All right, let just try it again. Really listen.
Ok. What are you gonna be doing today?
Noooo! Ok, maybe if we just break it down. Ok, let's try at one syllable at a time. Ok? So repeat after me. "je".
Ok, it's too hard, I can't teach you!
I, I have to go before I put your head through a wall. 
Listen, I feel really badly about yesterday and I thought about it a lot and, and I know, I was too impatient. SO lets try it again.
Well, you're not,  You're not... you're not... again, you're not SPEAKING FRENCH!
 Uh, excuse me. Uh, I am Regine Philange. I was passing by when I heard this man speaking the regional dialect of my French town of Estee Lauder.
?coutez, je vais vous dire la verite. C'est mon petit fr?re. Il est un peu retarde.
Alors, si vous pouviez jouer le jeu avec lui...
You can drink a gallon of milk in 10 seconds?
Come on! You can drink a gallon of milk in 10 seconds?
I do, he's been working on that all day!  OPENING CREDITS
Hey Mon? Was it weird changing your name to Geller-Bing?
Thanks! Honey, would you want me to take your name?
All right, let's see, call me mrs Hannigan.
What? Can't you see I'm in the middle of something? Ooh, I like it.
Joey, you can't make someone do something they don't want to do. Believe me, there's something I've been trying to get Mike to do in bed and there's... he's just...
All right, prude... Look, Monica and Chandler really love this house. You are not gonna talk them into staying here.
 This place is so depressing. If I had to work here I'd kill myself.  But you obviously haven't.
I need to change my name, please. See, I need to change it because I'm-I'm hiding from the law.  You're fun.
Okay, well, I just don't, I don't know how it works exactly. See, my name is Buffay and my husband's name is Hannigan, so is it supposed to be Buffay-Hannigan or Hannigan-Buffay?
Wrong again! Apparently you can change it to anything you want. So I thought, all right, here's an opportunity to be creative. So meet Princess Consuela Banana Hammock.
Uhm, no. I'm gonna have my friends call me Valerie. 
What are you, what are you talking about? How did this happen?
And to knowing that your career doesn't mean everything. 
Why? It's fun, it's different, no-one else has a name like it.
Great, okay, what are you gonna change it to?
Uhu, uhu, well, then, great. If you love it, I love it.
Oh hi Rita! Good!  Oh, Rita's a massage client.
 Okay, I will.  This is my husband Crap Bag.
Yeah... Ogh... Okay, fine. You made your point. Can you please just be Mike Hannigan again?
Well, I think that shirt makes you look like you should work at a Baskin Robbins... Anyway... Hey, isn't Joey's agent Estelle Leonard?
Yeah, last Saturday. Wow! She was the first black man to fly solo across the Atlantic.  Oh, wait a minute, I read the wrong one.
Well, we cannot tell Joey about this. He's already flipping out about everything that's changing. This will push him over the edge.
Well, not for a little while. Let's just give him a few days to get used to everything else.
Well, no, no, wait, wait, wait. All right, I gotta go. Just listen. Promise me, that you will wait a minute before you call her.
Because a promise between friends means never having to give a reason. 
Hey Joey, want come with me to? are you ok?
No, that wouldn't kill her. Ordinary embolism might.
No, no, no! Don't call her! You wait for her to call you 
Because patience is the road to understanding  which ... is the key... to a happy heart.
 All right, so promise you're gonna wait for her to call you?
Yeah, I wanted to call and tell you that there's no hard feelings for firing me.
Well, I didn't think I should just drop by...
Anyway, you did what you had to do. I'm okay.
 It's alright. Look kiddo, I gotta go. Good luck with the career. You're gonna be huge.
Oh, he has a gig. I kinda like being married to a rock star, you know. My husband has a gig.
Oh, he's playing organ for a children's roller-skating party.
Yes! You know, in six months the Statute of Limitations runs out and I can travel internationally again!
Ok well, before you do, I know we weren't supposed to get you going away presents,  but I do have something for you.
It's a cotton swab with a bit of my saliva on it, so that if they perfect the cloning process while you are over there, you can use the DNA to create your own Pheebs!
I love you too.  Please don't... Don't turn into... you know... French bitch! 
She's gonna say goodbye to each of us individually.
Yeah, I know, it's gonna be even worse for you... God... Ross, get ready to do some serious crying.
These are not mine... Look how flimsy they are, come on! Good God! You try to hang a guy from a waterpipe with these, they'll snap like a piece of licorice.
I don't know. But, God, Joey seems to be handling it suprisingly well. 
You know, maybe she was just really spent from our talk. It was pretty intense.
Ross, if you're this upset, you should go and talk to her.
All right, I think I'm gonna head out.
I thought I was going home to go to bed, but I'm sensing there's something less fun for me to do here.
Yeah, you got to get to the hospital.
