I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine, pulled it out of my mouth and tied it around my neck...
No, no don't! Stop cleansing my aura! No, just leave my aura alone, okay? I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be very happy.
No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know, how should I know?
I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again! 
 No, go on! It's Paul the Wine Guy! 
So Rachel, what're you, uh... what're you up to tonight?
Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon, God.. No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year... talk about your-  -big lizards... Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put togethe r my new furniture.
 I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little whim guys. I have no brackety thing, I see no whim guys whatsoever and- I cannot feel my legs. 
 This was Carol's favourite beer. She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
 Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you? Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to- to ask a woman out,... who am I gonn a ask?   SCENE
I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than 'to get you into bed'.
Okay.  You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket.
No, it's good, it is good, it's just that- mm- doesn't she seem a little angry?
Marsha, these are cave people. Okay? They have issues like 'Gee, that glacier's getting kinda close.' See?
Okay, okay, yes, it is.  How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age. 
You look great. I, uh... I hate that.
Ah, well, in here, anyone who... stands erect... So what's new? Still, uh...
Well... you never know. How's, um.. how's the family?
Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now. 
Well, Carol says she and Susan want me to be involved, but if I'm not comfortable with it, I don't have to be involved.. basically it's entirely up to me.
Anyway, they want me to go down to this- sonogram thing with them tomorrow.
I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father. 
I- I think they're great! I, I really do. Mr.
 Okay! Okay.  Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby.  Mrs.
Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done.
Anyway.. um..  So, you- uh- you nervous about Barry tomorrow?
Well, you may wanna steer clear of the word 'dumped'. Chances are he's gonna be this, this broken shell of a man, y'know, so you should try not to look too terrific, I know it'll be hard. Or, y'know, uh, hey!, I'll go down there, and I'll give Barry back his ring, and you can go with Carol and Susan to the OB/GYN...
 Sorry I'm late, I was stuck at work. There was this big dinosaur.. thing.. anyway. 
 Hello, Susan.  Good shake. Good shake. So, uh, we're just waiting for...?
-she, of course, she- uh- familiar with our.. special situation?
So, um- so how's this, uh, how's this gonna work? Y'know, with us? Y'know, when, like, important decisions have to be made?
Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name?
Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia?
'S'funny, um, uh, we agreed we'd spend the rest of our lives together. Things change, roll with the punches. I believe Julia's on the table..?
Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title?
Oh, 's'funny, really? Um, I don't remember you making any sperm.
No no no, she gets a credit, hey, I'm in there too.
My way?! You-you think this is my way? Believe me, of all the ways I ever imagined this moment in my life being, this is not my way- y'know what? Uh, um, this is too hard. I'm not, I can't do- Dr.
You- uh- y'know what, I'm gonna go. I don't- I don't think I can be involved in this particular thing right now. 
That's funny, that, no, because, uh, our parents actually did, uh, send our dog off to live on a farm.
What? Wh- hello? The Millners' farm in Connecticut? The Millners, they had this unbelievable farm, they had horses, and, and rabbits that he could chase and it was- it w- .....Oh my God, Chi Chi! Opening Credits
Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit.
...I'll go. Let's start with the way he kept picking at- no, I'm sorry, I can't do this, can't do this. We loved him.
...So I think Alan will become the yardstick against which all future boyfriends will be measured.
You know what I like most about him, though?
The way he makes me feel about myself.
He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-...
Yeah, it's his, uh, innate Alan-ness that-that-that we adore.
Oh, now, don't listen to him, Pheebs, I think it's endearing.
You know, there's nothing wrong with speaking correctly.
Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself?
Okay. I think it's time to change somebody's nicotine patch. 
Hey Pheebs, you gonna have the rest of that Pop-Tart?.. Pheebs?
Who-who wants fair? Y'know, I just want things back. Y'know, the way they were.
Hey hey, we'll be fine. We're just gonna need a little time.
Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you?
It's okay, y'know, you just nodded off again.
So, I'm guessing you had an extra ticket and couldn't decide which one of you got to bring a date?
Oh my God, oh- is today the twentieth, October twentieth?
Today's the day Carol and I first.. consummated our physical relationship.  Sex. ..You know what, I-I'd better pass on the game. I think I'm just gonna go home and think about my ex-wife and her lesbian lover.
Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger?
Carol was wearing boots just like those the night that we- we first- y'know. Fact, she, uh- she never took'em off, 'cause we-we-  Sorry. Sorry. 
 Peach pit. That night we, uh- we had-
Then, uh, then we got dressed, and I-I... I walked her to the-  -the bus stop... I'm fine.
No, actually I was just saying it looks like we're not sitting together. But now you mention it, there was ice there that night... It was the first frost...
Get him! GET HIM! Get him! Get- YESSS! Not laughing now, are ya pal!
 Look, I don't wanna make any trouble, okay, but I'm in a lot of pain here, alright? My face is dented.
I remember the moonlight coming through the window- and her face had the most incredible glow.
Little louder, okay, I think there's a man on the twelfth floor in a coma that didn't quite hear you...
Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck?
The kid..?  Excuse me, uh, that's, that's my puck.
 Oh yeah? Well, I'm rubber, you're glue, whatever-  -can't do it.  Listen, uh- gimme back my puck.
Not that big a deal? It's amazing. Ok, you just reach in there, there's one little maneuver, and bam, a bra right out the sleeve. All right, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing a guy can do that even comes close. Am I right?
Oh, yeah, last week you had a wonderful, nutty, chocolatey kind of a cakey pie thing.  Nothing, just, just, I'm fine.
So, uh, Rachel, what are you, uh, what're you doing tonight?
Oh, you uh, you wanna hear a freaky coincidence? Guess who's doing laundry there too?
Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
Yes, I do have a laundry room in my building, um, but there's a.... rat problem. Apparently they're attracted to the dryer sheets, and they're goin' in fine, but they're comin' out all.... fluffy. Anyway, say, sevenish?
 Ok, bye.  Well, Monica's not coming, it's just gonna be me and Rachel.
So what're you saying here? I should shave again, pick up some wine, what?
Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
No suds? Excuse me, hold on a second.  That's my friend's machine.
Hey, hey, hey, that's not the rule and you know it. 
 All right, show's over. Nothing to see here.  Ok, let's do laundry.
Well, that's because you're such a sweet, gentle, uh...Do you, uh, do you...Oh, hey, uh you must need detergent. 
Rach, do you uh, are you gonna separate those?
Uh, well, don't worry, I'll use the gentle cycle. Ok, um, basically you wanna use one machine for all your whites, a whole nother machine for colors, and a third for your uh, your uh, delicates, and that would be your bras and your under-panty things.
 Uh, that, that, that would be a judgment call.
That does not sound stupid to me. You know, it's like the first time I had to make dinner for myself, after Carol left me?  I'm sorry, that's all the time we have. Next on Ross... Uh-oh.
 Uh-oh, uh-oh, the laundry's done. It's, uh, it's a song. The laundry song that we sing.  Uh-oh the laundry's done, uh-oh, uh-oh.
All right, all right, it's just that you left a red sock in with all your whites, and now, everything's kinda pink.
Yeah, uh, except for the red sock, which is still red. I'm sorry, please don't be upset, it could happen to anyone.
You got the clothes clean. Now that's the important part.
You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer?  I'm fine, I'm fine.
What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.
Oh, shhh, shh. Magic is about to happen. 
He could never get a woman like that in a million years.
No, of course not!  ...Yeah, yeah, it is.
Well, y'know, monogamy can be a, uh, tricky concept. I mean, anthropologically speaking- 
Alright. There's a theory, put forth by Richard Leakey-  SCENE
Oh yeah, nobody knows. And we're not supposed to ask.
Oh c'mon! When we were kids, yours was the only Raggedy Ann doll that wasn't raggedy!
Alright, you madcap gal. Try to imagine this. The phone bill arrives, but you don't pay it right away.
Because you're a kook! Instead you wait until they send you a notice.
You're right, you're right, it is...So you gonna invite us all to the big opening?  SCENE
Yeah, I mean- I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it- feel like your shot..?
And officiating at tonight's blackout, is Rabbi Tribbiani.
Disneyland, 1989, 'It's a Small World After All.'
The ride broke down. So, Carol and I went behind a couple of those mechanical Dutch children... then they fixed the ride, and we were asked never to return to the Magic Kingdom.
Well, it was the only thing to do there that didn't have a line.
Probably. But you know, I'll tell you something. Passion is way overrated.
It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
But, um... I don't think that's going to be you.
Uh-uh. See, I see.... big passion in your future.
No, no, no. I'm not in the zone.
I'm taking my time, alright? I'm laying the groundwork. Yeah. I mean, every day I get just a little bit closer to...
I will, I will. See, I'm waiting for the right moment.  What? What, now?
We're shushing... because... we're trying to hear something. Listen.  Don't you hear that?
You come out there, you're a dead man.
OK, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
OK. Here goes. For a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?
No, I mean tonight, in the building. Suddenly. Into our lives.
That, that is funny... .... and Rachel keeps touching him. 
 Blah blah blah, blah blah blah... blah blaaaaaah.... 
Wha-What did he say that was so funny?
Listen. Um, listen. Something you should... know... um, Rachel and I... we're kind of a thing.
No, no, no. Technically the... sex is not... being had, but that's... see, that's not the point. See, um, the point is that... Rachel and I should be, er, together. You know, and if you get in the.... um...
No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
That's funny, because you know, you are a huge crapweasel! 
OK, guys, guys? I have the definitive one. Mwwwooooo-hah-hah... 
Nono, me neither. Although, uh, y'know, back in college, Susan Sallidor did.
No. No, it's just 'cause, uh, I kinda wanted to go out with her too, so I told her, actually, you were seeing Bernie Spellman... who also liked her, so... 
 So he's calling from Rome. I could do that. Just gotta go to Rome.
Okay, relax, relax. We are gonna be here for a while, it looks like, and we still have boyfriends and your career to cover.
Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants. Mr.
Well, at least she's with Pop-Pop and Aunt Phyllis now.
Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite.. Mrs.
She's not- past, she's present, she's back. Aunt
I dunno, it's weird. I mean, I know she's gone, but I just don't feel, uh...
I thought it was gonna be a closed casket. Mrs.
I have shown you everything we have. Unless you want your mother to spend eternity in a lemon yellow pant-suit, go with the burgundy. Aunt
Oh! A fine choice. I'm coming out.  Aunt
And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier? Aunt
 Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work. Aunt
No! Nonono, wait a sec. I may have something in the back. 
Some days it's all I can think about.
What, we-uh- we don't have shoes here, or...?
I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff- 
I'm fine. Just-just... having my worst fear realised... Scene
I feel great. I feel- great, I fleel great.
Not the first two, but the second two- woooo! ...I love you guys. You guys are the greatest. I love my sister , I love Pheebs.. 
 And listen, man, if you wanna be gay, be gay. Doesn't matter to me.
Rachel. Rachel Rachel.  I love you the most.
Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
 Nono, that would be me again. I'm, uh, just trying something. End credits.
 Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving.
Will you make the mashed potatoes with the lumps?
 Ooh, ooh. Because she's my ex-wife, and will probably want to bring her, ooh, ooh, lesbian life partner.
Oh, I uh, just came by to pick up my skull. Well, not mine, but...
Thanks. Yeah, Carol borrowed it for a class, and I have to get it back to the museum.
Ok.  Wow, you guys sure have a lot of books about bein' a lesbian.
The uh, the baby that hasn't been born yet? Wouldn't that mean you're... crazy?
You're not serious, I mean, you really... you really talk to it?
Do you uh, do you talk about me?
Look, if she's talking to it, I just think that I should get some belly time too. Not that I believe any of this.
I don't know. It's just not the same without Mom in the kitchen.
Ok, I'm off to talk to my unborn child. 
Ok, ok, here we go.  Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
Ok, ok, ok, ok, here goes. You know, I, you know, can't do this. Uh, this is too weird. I feel stupid.
And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Oh, please. I am not singing to your stomach, ok? 
Shh!  Here we come, walkin' down the street, get the funniest looks from, everyone we meet. Hey, hey!  Hey, uh, did you just feel that?
Hey, hey, you're my baby, and I can't wait to meet you. When you come out I'll buy you a bagel, and then we'll go to the zoo.
Hey, hey, I'm your daddy. I'm the one without any breasts.
Here we come, walkin' down the--this doesn't smell like Mom's.
I don't even wanna know about the dark cheese.
Guys? There's a somebody I'd like you to meet. 
'That' would be Marcel. You wanna say hi?
My friend Bethel rescued him from some lab.
Yeah. I mean, it's been kinda quiet since Carol left, so...
Nah, I dunno... I think you reach a certain age, having a roommate is kinda pathe-  ....sorry, that's, that's 'pathet', which is Sanskrit for 'really cool way to live'.  
How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
C'mon, this was a pact! This was your pact!
Okay, look, he's not gonna hurt them, right?
I didn't wanna leave him alone. Alright? We- we had our first fight this morning. I think it has to do with my working late. I said some things that I didn't mean, and he- he threw some faeces...
Oh, that'd be great! Okay, but if you do, make sure it seems like you're there to see him, okay, and you're not like doing it as a favour to me.
So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
Okay, so on our no-date evening, three of you now have dates.
Okay, so I'm gonna be the only one standing there alone when the ball drops?
Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.
Oh, it's-it's Marcel. He keeps shutting me out, y'know? He's walking around all the time dragging his hands...
'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Okay. He was more embarrassed about that than anyone. Okay? And for him to have the courage to walk back in here like nothing happened...
Thank you.  C'mon, Marcel, whaddya say you and I do a little mingling?  Alright, I'll, uh... catch up with you later. 
 Look at him. I'm not saying he has to spend the whole evening with me, but at least check in.
Perfect. Perfect. So now everybody's getting kissed but me.
 I wanted this to work so much. I mean I'm still in there, changing his diapers, pickin' his fleas... but he's just phoning it in. Just so hard to accept the fact that something you love so much doesn't love you back.
C'mon, Chandler, I love your mom. I think she's a blast.
Ah, so then his plane didn't explode in a big ball of fire?... Just a dream I had- but, phew.
 What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place. Mrs.
Uh, I'm not really a shot drinking kinda guy. 
The girl on the cover with her nipples showing? Mrs.
The guy on the cover with his nipples showing? Mrs.
Okay, uh, about last night, um, Chandler.. you didn't tell...  Okay, 'cause I'm thinking- we don't need to tell Chandler, I mean, it was just a kiss, right? One kiss? No big deal? Right?
Uh.. uh.. Well, Joey and I had discussed getting in an early morning racquetball game. But, um, apparently, somebody overslept.
No, no I don't, because it's being restrung, somebody was supposed to bring me one.
I don't know, God, I- well, it's not like she's a regular mom, y'know? She's, she's sexy, she's-
Okay, I think we're getting into a weird area here... 
Do they wait for me to do this? 
You're my friend. I-I had to tell you.
Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh...  I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
I was really upset about Rachel and Paolo, and I think I had too much tequila, and Nora- um, Mrs. Mom- your Bing- was just being nice, y'know, and- But nothing happened, nothing- Ask Joey, Joey, uh, came in-
Chandler, can I just say something? I-I know you're still mad at me, I just wanna say that there were two people there that night. Okay? Two sets of lips.
Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?
No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
Okay, 'you' can't, or  you can't?  Okay, that's my finger.  That's, that's my knee.  Still doing the play. Aaah! 
Ah, the forbidden love of a man and his door.
'Kay, wait a minute, are you sure she didn't say 'When are you gonna grow up and realise I am your mom?'?
Well, see? So, maybe it wasn't such a bad idea, y'know, me kissing your mom, uh? Huh?  But.. we don't have to go down that road.  
Wait, did you get to the part about his 'huge throbbing pens'? Tell ya, you don't wanna be around when he starts writing with those!
Yup! You could plunk me down in the middle of any woman's uterus, no compass, and I can find my way out of there like that! 
 Hello! Joey  How come you don't live with Mommy?  How come Mommy lives with that other lady?  What's a lesbian?  
Wasn't this supposed to be just a fling, huh? Shouldn't it be... flung by now? 
...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration?  I could call immigration!
Hey, hello! mmwa!  I brought all the books, and Monica sends her love, along with this lasagna.
Hey, when did you and Susan meet Huey Lewis?
Oh, you know the sex of the baby? Oh, oh oh oh!
No, no, no, no, no, I don't want to know, absolutely not. I think, you know, I think you should know until you look down there, and say, oop, there it is!  Or isn't... 
Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be? Carol and
Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!
Wait--oh--hey--huh, oh great now he knows, and I don't know!
You have to tell her! You have to tell her! It's your moral obligation, as a friend, as a woman, I think it's a feminist issue! Guys? Guys? 
I think It's the most beautiful table I've ever seen.
Paolo, I-I just want to tell you and I think I speak for everyone when I say... 
Oh you guys, I-I really think just one of us should go out there so she's not overwhelmed...
 ...and I really think it should be me.
Come here.  Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Uh, no, no, see, because not...not all guys are going to be a Paolo.
Wha-I'm having, I'm having a boy!  Huh, am I having a boy?
I'm having a boy! Oh, I'm having a boy! 
I'm having a boy! I-I'm having a boy!
You what? Wh- what were you doing seeing her boobies?
Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your pee-pee.
What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad. 
Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level that-that she was a lesbian?
Why? Why would I- why? Why? Why? Why?
That- that's ridiculous! I don't feel guilty for her failures!
Hey, I married a lesbian to make you look good! 
She barely knows me. We just live in the same building.
I'm just sayin' if dogs do experience jet lag, then, because of the whole um, seven dog years to one human year thing, then, when a dog flies from New York to Los Angeles, he doesn't just lose three hours, he loses like a week and a half. 
The blond woman is my ex-wife, and the woman touching her is her... close, personal friend.
If you wanna put a label on it.
Oh, and she's pregnant with my baby. I always forget that part.  Helloo!
So, um, what do you do for a living?
Now that is funny. Hey, do you think...would it be too weird if I invited Carol over to join us? 'Cause she's, she's alone now, and pregnant, and, and sad.
Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?
Come on. These people'll scooch down. You guys'll scooch, won't you? Let's try scooching! Come on. Come on. Uh, Kristen Riggs, this is Carol Willick. Carol, Kristin. Uh, Carol teaches sixth grade. And, Kristin, Kristin......does something that, funnily enough, wasn't even her major!
You did so. I swear, I swear-- How long has she been in the bathroom?
Well maybe it's cold in there. Or maybe I screwed up the first date I had in 9 years.
Oh, god.  You know, this is still pretty hot. 
No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you. 
That's easy for you to say, you found one already.
Ah, the lesser-known "I don't have a dream" speech. 
Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?
OK, ahem, hey, does anybody know a good place if you're not dating a puma?
Her name is Celia. She's not a bug lady. She's curator of insects at the museum.
Oh, I just thought we could go out to dinner, and then maybe bring her back to my place and I might introduce her to my monkey.
Well, I don't know....  huh-huh.... but I'm hoping  huh-huh.
He's not going to hurt you! Keep going, Celia. Marcel...
OK.... um, a weird thing happened to me on the train this morning...
Alright, I panicked, alright? She took me by surprise. You know, but it wasn't a total loss. I mean, we ended up cuddling.
Shut up! It was nice. I just... I don't think I'm the dirty-talking kind of guy, you know?
That's it. I'm in my apartment, you're not there, we're not having this conversation. 
OK, turn around.  I just don't want you staring at me when I'm doing this.
Ahem... I want.... OK, I want to... feel your... hot, soft skin with my lips.
...run it all over your body until you're... trembling with... with... 
Look, you'll get there. You're an amazing chef.
I was the James Michener of dirty talk. It was the most elaborate filth you have ever heard. I mean, there were different characters, plot lines, themes, a motif... at one point there were villagers.
Well, ahem... you know, by the time we'd finished with all the dirty talk, it was kinda late... and we were both kind of exhausted, so...
I don't know whether he's testing me, or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control. But, he keeps erasing the messages on my machine, supposedly by accident.
And then, like three days in a row he got to the newspaper before I did and pee-ed all over the crossword.
Oh, Pheebs, I'm sorry, but I've got to go. I've got Lamaze class.
No, Susan's gonna be there too. We've got dads, we've got lesbians, the whole parenting team.
No, no. I mean, it mighta been at first, but by now I, I think I'm pretty comfortable with the whole situation.
I'm Ross Geller, and that's, that's my boy in there, and uh, this is Carol Willick, and this is Susan Bunch. Susan is Carol's... Who's next?
Absolutely. So, twins. Huh, that's like two births. Ouch.
It doesn't matter. You don't dip your pen in the company ink.
Marcel, Marcel, give Rossie the remote. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote right now. Marcel, you give Rossie the remote...
No, no, no. I think I should stay. I think we should both know what's going on.
Ok, I'm gonna play my sperm card one more time.
I see. So what do you propose to do?
Flip me for it? No, no, no--heads, heads!
Carol, honey, shhh, everything's gonna be all right.
I always knew I was havin' a baby, I just never realized the baby was having me.
Aw, how can you say that? I can't even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
Come on, he doesn't know this stuff. If he knew how you felt--
I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid. Chandler &
No, no, with him. I'm on this field, and they, they hike me the baby. I know I've gotta do something 'cause the Tampa Bay defense is comin' right at me.
Right, but, it is just me and the baby, so I'm thinkin' they can take us. And so I uh, I just heave it downfield.
Anyway, suddenly I'm downfield, and I realize that I'm the one who's supposed to catch him, right? Only I know there is no way I'm gonna get there in time, so I am running, and running, and that, that is when I woke up. See, I am so not ready to be a father.
What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.
Yeah, we'll just use our special cake tools.
Dad, before I was born, did you freak out at all? Mr.
Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing? Mr.
No, no, Dad, I was just wondering. Mr.
Thanks, Dad. Really, you know, I just, I just needed to know, when did you start to feel like a father? Mr.
Good. Maybe he can switch it back. Maybe not.
Yours. I just got 43 points for "kidney".
You've got to help me! My monkey swallowed a "k"!
No, you don't understand. The animal hospital is way across town. He's choking. I don't know what else to do.
Lady, he is people. He has a name, ok? He watches Jeopardy. He touches himself when nobody's watching. Please, please, have a heart! Dr.
Yeah. The doctor got the "k" out. He also found an "m" and an "o".
Well, the doctor says he's gonna be fine. He's just sleeping now.
Uh, Rach, we're running low on resumes over here.
Uh, nothing, I'm sure they'll be impressed with your excellent computer skills.
No, it's not just that. It's just--I want someone who... who does something for me, y'know? Who gets my heart pounding, who... who makes me, uh... 
Look, I am totally, totally over her, OK, I just... 
Oh, guys, you should've seen him. 'Read 'em and weep.'
Excuse me, do any of you know how to play?
No. No, uh, Phoebs? You can't--you can't do--
No, no. Uh... no, see, uh, you-you can't do that.
Alright, now, you sure? Phoebe just threw away two jacks because they didn't look happy...
The game, Rachel, the game. You owe us money for the game.
Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.
Look, Rachel, this is poker. I play to win, alright? In order for me to win, other people have to lose. So if you're gonna play poker with me, don't expect me to be a 'nice guy,' OK? Cause once those cards are dealt... 
Um.... no. See, I might've had feelings for her at one time--not any more. I just--I-- 
Marcel! Where are you going with that disc? 
You are not putting that on again! Marcel, OK--if you press that button, you are in very, very big trouble. 
Uh, Rach, do you want me to shuffle those?
So, Phoebs owes $7.50, Monica, you owe $10, and Rachel, you owe fifteen big ones.
Well, that just leaves the big Green poker machine, who owes fifteen...
So, you gals wanna hand over your money now? That way, we don't have to go through the formality of actually playing.
Well, you better hop outta the shower, cause... I gotta flush. 
No, not this time.  So... what'd you have?
Let's not talk about losing. Just deal the--
I thought, uh... it was a fifty cent limit.
Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know.  But, uh... look how happy she is.   CLOSING CREDITS
Marcel. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Bring me the rice, c'mon. Good boy. Good boy. C'mere, gimme the rice.  Thank you, good boy. Well, I see he's finally mastered the difference between 'bring me the' and 'pee in the'.  'Bring me the' and- Rach?
Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Waitwait. I, I got it. I was there.
Yes. Yes. Yes! Yes, I really do! In fact, it's funny, very often, someone who you wouldn't think could- could curl your toes, might just be the one who... 
Alright, I've gotta go. C'mon, Marcel! C'mon! We're gonna go take a bath. Yes we are, aren't we? Yes, we are.
That's right, you're gonna spend tomorrow at Aunt Rachel's, aren't you.
'Pwease, Aunt Monica, pwease?' Oh, unclench. You're not even gonna be there. 
I'm telling you, she said she's looking for a relationship with someone exactly like me.
Well, I added the 'exactly like me' part... But she said she's looking for someone, and someone is gonna be there tonight.
Well, I think it's perfect. Y'know, it's just gonna be the two of us, she spent all day taking care of my monkey...
Anyway, I figured after work I'd go pick up a bottle of wine, go over there and, uh, try to woo her.
Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?
Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff?  Well-
 I- I- I ca- I can't believe this. I mean, all I asked you to do was keep him in the apartment.
No, y'know what, I guess it's partially my fault. Y'know, I shouldn't've, uh, asked you to start off with a monkey. I should've started you off with like a pen or a pencil.
Marcel is an illegal exotic animal. I'm not allowed to have him in the city. If they find him, they'll take him away from me.
That's right, I.. 'cause I didn't expect you were gonna invite them to the apartment! 
Yeah, we thought we had a monkey, but we-we didn't.
Marc- oh, this is ridiculous! We've been all over the neighbourhood. He's gone, he's-he's just gone.
Oh come on. It's cold, it's dark, he doesn't know the Village.  And now I have a broken foot. I have no monkey, and a broken foot! Thank you very much.
Yeah, yeah. Y'know, now that you kicked the sign, hey! I don't miss Marcel any more!
Oh, no no no. Nono, this is just vintage Rachel. I mean, things just sort of happen around you. I mean, you're off in Rachel-land, doing your Rachel-thing, totally oblivious to people's monkeys, or to people's feelings...
I don't even wanna hear it, you're just-
Marcel? Marcel? Okay, where is he? Where is he? Marcel? Marcel? 
You had to be a bitch in high school, you couldn't've been fat.
It'll be nice to get this off finally, won't it? Yes it will.  Or we can leave it on for now, that's fine.
Listen, I'm- I'm sorry I was so hard on you before, it's just I-
Yeah, but you were the one who got him back, y'know? You, you were great. ...Hey, we uh, we still have that, uh, that bottle of wine. You in the mood for, uh, something grape?
Alright.  The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming.  Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um- 
We have got to start locking that door!  
I don't know, you don't wanna mess with corn nuts. They're craaazy.
I can't believe it! He's looking right at us!
Yeah, well, does he look upset? Does he look like he was just told to shove anything?
That's nice... now, was that before or after you told him to stop calling, stop sending you flowers and to generally leave you alone, hmm?
No! No no, it is nothing like me and Carol!
It's, it's, it's, uh, a totally diferent situation! It's, it's apples and oranges, it's, it's orthodontists and lesbi- I gotta go.
 I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay? 
I think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
Marcel, stop humping the lamp! Stop humping! Now Marcel, come back-  come here, Marcel-
Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.
She says Marcel's humping thing's not a phase. Apparently he's reached sexual maturity.
She says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.
I know. I know. I mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing I can't get off my leg.
No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin', he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
Well, we're applying to a lot of them. Naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, San Diego... right? But that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. Uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at Miami, so that's a possibility.
What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
Yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.
 Oh God.  We didn't get into Scranton.  That was like our safety zoo. They take like dogs and cows. See? I don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?
He can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean... Dr.
Why- why- why would he need a blade? Dr.
He's in! Oh, did you hear that, Marcel? San Diego. San Diego! Dr.
Uh, if you guys don't mind, I'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
Marcel, c'mere, c'mere.  Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be-  Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.  
I can?t belive you two had sex in her dream.
Phoebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
No, it?s for when Carol goes into labor. She can get me wherever I am. I mean, all she has to do is to dial 55-JIMBO.
Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh this is it. Oh my god it?s baby time. Baby time.
 Yeah, hi, I was just beeped.  No, Andre is not here.  Third time today.  Yes, I?m sure... No, sir. I don?t perform those kind of services.
 Yeah, you want 55-JUMBO. Yeah, that?s right. That?s right, JUMBO with a U, sir.  No, belive me, you don?t want me. Judging by his number, I?d be a huge disappointment.  All rightie, bye bye. 
'The hills were alive with the sound of music.' 
 Okay, Andre should be there in like 45 minutes. All rightie, bye bye.  Just easier that way.
Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
You?re sure? Nobody uh, handed out uh, mints or anything?
Oh, Carol and I have a new system. If she punches in 911, it means she?s having a baby, otherwise I just ignore it.
Oh, welll this morning he got a call from who I think was our cousin Nathan, and frankly, it was a little more than I needed to know. 
I?m having... I?m having a baby.  I?m having a... Where?s the phone? The phone?
Monica, let?s go. Come on now people, woman in labor. 
What are you doing? We?re going to a hospital.
Monica, come on now. Let?s go, baby coming. 
That?s nice. Get out Let?s go, come on.
She's not here yet. She's not here. She's having my baby and she's not here.
I don't know, but when I spoke to her, she said she had already passed the mucus plug. 
God, I don't believe this. She could be giving birth in the cab.
Susan wanted a Chunky. We're having a baby, ok, a baby, you don't stop for Chunkys.
No no no. I don't have a son named Jordie. We all agreed, my son's name is Jamie.
What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.
I got it! Hey, you get to sleep with her, I get the cramps.
Look, Carol never threw me out of a room before you came along.
You tryin' to be clever? A funny lady?
I'm having a baby in here! Ok, everyone stand back.  Ow.
Come on, come on. Damnit, damnit, damnit, damnit.  This is all your fault. This is supposed to be, like, the greatest day of my life, y'know? My son is being born, and I should be in there, you know, instead of stuck in a closet with you.
No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Ben, you ready? All right, gimme your foot. Ok, on three, Ben. One, two, three. Ok, That's it, Ben. 
Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?
We got a head, we got shoulders, we got arms, we got, oh, look at the little fingers, oh, and a chest, and a stomach. It's a boy, definitely a boy! All right! Ok, legs, knees, and feet. Oh, oh. He's here. He's a person.
Kinda like my uncle Ed, covered in Jello.
 I know, I know. Everybody, there's someone I'd like you to meet. Yeah. This is Ben. Ben, this is everybody.
Ben, I want you to know that there may be some times when I may not be around, like this.  But I'll still always come back, like this.  And sometimes I may be away longer, like this.  But I'll still always come back, like this.  
Science. Yeah, I think I've heard of that. 
Yeah, i-it's for the museum. Someone found a bone, we want the bone, but they don't want us to have the bone, so I'm going over there to try to persuade them to give us the bo--it's--it's a whole big bone thing. Anyway, I'm gonna be gone for like, uh... like a week, so, uh, if you wanna reach me, y-you can't. So here's my itinerary . Um... here's a picture of me... 
Hey, is Rachel here? Um, I wanted to wish her a happy birthday before I left.
OK, I'm gonna go say goodbye to the guys.
No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
Yeah... I guess. I don't--I don't know. Alright, just... just give her this for me, OK? 
I can't believe you'd rather go out with him than me.
I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?
No, no, no... why, because it might get weird for everyone else? Who cares about them. This is about us. Look, I-I've been in love with you since, like, the ninth grade.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?
 No. But... it only has to happen once. Look, you and I both know we are perfect for each other, right? I mean... so, the only question is... are you attracted to me?
No problem. I cannot wait for you to meet my friends.
It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?
Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
That's all right, Rache, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica, Chandler, Joey. Everyone, this is Julie.
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Well, we just wanted to say a quick hi, and then we're gonna go see the baby.
I know, I know I was, but there was always this little voice inside that kept saying it's never gonna happen, move on. You know whose voice that was?
Look, you were right. She looks at me and sees a friend, that's all. But then I met Julie, and I don't know, we're havin' a great time. And I never would've gone for it with her if it hadn't been for you.
Ironically, these are the guys who were picked last in gym.
Ok, ok, sweetheart, I'll see you later. Ok, bye. What? Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either. Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y--
Hi. Sorry we're late but we were--well, there was touching.
Yes, yes it is. In prison! Whatsa matter with you?
I like it. I do, I think it's a Ten.
Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by "bye!"
Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that. You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
Look, would you guys grow up? That is the most natural beautiful thing in the world.
This is my son having lunch, ok? It's gonna happen a lot, so you'd better get used to it. Now if you have any problem with it, if you're uncomfortable, just ask questions. Carol's fine with it, now come on.
So, uh, Jules tells me you guys are going shopping tomorrow?
It's a big deal to me. This is great, Monica. I really appreciate this.
Carol, we've been through this before, ok? We have a good time. We laugh, we play. It's like we're father and son.
Thanks Aunt Pheebs. Hey, you didn't microwave that, did you, because it's breast milk, and you're not supposed to do that.
Ok, would people stop drinking the breast milk?
Not even if Carol's breast had a picture of a missing child on it.
No, no, Carol. There's nothing wrong with it. I just don't think breast milk is for adults.
I got it. Uh, Joey, women don't have Adam's apples.
Not hating Yanni is not a real reason. 
Whoa, whoa, whoa. What, you don't, uh, you don't believe in evolution?
Too easy? Too...The process of every living thing on this planet evolving over millions of years from single-celled organisms, too easy?
Uh, excuse me. Evolution is not for you to buy, Phoebe. Evolution is scientific fact, like, like, like the air we breathe, like gravity.
Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
You bet. In the U.S., China, Africa, all over.
Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?
Is there blood coming out of my ears?
Ok, Phoebe, this is it. In this briefcase I carry actual scientific facts. A briefcase of facts, if you will. Some of these fossils are over 200 million years old.
You ever figure out what that thing's for?
Even though you do do a good Bob impression, I'm thinkin' when she sees you tomorow, she's probably gonna realize, "hey, you're not Bob."
 Yeah, yeah, everybody's here. Hey, everybody, say hi to Julie in New Mexico.
Ok, sweetheart, I'll call you later tonight. Whoa, whoa, whoa, hey, hey, hey, you're not really gonna go through with this, are you?
That doesn't matter. She wanted to call Bob. Hey, for all we know, Bob is who she was meant to be with. You may be destroying two people's chance for happiness.
Go over there and tell that woman the truth.
Ok, ok, here is to my sister, the newly-appointed head lunch chef--
Newly appointed head lunch chef who is also in charge of purchasing--
Uh, lunch chef, purchasing, own little desk when Roland's not there. Here's to my little sister--
Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?
 Plus tip, divided by six. Ok, everyone owes 28 bucks.
Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
Hello, it's us, all right? It'll be fine.
I, I just never think of money as an issue.
Wha--? Whoa, hey, I don't want my birthday to be the source of any kind of negative--there's gonna be a hoopla?
Hootie and the--oh my. I, I can catch them on the radio.
No, look, hey, it's my birthday, and the important thing is that we all be together.
But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
We're just tryin' to do a nice thing here.
I don't, I don't understand. I mean, you, it's like we can't win with you guys.
Yeah, I know, it's my birthday. We all should be here.
Well maybe, you know, maybe we should stay for one song.
Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
Uh, aside from that, the whole evening was pretty much a bust.
It wasn't so much a party as...a gathering of people, with food, and music, and, and the band.
Look, don't blame us. You guys coulda been there, you know.
Oh, Monica, I figured I'd come by tomorrow morning and pick up Fluffy's old cat toy, OK?
 Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
Rach, I got a message from you.  Who's Michael? 
When, when were you... under me? Rach. Rachel do you, I mean, were you, uh. . . What?
Woah. Huh. You know about my, I mean, you know I had... you know?
Chandler. When did he... when did he... when did he?
Julie. Julie. That. Oh God. Julie, right. OK, I need to lie down. No, ya know, I'm gonna stand. I'm gonna stand, I'm gonna walk, I'm walkin' and I am standing. OK so you uh, and now wha... and now, now, now you're over me?
 That's, that's Julie. Ju... Julie, Julie.  Hi Julie.
Well, OK, I uh, I have to. I can't deal with this right now. I mean, I've uh, y'know, I've got a cab, I've got a girlfriend, I'm... I'm gonna go get a cat.
No, no it's not interesting. OK, it's very, very not interesting. In fact it's actually 100 percent completely opposite of interesting.
You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
Then you should have said something before I met her.
Not, not, not every night. You know, and... and it's not like I didn't try, Rachel, but things got in the way, y'know? Like, like Italian guys or ex-fiances or, or, or Italian guys.
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed.
Hey, I've been doin' it since the ninth grade, I've gotten pretty damn good at it.
That, that is funny. That is painfully funny. No, wait. Wait, yeah, that's just painful
Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
Believe me, I've been dreaming about me and Rachel for ten years now. But now, I'm with Julie, so it's like me and Julie, me and Rachel, me and Julie, me and... ... Rachel. Rachel, Rachel.
Hi, Julie.  Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?
 Good, so everybody's here. Everybody's good. So, were you gonna play something, Phoebe?
I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
I don't know. I mean, all right, I guess you can say she's a little spoiled sometimes.
And I guess, you know, sometimes, she's a little ditzy, you know. And I've seen her be a little too into her looks. Oh, and Julie and I, we have a lot in common 'cause we're both paleontologists, but Rachel's just a waitress.
Yes, it was horrible. She cried. I cried. She threw things, they hit me. Anyway, I did the right thing.
I uh, I just got back from uh, from Julie's.
No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.
I know, I know, it's, it's almost... What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?
Ok. No, hey, whoa, whoa, I'll get your coat. 
He won't?  He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?
That's it? That's all you wrote? You're the worst writer in the whole world.
Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?
Now that's a little spoiled. He was supposed to type "little", the idiot.
No, that, that was, I mean, as opposed to uh, the uh, ok. Is this over yet Rach?
No, no, wait, ok, ok, look at the other side. Look at Julie's column.
No, Rach, come on. Rach! Rach, no, no! She's not Rachel, she is, she is not, Ra--Rachel?
I just wanna read something. It's your pro list.
Rach, come on, open up. Rach, come on, come on, Rach. You got to give me another chance. 
Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
No, but, but I wanna be with you in spite of all those things.
You know what? You know what? If, things were the other way around, there's nothing you could put on a list that would ever make me not want to be with you.
Look, can, can you do something for me?
So you guys, who else did you tip with cookies?
Yeah, but not very well, unless 14-across, 'Gershwin musical' actually is bitemebitemebitemebiteme. OPENING TITLES
Hey Rach. I, uh, got you a little present. . . I'll open it. It's a Slinky! Remember, huh.  Walks down stairs, alone or in pairs, everyone knows it's. . . just a big spring. Alright, you still mad at me becuase of the whole. . .
How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'?  Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
 OK. OK, this is a picture frame from Ben to my parents, huh.
I got some, uh, hers and hers towels for Susan and Carol. And, uh, I got this blouse for mom. 
Yeah, what're you guys doin' here, aren't you supposed to be Christmas shopping?
Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
Sure. By the way, there's a difference between being obsessive and. . .
Fine, OK! Heat, heat, heat, and I'm the obsessive one.  OK, this way is on, so this is. . .  off.
No, no, I was turnin' the knob and, and. . . here it is.
Oh, oh that's right, I forgot about your ability to fuse metal.
 It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
Monica, Monica, your guest are turning into jerky, OK.
Alright, alright, here's the chance. Monica give him cash, Rachel give him your earrings. Something, now, anything.
Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing.  Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.  Mr.
No no, no, that, that's your Christmas tip, alright. Oh, hey, do you think there's a chance you could fix that radiator now? Mr.
Excuse me, I'm seizing. Mr. Treeger, here's another 50, happy Hanukkah. Will uh, will this help with the knob getting? Mr.
Well this, this is too much, I feel like I should get you another sweater.
Oh c'mon. Maybe you're just, uhhh... paying your dues.
Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
Not at all! I love this guy. Hey, I was so psyched to hear you're back with my sister!
Yeah but, you know, now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever seen Fun Bobby without a... a drink in his hand.
Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?
Oh, oh, you're... uh... you're, oh you're the date.
Yes, yes I am. And you are a....
Well, I am going to, uh... get a beverage. It was nice, nice... uh... meeting you.
Hey, I didn't know we were, uh, seeing other people.
Well, uh, for your information, there's a woman at the museum, who's curator of moths and other... uh... winged things... who's, uh, let it be known that she is drawn to me much like a... well, you know. But so far I've been keeping her at bay, but, uh, if this is the deal...
See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
 For your information, it's a card sharp, not a card shark.
Hey, you're a doctor of gums. That's the smallest body part you can major in. It's like day one, floss. Day two, here's your diploma.
What's going on, is... uh, Bobby drinking again?
Ok. Here's his diaper bag, and his uh, Mr. Winky, and uh...oh, him. Hi!
Oh, great. Great. There was a projectile, uh, throwing up incident, but he started it.
As in, "I now pronounce you wife and wife" married?
Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
This is so cool. You're actually gonna be on television.
I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
Look, that has nothing to do with this, ok? She's my ex-wife. If she were marrying a guy, none of you'd expect me to be there.
Oh, I believe I had the half-drunk cappuccino with the lipstick on the rim.
And you had no idea they weren't getting along?
No. Look, I told you I am not a part of this thing.
I uh can't believe I'm gonna say this, but I think Susan's right.
Look, do you love her? And you don't have to be too emphatic about this.
Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
I meant because the monkey in it reminds me of Marcel.
Sometimes I wonder if I did the right thing, ya know, giving him away.
Remember when sometimes he'd borrow your hat, and, and when you got it back there'd be little monkey raisins in it.
Well, there's this, uh, paleontology conference in L.A. so I figured I'd go and then drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Well, I uh, I can't seem to find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchan, answers to the name Marcel.
Well, ya know, someone should have called me.
Uhh, hey look, I don't really enjoy being with other men that way. But, um, zoo dollars?
Oh my God. But the zoo told me that my monkey was dead.
That, that's the only thing the zoo's ever told me.
Are you trying to get me to bribe you?
Check it out, he actually is the MonkeyShine monkey.
Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
That's right, he's not Drake, he's Hans Remore, Drake's evil twin.
Well, I tracked down Marcel and get this, he's healthy, he's happy, and he's right here in New York filming Outbreak II - The Virus Takes Manhattan.
This is so exciting, I haven't seen my monkey in almost a year.
Uh, excuse me, uh, where can we find the monkey? Security
Uh, I'm sorry, you don't understand, I'm, I'm, I'm a friend of his. We uh, we used to live together. Security
Hey, hey buddy, Marcel. Marcel.  In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight.  In the jungle, the mighty jungle the lion sleeps tonight.  a-weema-way, a-weema-way..... 
Good morning. Hey pal, look who I brought. It's your old friend Harry Elefante. 
I don't get it, he seemed so happy to see me yesterday.
Hey Joey I have to cancel racketball for tonight, that was Marcel's trainer. He's gonna let me have him for a couple of hours.
OK, got the music, got the dinner. Oh and check it out, I made Marcel's favorite dish, banannacake.
Hello. Oh hi, are you on your way ove-. Oh. No, no, I, I understand, I mean a monkey's gotta work. No it, it's no big deal, it' not like I uh, had anything special planned. Yeah OK, OK. OK, OK, bye.
Thanks for letting me tag along tonight you guys.
Ahh, oh that's OK, I mean, he's probably got, you know, parties to go to and stuff. But, ya know, he's moved on. Hey, that, that's the way it goes right.
Bye Marcel. See ya on the big screen. You keep people drinkin' that beer, OK. I miss you buddy. 
Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
 I don't know, I don't get, I don't get it, I mean, wh, wh, two months ago Rachel and I were like, this close. Right now, what, I'm takin messages from guys she, she meets at the movies? I mean this, this Casey should be takin' down my messages, ya know, or, or, Rachel and I should be together and, and we should get some kind of me, message service.
Wha, OK, now how do you know that?
Monica, if you want, I can lend you some money.
Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
No no, no no, it's not flashy, not for a Goodfella.
Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
 Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something.  Excuse me, are you Rachel?
I'm Ross Geller. Wha, I'm, God in your add you said you were pretty but wow.
Oh, oh my God, is this the wrong day? I don't believe it, uh, well, hey, I guess if it works out we'll, we'll have something to tell the grandkids.
OK, see ya later, nice meeting you.  You're welcome.
Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .
Uh, uh, well you're, umm, you're my lobster.
No no, you're uh, you're my lobster. See um, lobsters, uhh, in the tank when, when they're old, uhh, they get with, uhh, they walk around holding the claws. In the tank, ya know, with, with the holding and. . . Uhh, Phoebs you wanna help me out with the, the whole lobster thing?
Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?
No, he's at uh, Carol's and Susan's today. Mr.
Emotional hell. So, did they lend you the money yet?
C'mon Monica, do it. Hey, you guys, um, Monica has some news.
Here you go, you can pay me back whenever you like.
Yeah, yeah I mean, you get your money and you learn a little something, what's wrong with that?
You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
Oh, you know, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna hang out, work on my music.
Uh, hold, let me see, I don't know. So what're you gonna do. . . 
Dad, she won't want to go with me. Mr.
OK, you guys, ya know, I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright. Mr.
Uh, just a sec dad.  OK, be cool, just be cool.  OK dad. Mr.
This screen is amazing, I mean Dick Van Dyke is practically life-size.
Oh you know, pretty much the usual, uh, sun shining, birds chirping.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. I got to get to the museum. So um, I'll see you tonight.
I told you there was going to be sub-titles.
It would really help when I'm kissing you if you didn't shout out my sister's name.
I, I know it's big, I just didn't know it was uh, ha-ha big.
OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
No see now, now I can't because uh, I'm feeling too self conscious.
Oh. Listen, have you ever been uh, you know, foolin' around with a girl and uh, she started laughin'?
Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
No, you, ya know there's no need to make it u. . . how?
Well we just wanted to stop by and uh, say goodnight. Chandler, Joey, and
Look at that, they won't even turn their heads.
Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
 Woah, woah, woah australopithicus isn't supposed to be in that display. No. No. No, n, homo-habilus was erect, australopithicus was never fully erect.
Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
Well uh, you see that, that little cluster of stars next to the big one? That is Ursa Major.
I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box.
A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that?  Hi.
No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
Monica, Monica, you could come in straddling him, they still wouldn't believe it.  We're here. Mrs.
Uh, actually mom, I think Monica thanked him for the both of us.
Dad, you really don't want to do that. Mr.
Dad, I beg you not to finish that sentence. Mr.
Mom, there are so many people in my life. Some of them are seeing people and some of them aren't. Is that crystal? Mrs.
Well it's really. . . sexy. I wouldn't have thought it would be but. . . wow.
Yeah, so uh, is it sore or can you do stuff?
Hey, let's bring the rest of these down to the truck. 
 Look, check this out. Is it a coffee table, is it a panther? There's no need to decide.
Well uh, it's cause he had a thing with, wi-, with the thing.
I'm sorry, my pie was, was in your hood. Now I just have to get the coffee out of that guy's pants and I'll be back in the hospital by 7. 
 I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.
I'm telling you, there's no way he's moving back.
Look, I know you don't want to hear this right now but, we've seen him in his new place, alright. And he's happy, he's, he's decorated.
No. You're just gonna have to accept the fact that you're just friends now, OK, you're not... rommmates anymore.
No, there is no way he was a velociraptor. No Tony, look at the cranial ridge, OK. If Dino was a velociraptor, he would have eaten the Flintstones. Yeah, yeah.  Oh, were you takin' a nap?
Oh I-, Oh wait, Tony can you hang on? That's the other line.  Hello. Oh yeah she's here but uh, can she call you back? OK thanks.  Call Joanna.  Hi.
Well, she'll call back, don't be such a baby.
Wait hold on Tony, hold on.  Hello. Hi, yeah no, she's right here. Um hold on.  Hi Tony, can I call you back? That's uh, that's my sister's boyfriend.
Tough noogies, we're watching Predators of the Serengetti.
Well, I guess we could tape Entertainment Tonight.
Ow, ow, OK. Alright, alright, Mon, Mon, you've gone ultrasonic again, alright.
Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
Yeah, c'mon I mean I though, you know, I thought we're just foolin' around. Like when, uh, when we were kids.
Tell me about it. So what, what's your magic number?
C'mon, you know everyone I've been with. All, both of them.
Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
Animal sex, animal sex? So what're you saying, I mean, you're saying that like, there's nothing between us animal at all. I mean there's not even like, uhm, a little animal, not even, not even like, like chipmunk sex?
Good, good, good. So, is uh, was your moustache, did, used to be different?
Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so neat?
No, no way. You've got it totally the other way around my friend. John Voit was...
Open up. We want to talk to you.
Actually it's the movie theatre that has the time schedule. So you don't miss the beginning.
You, you know I, I don't, have a- have a problem with that.
I, I don't know, it's got all this stuff about wind and trees and there's some kind of sacred pool in it. I mean, I don't really get it but she's, she's pretty upset about it.
Uh Joey, that's just the minumum amount due, that's your total due.
Well I guess you can start by drivin a cab on Another World.
Joey, you owe $1100 at I Love Lucite.
So suck it up man, it's a job, it's money.
Look, I'm not being any of those things, ok, I'm just being realistic.
But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
Ya know, maybe, maybe I should just go.
Ok. I'll see ya later. Just think about it, ok.
No look I wasn't right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.
 Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the bird?
Dollars? You spent $1200 dollars on a plastic bird?
Go ahead, go ahead with the bird. Ok, do you have anything for around 200?
I'll take it. My gift to you man.
I have to say "Tupelo Honey" by Van Morrison.
Yeah. She finally stopped crying yesterday. But then, she found one of Richard's cigar butts out on the terrace and...
Getting it away from me would be job one.
Well, I'm thinking Chandler's our friend and Janice makes him happy. So, I say we all just be adults about it and accept her.
No, I had to return it to the costume place. I think I have an old band uniform from high school.
Okay. Uh, you ever see, um, "Return Of The Jedi?"
You remember the scene with Jabba the Hutt? Well, Jabba had as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia.  Princess Leia was wearing this gold bikini thing. It was pretty cool.
Look who I found standing outside the Szechwan Dragon staring at a parking meter.
 Oh, she didn't think it would be that big a deal.
Look, that was supposed to be like, a private, personal thing between us.
That's different. Okay. That's like "Who dated a stripper?" or "Who did it on the back of the Stanton Island Ferry?"
Yeah.  You don't talk about your girlfriend and the intimate stuff you do with her.
Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times?
I know, but it's still worth mentioning, right?
 Women tell each other everything. Did you know that?
No. Chandler, everything. Like stuff you like, stuff she likes, technique, stamina, girth.
Rachel says sharing's great. Supposedly, we oughta be doing it. So, you wanna?
Okay, I'll go first. So, the other night, Rachel and I are in bed talking about fantasies. And I happen to describe a particular Star Wars thing.
Yes! Yes!  Wow! That was easy. Okay, you go.
Your mom? Your telling me about your mom? What's the matter with you? I said share, not scare. Go sit over there. 
No. Four minutes ago, you had a half-hour. We have to be out the door at twenty to eight.
Well, you know, I'd feel a whole lot better if you got dressed now. Chandler &
No.  So, let's see. You're pretty close. Make-up's on, hair is done.
Yea. And that takes, what, just six or seven minutes?
Uh-huh. Yeah, right after I thank everyone for giving money to the museum, I sing a song about the wonder that is Joey. 
You see this? This is a person who is ready to go. Phoebe, you are my star.
You guys, you know what? It doesn't matter. Because you both have to get dressed before the big vein in my head pops. So...
Look, I don't care. It starts at eight. We can't be late.
Look, our table is down in front. Okay, my boss is going to be there. Everyone will see if we arrive after it starts.
It's old. It's definitely old. Didn't you hear the double beep?
Yeah, see Mon, listen. Listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing, and you know what I did. I got dressed. Really really quickly. Okay, there we go. There we go. 
No, no! Don't rub it!  What gets out hummus? What gets out hummus?
Okay, look. We have nineteen minutes. Okay. Chandler, I want you to go and change. Okay. And then when you come back, Joey will go change. And he'll have vacated the chair. Okay? Okay.
No. No. No. Not out of that. Not out of clothes!
Okay, Mon, I really don't think this is the...  Okay, you're dialing. You are dialing.  Richard 
 Oh, great. It's starting to rain. That'll make it easier to get a cab.
Which we have to leave for in exactly twelve minutes...come on, I'll just pick something out for you. 
Look, I didn't recognize it without that inflatable sheep.
Whoa, whoa. Come on, you took his underwear?
Okay, hold on. Joey, why can't you wear the underwear you're wearing now?
Okay, uhm, then why do you have to wear underwear tonight?
Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve min..  My watch stopped. Okay, see, the dinosaur tail isn't going around anymore. What time is it? It's
 Yeah, pants, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet. Okay? No. No. I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay? No. No. Just do it. Go in there. Pick something out so we can go.
Um, I know it says "black tie optional", but this may be pushing it a little. Um.
How? How? How can you not be going?
Right. Okay. God, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I yelled.
You're not going? Okay. You know, that I have to go. So, is it going to be like I'm abandoning you while you're upset?
Of course, the humiliating. So, we... we're okay.
Okay. Okay. Enough. Enough with the lunging. No. I'm sick of this. I've had it up to here with you. Neither of you can come to the party.
You know what, I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed is the one person that says she's not even gonna go.  Look, Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I was a jerk. Okay. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there. I need you there. What can I do to show you how much I want you to be there?
Okay. Okay. If that's what it takes to show you how much you mean to me and how much I want you there, then that's what I'll do.
I think this'll be fine. Vanilla milkshake. Just a vanilla milkshake...with chicken bits floating in it.  Cheers. 
 How 'bout instead you go get changed.  You give him back his underwear. I'm gonna go get a cab. I want everyone downstairs in two minutes. Monica! 
Okay, I've got two cabs and no people. Go! Go! Go!
So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out..... Rachel
Hey. When you guys were kids and you played Happy Days, who were you? I was always Richie.
Oh shoot, tomorrow's not so good, I'm supposed to um, fall off the Empire State building and land on a bicycle with no seat. Sorry.
Y'know your probably not allowed to sleep with any of your students.
Nice to see you again Dr. Green. Dr.
There never was a library. I mean there are libraries, its just that I ah, I never worked at one. Dr.
Yeah, if you're really hungry.  It was a joke, I made a joke.
So, Dr. Green, how's the old boat. Dr.
It gives it a nice antiquey look. Dr.
Wow. I'm sorry, when I was a kid I lost a bike to that.  Dr.
Yeah.  Op! Uh-oh! I think your Dad must've added wrong. He only tipped like four percent.
That's Daddy?! But doesn't it bother you? You're a waitress.
The carbon, it's messy, I mean it gets on your fingers and causes, the, the ah, night blindness. Dr.
Oh, yeah, that would be me, um, I have, I have a problem I-I tip way too much, way, way, too much, it's a sickness really.
Well Mr. Big Shot is better than 'wethead'. 
Four percent. Okay. I tip more than that when there's a bug in my food.
Yeah, I'm gonna go to a doctor who went to school in a mini-mall. 
Look, honey, I have tried to make nice, it doesn't work.
Look sweetie, I could be the bigger man, I could be the biggest man, I could be a big, huge, giant man, and it still wouldn't make any difference, except that I could pick your Father up and say 'Like me! Like me tiny doctor!'
Rachel one brunch is not gonna solve anything. You gotta face it, okay we're never gonna get along.
Thank you for teaching me a valuable lesson. Dr.
 Okay, that's it, I can't take it anymore.
Oh, please. Sweetie it's hopeless, okay, I'm just gonna go. 
Look, look I'm sorry. It's just that.... Dr.
What can I do, she doesn't listen to me about renter's insurance either. Dr.
Hey, would you ah, would you like some juice? Dr.
Okay.  Wow! This is going so well. Did you see us? Did you see?
I mean, I don't feel like I even have a girlfriend anymore.
Fine, you're right. Let's ah, let's take a break,  let's cool off, okay, let's get some frozen yoghurt, or something.. 
 I've been thinking, this is crazy, I mean don't, don't you think we can work on this?
Umm, oh, hey, I don't know. How about a big one?
Well then a small one!! Listen, let's, we kinda have to get going!
Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night?  Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Yes, yes I am, one of the many things I'm feeling. Well.... 
Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
You think?! God, I, ah, I'm in hell. I mean what, what am I gonna do? Rachel's all like, 'I love you and, and let's work on this.' And all I can think about is, 'What is she gonna do? What is she gonna say?' when I tell her what I did.
What?! Look, we're trying to rebuild a relationship here, right. How am I supposed to do that here, without being totally honest with each other?
Just you keep it, listen did you, did you tell anyone about us?
Exactly. So you didn't, didn't mention anything to Issac right?
You tell, of course you do. Issac. Issac. Hey, Issac. Issac, hi! Y'know we haven't actually met...
Yes, I suppose I am a dog. But Issac, see I-I happen to have a girlfriend.
Yeah, that's the one. Listen, I don't want to hurt her.
Yeah. Listen, can you keep this information to yourself?
Fine. I just need to know that you're not gonna tell your sister.
We met at Phoebe's birthday party, I'm, I'm Ross Geller.
I'm agreeing with you. Did you, listen, did you happen to tell Phoebe yet?
Okay, Jasmine, please, please don't. I love my girlfriend very much, and I want more than anything to just work it out with her. Okay?
Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn't say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
 Come on, Rachel, come on! Talk to me! Please!! 
No, it was a mistake! I made a mistake! Okay?
No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry. I wa-I was disgusted with myself, and this morning I was so, I was so upset and then I got your message and I was so happy, and all I wanted was to get her out of my apartment as fast as possible.
Listen. Oh hey, hey, the important thing was that she meant, she meant nothing to me!
Look, I didn't think there was a relationship to jeopardise. I thought we were broken up.
That, for all I knew would, could last forever. That to me is a break-up.
Look, I'm not trying to get out of anything, okay. I thought our relationship was dead!
Come on! Like I wanted him to tell you, I ran all over the place trying to make sure that didn't happen!
Look Rachel, I wanted to tell you, I thought I should, I-I did, and then Chandler and Joey convinced me not to. 
Don't you realise none of this would've ever happened if I didn't think at that same moment you weren't having sex with Mark?
 La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la! Okay, okay, yeah, I would have been devastated but, I would still want to be with you. Because it's, I mean it's you. 
What? Come on Rach, tell me what you're thinking?
Hey, can I, can I get in on that? Because I'm kinda hungry myself.
You can have the last piece, if you want.
What, now you're not even taking to me?  Look Rachel, I-I'm sorry, okay, I'm sorry, I was out of my mind. I thought I'd lost you, I didn't know what to do. Come on! Come on, how insane must I have been to do something like this? Huh? I-I don't cheat right, I, that's not me, I'm not Joey! 
Y'know what, y'know what, I'm-I'm not the one that wanted that, that break, okay. You're the one that bailed on us. You're the one that, that ran when things got just a little rough!
Okay, well here we are. Now we're in a tough spot again, Rach. What do you want to do? How do you want to handle it? Huh? Do you wanna fight for us? Or, do you wanna bail?  Look, I,  I did a terrible, stupid, stupid thing. Okay? And I'm sorry, I wish I could take it back, but I can't.  I just can't see us throwing away something we know is so damn good. Rachel, I love you so much. 
 Okay, okay. This morning you said there was nothing so big that we couldn't work past it together...
Look, look, there's got to be a way we can work past this. Okay,  I can't imagine, I can't imagine my life without you.  Without, without these arms, and your face, and this heart. Your good heart Rach,  and, and....
 Yeah, but this can't be it, I mean. 
Well, I-I gotta go break up with Bonnie.
Well, yeah. I can?t-I can?t stay here all night, and if I go in there she?s-she?s gonna wanna... do stuff.
No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn?t work either, I can?t tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?
Well, it was loong. I didn?t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o?clock shadow on her head.  Anyway, she didn?t want to stay. I called a cab; she just left. 
Okay, I?ll be up in,  18 pages. Front and back. Very exciting.
Well, I wanted to be thorough. I mean this-this is clearly very, very important to you, to us! And so I wanted to read every word carefully, twice!
Does it? Does it? Yeah, I wanted to give that whole ?Does it?? part just another glance.
 No, Rach, no. I don?t, I don?t, I don?t have to think about it, in fact, I?ve decided, I?ve decided that, that it.......does. 
She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her!   WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
Fine! Fine! But this break-up was not all my fault, and she, she says here,  ?If you accept full responsibility...?  Full responsibility! ?...I can begin to trust you again. Does that seem like something you can do.  Does it?!!?
 Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you?re right. Yeah I guess I?ll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
 Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing? Chandler, Monica, and
Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you...  Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?! Phoebe and
And for the record, it took two people to break up this relationship!!
I didn?t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn?t finish the whole letter!
Oh, no-no-no don?t you worry about me falling asleep. I still have your letter!!!
The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
Monica, you?re so lucky! He?s like the most popular guy in school!!
Well, umm, why don?t you give him a call?
 Oh, that?s right! He called to ask out Monica! That-that?s gotta be embarrassing!
 Hey, here?s a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
Are you sure she?s in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma?s glycoma medicine again?
So you guys having any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
So, guys, am I crazy, or does Phoebe?s mom remind anyone of a cat?
Come on, you-you can?t tell me you actually believe that-that there?s a woman inside that cat!
No you do--y'know what, you?re not gonna suck me into this.
I do not always have to be--okay, okay. 
 Apparently Phoebe?s mother also goes by the name Julio.
 Little girl misses her cat.  Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat.  Okay, y'know what, I have to go have dinner with my son, can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her.
 Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
Hi! Listen uhh, this cat belongs to a little girl. There are flyers all over the place.
No! No! Look--Hey, enough is enough! Look, I am sorry that you feel guilty or whatever about spending time with your new mom, but this is not your old mom. This is a cat! Okay, Julio the cat! Not mom! Cat!
 Come here, here, come here, come here,  Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend?s mother.
Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don?t think Mom would?ve hired you if she didn?t think you were good at what you do.
?I?m telling you it?s totally unconstituional. Monica, Chandler, Phoebe, and
You need me to go down there with you and hold your hand?
So you?re strong enough to face her on your own?
Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.
One more time, "Hey, don?t you want a washboard stomach and rock hard pecs?"
No! And I?m not gonna be, so you can save you little speech. Gym
Or! Or, we could go to the bank, close our accounts and cut them off at the source.
No! And somehow, we ended up with a joint checking account.
 Hello! What's this? Oh right its that girl's phone number.  Yeah-yeah, there it is, just a phone number a really hot girl gave me.  It's no big deal, I mean it is her home phone number, but... Whoa!  Whoa-whoops, I almost lost this baby! Yeah, the lovely Amanda gives me her number and I-I go and drop it. 
Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
Yeah, he's a little sensitive right now, `cause he's so in love.
Great, actually. I'm thinking tonight, maybe the night. Yeah, I mean ah, the kids are gonna play together and then when they're asleep, I'm thinking Amanda and I break open a bottle of wine, and do a little "playing" ourselves.
Well maybe he'll get to go soon, like on a class trip or something.
Well, I'm gonna go get ready,  for my date tonight, so ah, I'll just_ head.
Who wants to make some long distance calls?
 Hey! So, uhh, Amanda just-just dropped me off. Yeah, that's one of the things I love about her, she's...uh, she's old enough to drive.  So uhh, I guess you're not going to mom and dad's tonight?
At least I know she's not going out with me to get into R rated movies.
You see Amanda and I have a very special...
Here.   At least I made ten bucks in my relationship.
Actually she's a paleontology doctoral candidate, specializing in the centazoic era.
I've seen her at work, but I always figured, ah-huh? But, uh, I made her dinner. We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
Fine by me; hope she wins. OPENING CREDITS
How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange?
So, uh, why did you have to turn it down?
 Uh... Oh hey, do you, uh  ...do you have any, um, Cinnamon Fruit Toasties?
Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh...
You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day?
Well, like that, only instead of a chair, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of a jacket, it's a pile of garbage. And instead of the end of the day, it's the end of time, and garbage is all that has survived!  Here.
What do you mean? Nothing happened! I had to get out of there.
No, I tried that. She says it has a weird smell.
I mean, uh, who... who cares about a little sloppiness?
Oh my god! I'm so sorry, Cheryl. I must have freaked out.
Y'know if we ever go to war and you?re captured, you?re in for a big surprise.
Oh, you could just go uh, "greatest of ease?  BAH-bah-bha-bhannn." Then go right into it.
Yeah, just a little in high school, but then I really got into it in college. I mean that?s-that?s when I really found my sound. 
Really? No. I mean, nah, I haven?t played in so long, and-and, well it?s-it?s really personal stuff, y?know?
No, you guys, I mean my keyboards are all the way up in?No, yeah, okay.  
Here we go.  Y?know, I?ve-I?ve never played my stuff for anyone before, so it?s important that-that you understand it?s about communicating very private emotions.  Y?know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That?s what I?m?
Wow! Thanks, you guys. That?s uh?ohhh, I wanna, I wanna play you another piece! Umm! Uh-oh! I left my uh, helicopter sounds on another disk. I?ll be right back! Okay?  This is so nice, I?m?I am so? 
Oh, thanks, thanks. So Monica tells me that uh, you don?t want to play anymore because me and y'know my talent. Is that true?
See but, Pheebs that-that is the exact opposite intent of my music. Y?know my music is-is meant to inspire, and if it bothers you this much, then I? I won?t play anymore.
Hey Chandler! Saw the new furniture. Very nice.
No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would?ve just stepped aside.
Hey, would it be okay if I wrote a song about this.
Thank you, thanks.  Yeah, I lost it. Y?know, I?m not gonna play anymore,  would you, can you finish my set?
Should we all expect Christmas gifts that can be stolen from your office?
Who gets whom.  I don?t know why I do that. 
Hey-hey, I thought she told you to follow the recipe exactly!
So listen ah, I picked Monica for secret Santa, but I?m already getting her something for Chanukah, I was wondering if you wanna switch.
Really?! Wow! That?s-that?s so nice, what are you gonna get me?
Yeah, well maybe Phoebe will switch with me.
Oh, that?s not true! I?ve got her lots of stuff she never took back.
Like uh, that gold necklace I got her last year.
Well, she wore it all Christmas day, and then uh?
Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don?t you think you could at least hear the guy out?
That?s a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?
Wow! I?m honored! And y?know what I?m gonna do as my first act as your best friend?
I?m gonna get you to talk to Chandler.
Hey, y'know, Mon, if things wrong out between you and Richard?s son, you?d be able to tell your kids, that you slept with their grandfather.
 Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
 The necklace I got you was gold, this one is silver.
Like ?em, like ?em? Or, I?d like to get store credit for that amount like ?em?
Sure! Oh, and Joey?s got the mashed potatoes if you want to exchange them.
There?s nothing the matter with me. See, I?m not completely devoid of sentiment, see I have feelings.
I don?t know what to say, I?m sorry. Though, you?re not supposed to take these.  It?s like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.  
What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this bitchin' van!
I don?t know, I could maybe go out for a couple of beers, but there?s this thing about bumblebees on The Discovery Channel that I was planning to watch.
Mike "Gandolf" Ganderson, only like the funest guy in the world.
Joey, you are gonna love this guy. Gandolf is like the party wizard!
Gandolf the wizard.  Hello! Didn?t you read Lord of the Rings in high school?
 Hey! Okay! I got my passport, fresh socks, and a snake bite kit!
Yeah! We?d meet, we?d meet total strangers, and hang out with them!
It?s not like we don?t know how to party!!
 Hey-hey-hey, when uh, when were we on a boat?
I?m just glad I brought that extra pair of socks, y?know? I used them as mittens, I didn?t want to touch a thing in that last place. 
And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!
I?m sorry I?m late, did I miss anything?
Oh, on a date. Yeah, I met this girl on the train going to a museum upstate. 
Okay, it was just me and her at the back of the train, and I sat near the door, so she?d have to pass by me if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
No, I?m getting back down ?cause she lives in Poughkeepsie. She seems really great, but she?s like totally great, but she lives two and a half hours away.
Oh, wow! I should get going. I-I got a date tonight.
You know that girl I told you about who lives up in Poughkeepsie?
Not her. Yeah, this is someone else I meet, and I-I can?t decide between the two of them. Y?know the one from Poughkeepsie, even though she?s a two hour train ride away, is really pretty, really smart, and-and a lot of fun. But this other girl, well, she lives right uptown. Y?know she?s, well she?s-she?s just as pretty, I guess she?s smart, she?s not fun.
Well, I-I want to give her another chance, y?know? She lives so close. And, at the end of the date, the other time, she-she said something that was?if she was kidding was very funny. On the other hand, if she wasn?t kidding, she?s not fun, she?s stupid, and kind of a racist.
The one with the cat. I gotta go, I?ve got another date.
No, it turns out that the one from uptown was making a joke. But it was a different joke than I thought?it wasn?t that funny. So I?m still torn.
Coffee sounds great.  Wait, so, so you live in Montreal? Woman On
Pheebs, you?re talking about putting your body through an awful lot, I mean morning sickness, uhh, labour, and it?s all for somebody else!
That is really nice?lying! No way is that the reason!
And you?re afraid you won?t be able to?fill his shoes.
That?s okay, I?m cool over here. I?ll catch up with you later, Joey.   Tour
 Hey, uh, I?m really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.
But hey, it?s not just me, I mean the scientists and the tour guides never sit together.
It?s like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
Thank you, Dr. Phillips, but I?m having my lunch at this table, here in the middle. I?m having lunch right here, with my good friend Joey, if he?ll sit with me.
Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y?know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath.  I?m Ross! I?m divorced, and I have a kid!
Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Now, how will they know if you?re ready?
How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
Oh sure, "Ross will do it!" It?s not like he has a job, or a child, or a life of his own.
Okay, each team will answer ten questions. The first team that answers the most questions wins. Okay, the categories are, Fears and Pet Peeves, Ancient History, Literature, and It?s All Relative. Now, the coin toss to see who goes first.  Okay, somebody call it this time.
According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?
Monica and I have a grandmother who died, you both went to her funeral, name that grandmother!
Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey?s apartment. What name appears on the address label?
I?m afraid the TV Guide comes to Chinandolor Bong.
All right, the score is nine to eight in favor of the guys. Ladies if you miss this the game is theirs, pick your category.
Ooh. What is the name of Chandler?s father?s Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
All right, we have a tie. Luckily, I have prepared for such an event.  The Lightning Round!
Thirty seconds, all the questions you can answer.
You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins?stop it ?now. What was Monica?s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie?
Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there? 
11, unbelievable 11 is correct.  All right, that?s 4 for the guys. Ladies, you?re up.
30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins?now! What is Joey?s favorite food?
Correct. Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl?s breast?
Joey, had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
Well, Kathy gets half-naked and simulates sex with a real good lookin? guy.
Y?know what, I don?t know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
Somebody seems to be missing being the hostess.
All right, let?s not jump to any conclusions. All right? There was some sexual chemistry between them.
Here she comes. Don?t say a word, okay? Just be cool, don?t be?y'know you.
Cookies and porn, you?re the best mom ever!! 
Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?
So the first time you ask a guy out, he-he turns you down?
Look, Mon, do you want us to uh, come back later?
Well, if-if she thought they were on a break?  Closing Credits
No, it's really not that bad. I mean, I-I for one, feel perfectly safe. ?  ?
Oh hey, that was a good one, huh?  Help! Help! ?
Oh, Liam. So uh, what, were you guys playing soccer or something-or should I call it  football? ?
What's ah, what's so funny about that? ?
Well, we didn't have freedom here until 1776, either so... ?
Cheers! ?  ? Le Central Perk. Chandler tente sa pre-rupture. ?
Oh, just hold on a second. I'm watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don't know what the big deal is. I'm man enough to play this sport. ?
Hey, I can handle it! All right? ?
That's 'cause-'cause you're mom's dog kept-kept looking at me. ?
And is a hum, kinda like a scruddle? ?
Well, you should've seen the guy that she used to go out with. I mean, he's like Joe Rugby. ?
Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I'm gonna show her how tough I really am! ?
Look, don't worry about me. Okay? I'll just stay real energetic and stay away from the ball. I'll uh, I'll be that guy right out of the circle.  ?
They don't look any bigger than me! ?
Okay, I know what I have to do. I've got to go Red Ross.  Y'know, Red Ross! ?
Come on! The time we were all waiting in line for Dances With Wolves and that one guy cut in line in front of us and I just lost it?! Screamed at him! Turned all red! Red Ross!! ?
JOEY!!!!!! ? Appartement de Monica et Rachel. Monica verifie un plan lorsque Rachel entre. ?
Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game! ?
 Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water? ?
Thanks.  I-I think I'm dying. I really do. ?
 Tell my son that I love him.  Excellent! Well, okay, I gotta have some more fun! ?
What? No! No, I'm not stopping. I'm Red Ross! ?
I don't care! I am not quitting! I insist on finishing this game! ?
No, God no! That is no place for a woman. Those guys will grab anything. ?
Yeah? I can use that, trick hip, no cup, okay! Okay! ?
I'm gonna go get him! Okay, I am going back in!  ?
Oh no! That-that'll just bring me down! This was great! I mean I-I-I was great! This is a great day! Y'know what? I'm buying everyone coffee. All right? If someone would just grab my wallet, it's in my pocket. ?
I made a man twice my size cry. I mean, I haven't done that since I was four and I washed my dad's Porsche with rocks. ?
Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose-I mean I-I'm not proud of it but, I really am. And it's all because of you, wonderful, amazing you. ?
It's worth the pain.  Y'know what, you know what? It's not. ? L'aeroport. Le vol pour le Yemen est annonce. ? Ticket Counter
Hey, if mommy can have a wife, daddy can have a bra.
Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock?s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
Uhh, believe me when he?s older, he?ll understand.
I?ll be right there.   Hello!  Hello!  Hey. Uhh, Emily, this is Carol and Susan.
Look at you two, bonding, making us late for the airport so...
Turns out them Emily is just crazy about Susan. Yeah, they?re going to the theatre together! They?re going to dinner! They?re going horseback riding!
Look, this is just a little too familiar, okay? For like, for like six months before Carol and I spilt up, all I heard
Hey, they?re going to the gym together! Two women! Stretching! Y?know they-they take a steam together! Things get a little playful-didn?t you see Personal Best?
How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!
What a weird way to kick me when I?m down.
Actually that-that?s not true, in The Incredible Hulk uh, No. 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found...  Y?know, ugh, nevermind, my girlfriend?s a lesbian. 
Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he?s sweeping. 
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh, by the by, did it uh, did it ever occur to you that, I don?t know, maybe they might be having a little too much fun?
Y?know, the kind of fun, you and Susan had when we were married.
Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y?know? Say-say they?re coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they?re laughing, y?know, someone innocently touches someone else... There?s electricity, it?s new. It?s exciting. Are you telling me there isn?t even the slightest possibility of something happening?
OH MY GOD!! I didn?t really believe it until you just said it!!
 So, I just picked up a message from Emily, she and Susan are going to a poetry reading together!
So! Poetry? Susan?s gay! They?re being gay together!
Look, I don?t know what you?re talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.
Well, I still think I was right about that whole Mark thing.
Huh? I know, I know. Who am I? David Bowe? 
Oh, I know. Y?know what, I never would?ve gotten this if it weren?t for you. No really, when I?m with you I?m-I?m like this whole other guy, I love that guy! I mean, I love you too, a lot, but that guy! I-I love that guy!
Then don?t. Stay here. Just don?t go so soon to London, just one more day.
So, then you can stay as long as you want.
Oh no. Don?t, don?t, don?t start packing. Come on! 
Yeah, I know, I uh, I tried them on.
No. No, I didn?t. I didn?t want to be that guy.
Oh yeah, Emily convinced me to do it.
I like it, and Emily likes it, and that?s what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
I just, I hate this so much! I mean, every time I go pick her up at the airport, it?s-it?s so great. But at the same time I?m thinking, "Well, I?m gonna be right back there in a couple of days, dropping her off."
Nothing! There?s nothing to do! I mean, she lives there, I live here. I mean, she-she?d have to uh, move here. She should move here!
I could ask her to live with me!
I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
Look guys, when I?m with her it?s-it?s-it?s like she brings this-this-this great side out of me. I mean I-I-I love her, y?know?
Yeah, no, you?re right, I know, you?re right, I?m not, I?m not gonna do it. All right, thanks guys. 
Don?t be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it?s too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
Well, so, you-you?ll get a job here! I mean, I?m always hearing about uh, them foreigners coming in here and stealing American jobs; that could be you!
No, I can?t. I would, I really would, but my son is here; I can?t leave him. Isn?t-you don?t think there?s any way?
No! No! I?m not! It?s-it?s-it?s perfect! I mean it?s better than you just-just moving here, 'cause it?s us together forever, and that?s-that?s what I want.
Yeah, I know, so what? I mean, who?s-who?s to say? Does that me we-we can?t do it? Look, huh, I was with Carol for four years before we got married and I wound up divorced from a pregnant lesbian. I mean, this, this makes sense for us. Come on! I mean, on our first date we ended up spending the whole weekend in Vermont! I mean, last night I got my ear pierced! Me! This feels right. Doesn?t it?
Is that-are you saying yes? Is that yes?
Come here, come here. Uh,  ow! Emily, will you marry me?
Damn! I thought that was going to be romantic as hell!
Uhh, okay, it?s uh, Emily and I, we decided to uh, to get married. 
We, we just decided to uh, to go for it.
 Umm, uh, I was just telling the guys...
Yeah-oh! Hey listen umm, Emily found this wedding dress in London...
Yeah, but it didn?t fit. Well, luckily there?s a store here that has one left in her size, but I?m the groom, I?m not supposed to see the dress...
Hey, do uh, do you have a minute?
So listen uh, I know you and I haven?t really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
I know if you were getting married I?d feel, kinda..... y?know.
You?re great. And I-I know someday this will happen for you too. You just hang in there.
Oh, I thought you guys had just been on like four dates, I didn?t realise that had become anything, yet.
Hey, y?know, y?know what would make me really happy?
If like the four of us could all y?know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily?s coming into town this weekend, why don?t you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?
Great! Because Emily and I are getting married in a month! Joey and
Yeah! Yeah, Emily always wanted to get married in this beautiful place that her parents got married, but it?s going to be torn down, so... I mean, I-I know it?s crazy, but everything up 'til now has been so crazy, and I don?t know, this just feels right. Y?know?
So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie?s at 9 o?clock?
Oh, see I-I don?t know if we?re gonna be hungry at three.
Ohh, God, nobody likes him, and he?s so cheap, he?d never fly to London in a million years. Yeah, invite him? Hey, did I do these neat enough? 
Wait-wait-wait, do you, do you think, maybe we shouldn?t invite her?
I don't want to be single, okay? I just... I just- I just wanna be married again! 
You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
You did! Oh.... I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Oh. Listen, do you think- and try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here- but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
? See, I see.... big passion in your future.
Hey, I have a question. Well, actually, it's not so much a question as.. more of a general wondering... ment.
OK. Umm, for a while now, I've been wanting to, um....
You were incredible! Brand new woman, ladies and gentlemen.
Ok, um, uh, more clothes in the dryer?  I'm fine, I'm fine. 
You had no right to tell me you ever had feelings for me.
I was doing great with Julie before I found out about you.
The point is I... I don't need this right now, OK. It, it's too late, I'm with somebody else, I'm happy. This ship has sailed. 
No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I?m happy for ya, but I?m tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don?t know what to do anymore.
Oh I?m, I?m making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Okay, okay, fine, you?re right. Let?s ah, let?s take a break,  let?s cool off, okay, let?s get some frozen yogart, or something.. 
Yeah, y'know the ah, the girlfriend I told you about last night?  Well it turns out she ah, she wants to get back together with me. Oh, I found it!!
Yeah, oh hey, you are right on time.
No!! No!! I wanna stay. I wanna talk about this.
Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y?know no commitment.
But we haven't seen each other since then. Well I land in China, guess who's in charge of the dig.
Oh, that is so sweet. No, no, ok, you hang up. Ok, ok, one, two, three. Well you didn't hang up either.
? Ok, no, no, you hang up. You, you, y--   
I've no idea, could be. Listen, I'm sorry I had to work tonight.
What. Oh no, you just rolled over the juice box. 
Gunther! Gunther. Gunther, please tell me you didn?t say anything to Rachel about me and the girl from the Xerox place.
Y'know, hey! You?re the one who ended it, remember?
What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
You know what, you guys, we don't have to watch this.
Y'know what?? I think we've seen enough, let's turn it off.
OK, fine, well I'm not gonna watch, alright.Mr.
So uh, any ideas for the bachelor party yet?
Joey, I figured you'd understand. I mean, I-I've known him a lot longer.
 Wait-wait, so, you get to be my best man twice and I never get to be yours at all?
Fine, y'know what, that's it. From now on, Joey, I want you to be my best man.
Yeah. Tell ya what, let's not invite any of the anthropologists, only the dinosaur dudes!
Oh, just planning my bachelor party with my best man.
Yeah, see, I don't think it's gonna that difficult considering this one won't be taking place in the basement of a Pizza Hut.
Look, I gotta go pick up Ben. Everything so far sounds great Joey, just remember to keep it on the mellow side, okay? Just a couple of guys hanging out playing poker, no-no strippers or anything okay?
Smooth man. Yeah, you got some chilie on your neck.  Well, I just want to say, thanks everyone, this-this was great. And hey! See you guys Monday morning.  Thanks Joey.
I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y'know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so...
That ring? When my grandmother first came to this country, that ring and the clothes on her back were all she had with her.
Oh absolutely! It has been in my family for generations, and every bride who has worn it has had a long and happy life.
My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
 All right-all right, fine! I-I'm gonna call the cops!
Okay, well, we'll call the company that sent her!
So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there's nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Where's my ring? My dead grandmother's wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
We know you took so just-just save yourself the time and confess! The
Joey! The vet said it's a simple procedure.
Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much! 
Hey! Hey! Hey! I get to choose my best man, and I want both you guys.
Hey, both you guys should be up there with me. I mean, you two are-are my... I mean, I'm lucky to have just one good... 
Well, we're all here! I guess we should get going!
Thanks!  Ugh, I can't believe you're not gonna be there!
To London! Come to London. Please? It'll mean so much to me.
Why-why can't you take a couple of days off?
Fine. You'll-you'll watch it on video when we get back.
Sweetie, you gotta relax. Everything's gonna be great, okay? Come on. Come on.
Um-hmm! Doesn't that sound delicious at the last minute?
Yeah. Yeah. Yes, this place is beautiful. Emily's parents got married here.
It's all right! Everything's gonna be all right.
Hey! I just spoke to your dad, and you know what? He seems to think we'll be able to find a new place for the wedding.
Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister's teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh?  This isn't right.
I can't ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that? 
The only thing I understand is; postponing it is not an option. This is when we're getting married.
There's no 'or' in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
 No, wait! Emily! No, wait, stop! Emily, please- COMMERCIAL BREAK
Hi. I understand you had a little talk with Emily.
Am I?! And was it your idea to postpone the wedding?!
Hey-hey, since you're the 'fix-it' lady, here's a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn't want to have the wedding at all?
I don't know, I told her it was stupid to put off the wedding just because the hall was gone and she liked flipped out.
I had no idea. And that-that pillowcase thing, I thought you guys were just doing the flying nun.
Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
Okay? But-but imagine a lot more lights, okay? And-and y'know fewer bricks, and-and-and flowers, and candles...
But-but, if you don't love this, we'll do it in any other place at any other time. Really, it's fine, whatever you want.
And, I don't know, if it starts to rain...
Dad, dad, please. Look I don't want anything to upset Emily tonight. Alright, she's had a hard enough couple of days as it is.  Now here, here, let me go talk to him, okay? Mr.
Look, face it, my father is not going to pay for the build-in barbecue and believe me you can kiss you gazebo goodbye. Now I might be able to get you the new lawn. Mr.
I go back there with lawn ornaments, he's going to laugh in my face. Mrs.
Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding. Mr.
Okay! Okay! That's it!! Parents!! Parents!! Back away!! All right, this is our wedding day! From now on everyone gets along, and if I hear one more word. NO GRANDCHILDREN!  That's right!! Mr.
 It was...This disagreement over... My god. You...you look beautiful.
You know what, I think we've had all the bad luck we're going to have.  
My God. Rachel!  Your here. I can't believe it.  What happen? Why are you here?
Take thee,  Emily.  Like there'd be anybody else. 
As my lawfully wedded wife, in sickness and in health, until death parts us. Really, I do. Emily. 
 That uh, that was pretty funny. Wasn't it?  Opening Credits
 That-that-that's all right, no honey, you take your time sweetie. I'll be right out here.  She's just fixing her makeup.
That's true, thanks dad.  People should be dancing! Huh? Hey, this is a party! Come on! Joey, dance!!   Mrs.
Oh no! It could be better, but it's gonna be okay, right?
No! No! Of course it didn't mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y'know, because-because it was you...
But it absolutely didn't.  It didn't!! It didn't!!
 Oh! Oh-oh, the band's ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says-I don't care about the stupid band!!
No! For all I know, she's trying to find me but couldn't because I kept moving around. No, from now on, I'm staying in one place.  Right here.
Actually, do you guys mind staying here for a while?
Thanks guys!  I really appreciate this, y'know, but you don't have to rub my butt.  Commercial Break
Now, hold on! Hold on!  Look, look, your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon, now-now you-you tell her that I'm gonna be at that airport and I hope that she'll be there too! Oh yeah, I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything, Okay? She's-she's just a friend and that's all!  That's all! Now just tell Emily that I love her and that I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else. Please, promise me that you'll tell her that. Mr.
Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?
I just, I don't understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y'know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she'd actually show up?
Oh, I don't, I don't, I don't know...
I can't, I can't even believe her! No, y'know what, I am, I am gonna go!
Why don't you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Yeah, yeah, it'll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
No really, I mean, I mean, God, I could use a friend.
Oh no-no-no! Oh-no!  No! No! Emily! Ending Credits
Y'know, I think they have those at that British pub near the trade center.
Isn't Rachel supposed to be back by now?
Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know-Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
No, not since I lost her at the airport.
HEY, SHE'S FAST!! OKAY?!!  Oh! You-you think you can be beat me? Let's go! Outside!!
Rach, Rach, I am so sorry. I am so-so sorry.
That's it? You're not mad? I mean, it must've been terrible.
 Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store!  Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
It came in the mail today, it's uh, 72 long-stemmed red roses, one for each day that I've known and loved Emily, cut up into mulch!
Oh, it's not so bad. Monica's gonna make potpourri! I think I'm gonna go wander out in the rain for a while.
Monica's right, swing dancing can be tricky. I'm gonna use the phone. I gotta cancel those five giant teddy bears I sent to Emily.  My God, think of the massacre.
Sure. Once, at work I-I thought carbon dating was fossilized...
Wow. Umm... Huh... I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now. 
What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Well, well I am married. Even though I haven't spoken to my wife since the wedding.
Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is.  "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know!
Well, I kinda half to. I mean, because the thing is...
No. No. No, I'm-I'm glad you did. Look, if nothing else, it's-it's always great when someone tells you they love you.
Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did! 
Apparently she fell in the shower and hit her head.
To be fair, he doesn't seem to be impersonating Fonzie...
Okay, Phoebe, this Dr. Oberman. He has no strong feelings about Fonzie or any of the Happy Days gang.
I had to talk loud because the movie was loud!
 I-I-I don't care if I said some other girl's name you prissy, old twit!
Emily? Emily! Oh my God! Oh my God, it's Emily!  It's Emily everyone! Shush-shush-shhst!  Hi!
No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
Look you're my wife. We're-we're married. Y'know? I-I love you. I-I really miss you.
Well, Emily's willing to work on the relationship.
I bet if I talk to Carol and Susan I can convince them to move to London with Ben.
All right Emily, as much as I love you, I'm sorry, I can't move to London without Ben.
Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
Oh-oh-okay, but-but I know, that even though I've been a-a complete idiot up 'til now, I mean, I mean you-you-you have to come here. You have to come here so we can work this out.
All right, did you just say all right?
Oh, Emily that is, that is so great. It's gonna be so great! We're gonna be like-like-like two idiots in love! 
I know. I am, I am so sorry.
Emily, there is nothing between Rachel and me. Okay? I love you.
So I asked Emily if she would come to New York, and she said yes.
No-no-no! Only if I promise never to see Rachel again.
I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision?  I'm actually asking you!
 Okay, that's it. I cannot make this decision! It is too difficult, so I'm just gonna leave it entirely to the gods of fate. 
Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do.  Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again?  Ask again later. Later is not good enough.  Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
Yeah, I uh, totally forgot about that. You mind if I take a rain check? I'm waiting for a call from Emily.
It's not that easy, there's still a lot of relationship stuff.
No. No. You-you can't help. I mean, I kinda have to do this without your help.
 Hello.  Hi sweetie.  Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it.  So will you come to New York?  Ending Credits
Is Rachel here? I gotta talk to her.
I told Emily to come. And I just need to y'know, talk to Rachel about it.
Well look, I'm just trying to focus on the "I get to see my wife," part, all right? And not the part that makes me do this. 
I have no idea. I mean... But-but I assure you I will figure it out. 
Anyway it-it kinda-it all boils down to this, the last time I talked to Emily...
Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?
Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing... Okay,  here goes. I made a promise that--Oh hey!
Okay, I uh, I can't see you anymore.
Hey. Rachel, I-I-I've been wanting to tell you something for a while now and I really, I just have to get it out.
Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?
And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants...
...is for me not to see you anymore.
It's awful I know, I mean, I feel terrible but I have to do this if I want my marriage to work. And I do, I have to make this marriage work. I have too. But the good thing is we can still see each other until she gets here.
You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
 Pheebs, you mind if I speak to Rachel alone for a sec?
I talked to Monica, look, I'm the one who made the choice. I'm the one who's making things change, so I should be the one to y'know, step back.
No, no, it's okay. Really. They're plenty of people who just see their sisters at Thanksgiving and just see their college roommates at reunions and just see Joey at Burger King. So is, is that better?
Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?
Oh, umm, I'm just getting rid of a couple of things.
Yes, yes it is! No, but it's good it's-Emily thinks we should get all new stuff. Stuff that's just ours, together. Y'know brand new.
Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.
After what I did? Can you blame her?
 No-no-no, it's just a bit sudden.  No, it's great. Okay? I'm totally on board. I love you too, all righty. Bye. 
Nothing. Oh, actually, great news! I just got off the phone with Emily and it looks like I'm moving to a new apartment. Woo-hoo!
Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Yes! Yes! I mean it's-it's kinda far from work, but uh, y'know, I'll get so much done on the commute. I-I've been given the gift of time!
 I know I miss you too. I can't wait to see you. I love you. Bye. 
No-no, this is my collection of fossil samples.
I'm really gonna miss this apartment. Y'know, Ben-Ben took his first steps right over there. 
I loved this place! To tell you the truth, I wish I didn't have to move.
Well, I mean if uh, if Emily gave me a choice...
Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do! 
Y'know what? I'm really not in the mood.
Look, this is hard enough! I really need you guys right now.
Okay. Thanks you guys. Pheebs are you wearing fur?
Wait! Wait! Wait! Y'know what? Just stay. Please? It uh... It would really mean a lot to me if you stayed.
Hey!  Yeah-yeah, we're just having dinner.  Uh, yeah, sure uh hold on.  She wants to say hi.  Hold on. 
 Look Emily, I'm just having dinner with my friends, okay?
Emily that's ridiculous. Look, I'm-I'm moving for you, I'm cutting friends out of my life for you. Please, just get on the plane and come to New York. Okay, you'll see you're the only person I want to be with.
Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
Yeah. You can help me get my furniture back from Gunther. Ending Credits
Well, when you're subletting an apartment from your wife's cousin and then you get a divorce, sometimes the cousin suddenly wants his apartment back.
Thanks you guys, I really appreciate this. All right, I'm gonna get packing again. Man, I've been moving around so much I'm beginning to feel like a nomad. 
Oh, yeah I know, I know, it's a lot of boxes, but again I really appreciate you guys letting me stay here.
Oh, I uh, hope you don't mind, I kinda uh, jazzed it up a little. Check this out.  We will, we will, call you back!
Well, I guess I can check out those apartment listings, even though there's never anything in here.
 Oh yeah! You're-hey, you're right! Here's an affordable place,  two bedroom, close to work, ooh, it's available in five weeks!
Oh, I-I don't know, it's kind of expensive for a studio.
Oh-oh-ooh, hey guys, I was wondering if you guys would uh, maybe chip in on some new air filters for the air purifier? I mean after all, we all are using it.
I think this is it. I don't know, maybe we should keep looking.
 So, you-you think I should go ahead and take this place?
All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application. 
Hey. So I uh, I didn't get that apartment. Some problem with my application.
Yeah. But, the good news is that Phoebe said that I could stay at her place for a while. So...
Look, you guys don't need me here taking up your space.
So I'm a pimp huh? It's okay! Look, I know that sometimes I can be a pain in the ass, but you just have to talk to me. Tell me if something is bothering you. Okay? And for my part I will do everything I can to keep my annoying habits just .  Ending Credits
Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
I'm sorry. It's just that this is the worse Thanksgiving ever.
You're right. Yours is worse. You are the king of bad Thanksgivings.
Uh, everyone, this is Chandler! My roommate and lead singer of our band! Fat
Oh, mom. Mom. Chandler hates Thanksgiving and doesn't eat any Thanksgiving food. Mrs.
So uh, Rach? Does it, does it feel weird around here now? Y'know since I've been away at college. Big Nosed
Umm, I'm sorry Judy, I couldn't find that bowl that you and Jack were looking for. Fat
So I'm thinking about asking Rachel out tonight. Y'know maybe play her that song we wrote last week.
Listen, Roland Chang, if things go well, I'm gonna be out with her all night.
All right, it's cool you can stay here. My parents won't mind. 
I can't believe you let George Michael slap you.
Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it! The
My Thanksgiving leftover sandwich. I can't believe someone ate it!
Just a sandwich? Look, I am 30 years old, I'm about to be divorced twice and I just got evicted! That sandwich was the only good thing going on in my life! Someone ate the only good thing going on in my life!
 That-that would be incredible. Thank you so much. I-I still can't believe someone ate it!! I mean, look, I left a note and everything. 
Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
Phoebe! You're note, amazing! Not only did no one touch my sandwich, but people at work are actually afraid of me. Yeah, a guy called me mental! Mental Geller, yeah, I always wanted a cool nickname like that.
That was the water fountain! Okay?! Anyway, people are writing reports for me, uh pushing back deadlines to meet my schedule, I'm telling you, you get tough with people you can get anything you want.  Hey Tribbiani, give me that coffee! Now! 
Oh no, you-you don't understand. Ugh, this is so silly. Umm, this is all because of a sandwich. Dr.
Yeah. You see my-my sister makes these amazing turkey sandwiches. Her secret is, she puts a, an extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the middle; I call it the Moist Maker. Anyway, I-I put my sandwich in the fridge over here... Dr.
 Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker? Dr.
Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it? Dr.
I'm fine! I saw a psychiatrist at work today.
Uh-huh. Well, when the psychiatrist told me I had to take a leave of absence because I yelled at my boss I started to get worked up again, so he offered me a tranquilizer. And I thought was a good idea so, I took it.
I don't know. It's going to be weird not having a job for a while, but I, I definitely don't care about my sandwich.
Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
Because I am bored...Out of my mind. I've already been to the bank, post office, and the dry cleaners.
Hey, I am not unemployed. I'm on sabbatical!
I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
I'll help you. Yeah, I'll make up a schedule and make sure you stick to it. And plus, it'll give me something to do.
 All right, we'll start off slow. The only thing you have to do tonight is come up with the name of your main character.
All right.  A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious.  That's it?  Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident!  And what is, and what is all this?!  The official rulebook of Fireball.
This is helping your career?! Huh? I thought you wanted to be an actor not the creator of crazy lawsuit game!
 And shame on you! You should know better, Joey needs to work.  Now come on!
No! Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah! You can have this back when the five pages are done!  Ahh! 
So Pheebs, are you gonna go back out there or what?
Yeah, not since I got too strong for you.
I think he's been relaxing enough, thanks to you and Fireball.
And the reason I'm doing this is because I am Joey's friend. And if you were a good friend, you'd be doing the same thing.
If it does? Then you're an amazing friend of mine.
How about we settle this right now!  There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
No you didn't. You said you would, but you never did!
Hey, if they have a ball maybe you can stick razor blades in it and teach them a new game, Gonna Need Stitches Ball.
I guess when you don't have so many distractions, it's easier for you to focus. Huh?
About yesterday, I was really wrong. I am sorry.
Maybe it was both of us, but we had our best friend's interest...  But we had our best friend's interest at heart.
I don't know, I'm one sorry polentologist.  All right Joey, we get it.  I'm sorry.
Oh well, since I have that whole history with Rachel, I guess Phoebe.
Well, everyone's gotta kiss someone. You can't kiss Ross you got the history.
Y'know what? I'm gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in '99!
Just the one divorce in '99! Y'know what, I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
Everyday I am gonna do one thing that I haven't done before. That my friends is my New Year's resolution.
In fact, I'll bet you 50 bucks that you can't go the whole year without making fun of us. Eh, y'know what, better yet? A week.
Oh-oh, guess what? I-I have a date with Elizabeth  Hornswoggle.
Oh see, I-I needed a new thing for today and there's this leather store that always smells so good and I thought to myself, "Wow,  I never really owned a good smelling pair of pants before." 
 My God! These pants are burning up!   Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here!  Are you hot? Elizabeth
That was just the pants on the couch. Umm, hey, do you, do you mind if I use your bathroom?
No, I-I got really hot in my leather pants so I took them off but they must have shrunk from the-the sweat or-or-or my legs expanded from the heat. Look, I-I can't put them back on. I can't!
Yeah, okay, hold on!   They're not coming on man.
Ohh, I-I see lotion, I have lotion! Will that work?
They're still, they're still not coming on man and the lotion and the powder have made a paste!
All right, I'm coming out. Hey, can you turn the lights off.
This year was supposed to be great! But, it's only the second day and I'm a loser with stupid leather pants that don't even fit!
Maybe I should get another pair! Ooh, y'know, they-they had some with fringe all down the sides.  I'm gonna go kiss Ben goodnight.  I can't believe he thinks I'm a cowboy.  I would make a good cowboy. 
 Hey-yeah.  Hey Gunther, can I have a scone please?  Wanna hear some good news? Someone I know is getting married! Yeah! And weddings are happy occasions! Oh, by-the-by it's my ex-wife Emily!
I was up all night writing this really nasty letter to Emily! It was perfect and now it's all covered in-in...  Actually, thanks!
Uh actually, I think I'm gonna skip it.
Yeah, I'm gonna stay and read my book. I just wanna be alone right now.
I uh, went to a bar. And then I just uh, just walked around for a while.
Look, I don't have to answer your questions! Okay? I'm a big boy, I can do whatever I want!
Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say...
Okay, I didn't know you would say that.
Look, I didn't lose my mind! Okay, Janice and I have a lot in common! We've-we've both been divorced. We-we both have kids.
Y'know what? It sounds so weird to say this but, I just had a great day with Janice! 
Yeah! I opened up to her about all the terrible stuff that's been happening to me. I mean I talked for hours.  It is amazing to have someone give you such-such focused attention.
Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then...
Let-let me make sure I'm hearing this right, you're ending this with me because I'm too whiney?  So you're saying, I've become so whiney that I annoy you, Janice.
I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice.  What you're-you're not mad?
Well, because y'know there are certain rules about this kind of stuff. You don't uh, you don't fool around with your uh, friend's ex-girlfriends or possible girlfriends or girls they're related to.
 This would be the place where you explain the hat.
Well, but aren't you pissed at him?! I mean this guy abandoned you! I gotta tell you if this were me, this guy would be in some serious physical danger!  I mean I-I-I'd walk in there and I'd be like, "Yo, dad! You and me outside right now!"  I kinda scared myself.
Well, maybe he just didn't want to hurt your feelings.
Ironically, most of the boxes seem to be labeled clothes.
Hey! Hey! If he's moving, maybe I should try to get his place!
It would be so cool to live across from you guys!
Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
Well, I called over there and it turns out Ugly Naked Guy is subletting it himself and he's already had like a hundred applicants.
No-no, I got the edge. I know it's not exactly ethical but I sent him a little bribe to tip the scales in my direction. Check it out, you can probably see it from the window. 
Well yeah! Someone sent us a basket at work once and people went crazy over those little muffins. It was the best day.
Oh man! I want that place so much!! I was so sure that was gonna work! There's twelve bucks I'll never see again! 
Look I've already looked at like a thousand apartments this month and none of them even compares to that one!
That is a great idea! And! I know Ugly Naked Guy because we've been watching him for like five years so that gives me back my edge! Oh, let's see now he had the trampoline.
Okay, I've got to go pick up Ben but I-I will figure something out.  Hey, didn't he used to have a cat?
Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but-I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and  I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
A new place for a new Ross. I'm gonna have you and all the guys from work over once it's y'know, furnished. Dr.
Well I am that. And that whole rage thing is definitely behind me. Dr.
Chandler!!! Chandler!!!  Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
 I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
 My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this.   You guys probably wanna get some hugs in too, huh? Big news!
What? What? What?! You guys knew?  You all knew and you didn't tell me?!!
 You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react? 
Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids...
You can't just call Godfather. Don't you think her brother should be Godfather?
Oh hi! Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.
No-no, it's not that, it's just... I-I just moved in.
Yes, but I've lived here for 25 minutes.
No wait, look. Look! I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard. I-I mean I don't know Howard.
...so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
It doesn't matter! It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Oh, they'll like me. Once they come to my awesome PAR-TAY! Okay, I gotta run. I gotta go get some nametags. 
Well, unless you make some kind of big gesture.
Phoebe! I can't believe you gave them money! I thought you agreed it was totally unreasonable that they asked me for that money!
Look, this is a disaster! Can't I please just go?
So uh, what did you tell them about me?
Oh wow, yeah! See, I did not get that.
You're right, I'm sorry. Will you marry me? 
This is fun. Hey Rach, remember that whole "We were on a break thing?" Well, I'm sorry, will you marry me? 
 Yeah, I still don't know.  I'm sorry I just wanna make sure that I bought the right couch. I need a couch that says, "Kids welcome here." But that also says,  "Come here to me!"
No! No! No! The "Come here to me" is y'know for the ladies.
Oh, sure. Whoa-whoa, what's this? The delivery charge is almost as much as the couch!
Yeah, y'know what? I'll take it myself, thank you!  All right Rach, let's go! 
Oh, come on it's only three blocks! And-and, it's not very heavy, try it! Come on! Come on!
Oh yeah, we're uh, yeah we're not together.  The
Not that it's any of your business, but we did go out. The
Not only did we go out, we did it 298 times!
A loser you did it with  298 times! 
Uhh, yes I did but there isn't. Okay, here we go. 
Oh okay, lift it straight up over your head! Straight up over your head! You can do it! You can do it!  Okay. You got it?
Yeah, you got it right? You got it right? You got it? 
Come here to me. No-no, you come here to me.
Chandler?! You brought Chandler?! The next best thing would be Monica!
Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it.  Okay Rach,  that's you. That's the couch. 
Oh yeah it will! Come on, up! Up-up-up! Up! Yes! Here we go! Pivot!  Pivot! Piv-ot! Piv-et!! Piv-ett!!! Piv-et!
Okay, I don't think it's going to pivot anymore. Chandler and
All right, let's uh, let's bring it back down and-and try again. 
I'd like to return this couch. I'm not satisfied with it.  The
This couch, is cut in half! I would like to exchange it for one that is not cut in half! The
Look, I am a reasonable man. I will accept store credit. The
Of course it is. Yeah, come on in. Ooh-ooh, go by the window you can pretend to be surfing. 
Yes. I lived with you guys for a while and then I found this place.  I'm Ross.  The Old
I don't, I don't think we've meet. I-I'm Ross. The Hot
I had just moved in. Thank you! Listen umm... The Hot
Jen, I know this may sound a little... But uh, would you maybe wanna grab a cup of coffee sometime, or...
 Well, it's not for sure but umm, we met this guy in the park who thought Ben was really cute--y'know, which he is--so umm anyhoo, he uh, he gave us his card and told us to bring him down for this commercial he's auditioning.
I know, it's crazy! We were just pushing Ben on the swings...
All right, I gotta take off. I'm picking up Ben then we're off to the big audition.
Yeah the dad and Ben eat soup and pretend to enjoy it.
 Of course I am!  Okay, let's go godfather.
Yeah well, he's not gonna get this one. Ben is way cuter than that kid. I mean look at him, look at you, 
 Yeah I am! Yeah, Ben got a second audition!
Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?
Yes!! I knew it!!  Bye-bye! So long! Later!
No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.
Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
Listen man, uh, I'm sorry the audition didn't go so well.
Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
 I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
The flirting! Aren't you supposed to be going out with, I don't know hmm, let's say my sister?!
It was totally flirting. "Somebody got a haircut "
Chandler was hitting on the hot delivery girl!
Well I'm sorry but you were! Okay? And besides if anyone should be hitting on her it's the guy who's single, the guy that who-who-who can do something about it.
Well, I-I was watching her the other day at the pizza place.
And she's just so sexy and funny and has the cutest little...
This is perfect! She'll have to come back here with your pizza, and when she does, I'll turn on the Charm-O-Ross. Oh I'm so glad you don't eat meat.
Oh. Uh, by the way, if it makes you feel any better. I happen to like 8-year-old boys.
 The uh, your hair, before, your hair, you said you thought your looks like an 8-year-old's, and I'm just saying I like it. The hair.
You understand I don't actually like 8-year-old boys.
You couldn't let me have her, could ya?!
This is a girl that I really like and had too swoop in there!
Chandler was totally flirting with the hot delivery girl!
What?  What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number!  And not the one on the menu!
 Hey Pheebs! How's that uh, vegetarian pizza working out for ya? You and those vegetables have a real thing going on, huh?
Joey! This is like the last commercial. You've got like  ten minutes left!
 Oh, mine! Mine! Mine!  Okay, here goes. Prepare yourselves for some Class A flirting.
 Hey! Oh, we-we can't keep eating like this. 
Okay,  so, do you make the pizzas in one of those uh, wood-burning ovens?
The gas is odorless, but they add the smell so you know when there's a leak.
Look, no-no, hey, hey, don't worry about it! In nine years, she and I will be right there. 
Rach, thanks but uh, I don't need you doing me any favors.
 Oh, eh, just thinking about Emily getting married tomorrow. 
Ross has the blender! Ugh, everything's just falling apart!
 That was so cool man, the way you leaned on that guy.
 He told you everything! I mean you totally cracked him!
Oh hey, Gary, want me to grab the berry for ya?
Hello! I'm in the front seat, okay? I'm Gary's partner!
Sorry! Sorry! Oh,  there!  Hey Gary, who am I? Phone home!  
 Hey Ross! It's you! I just want you to remember this feeling. You are lucky to be alive! So live everyday to the fullest. Love yourself, okay? Okay. Oh, and also get stamps. Bye! 
Pheebs, we had the most incredible night! Okay, so, we're in the car...
Okay, okay, so we're in the car. Right? And bang! A shot was fired. And Joey with no regard for his own safety throws himself on me!
And it could've just as easily have been a bullet.
I do have a newfound respect for life.
Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
Y'know, it-it doesn't matter. The important thing is that you're here. You're my friend, and you're here. Oh! 
The most amazing thing happened tonight. I thought my number was up. I had an actual near death experience!
Okay, okay, we were on the ride along with Gary, right?
No, a car backfired, but  I thought somebody was taking a shot at me. And Rach, I...I survived! And I was filled with this-this great respect for life. Y'know? I-I want to experience every moment. I want to seize every opportunity. I-I am seeing everything so-so clearly now.
Right. I guess, I guess I should call Emily.
Okay, look, yesterday I would've even considered calling her back, but my ex-wife calls on the same day I have a near death experience. I mean, that-that has got to mean something!
You weren't there! Okay, maybe this is something that I-I'm supposed to seize! Y'know?
That does make sense. Because I do wanna seize some opportunity, but I-I really don't wanna see or talk to her.
Yeah. Maybe today is just, close call day.
Oh wait-wait-wait! The message is blinking. Maybe you didn't erase it.
 "Hey Ross, it's you!"  Oh yeah, no that's-that's an old message, nobody needs to hear that.
Hey Pheebs, has Gary ever been shot at for real?
I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten Island.
Wow! We are pretty good at this! Hey! We totally forgot about lunch!
Free cats do that too, y'know. {Which reminds me, if I might get a little political here, support your local animal shelter. Pet shops are not the place to buy dogs and cats from, you get a much better deal from the shelter, plus they probably won't die on you in a week and a half. If you want a leash, go to the pet shop. If you want the dog for that leash, go to the shelter and save it's life. Now back to regularly scheduled programming.}
 Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
...now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?! {Y'know, sometimes I think the script writers throw in a line like that to try to trip me up. But it won't work. I'll always have the last laugh! <manical_laugh.wav> Okay, so maybe I'm a little deluded, it's probably just my spellchecker. But, I must admit I did get Mesozoic and Paleozoic on the first attempt. Yay me! Anyhoo...}
How do you know? You don't have a watch.
Monica, whatever you do, do not drop that ball!
Check it out! Almost 3 hours without droppin' it!
Doesn't sound as crazy as paying a thousand dollars for a cat.
 Monica! Stop throwing it so hard! We're on the same team!
It's really a uh-uh three person game, y'know?
Anytime anything comes close to touching her eye or anyone else's she like freaks out. Watch! Watch! 
Hey, does anybody want to get some lunch? All those in favor say I? 
All right, I gotta go. I'm taking Ben to the park.
Uhh, not much. You guys want to see a movie tonight?
I just wanna say good-bye to you guys and to see if you guys will place a little bet for me, huh? Twenty bucks on black 15.
Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading?  Pheebs?  Hello?  Phoebe?  Phoe-Phoebe!  Come on! 
Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
Well, whatever it is I'm-I'm very, very sorry. Okay?
All right.  I'll uh, I'll see you later, okay?
ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
Well if you can't remember, can't we just forget about this?
Okay, are you mad at me because my hair gel smells?
Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?
 Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
What do you like better flora or fauna?
Who would you rather be Simon or Garfunkle?
Phoebe! You and I have never played chess!
Hey Rach, can you pass me the TV Guide?
Oh, but I've got tickets to the Van Gogh exhibit! I've been waiting like a year for this.
So Rach, maybe you and I could fly out together Saturday.
 Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this.  Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes-Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I? 
So do I.  Okay Rach, before anything happens  I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules.  This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us."  Okay? I just want this to be  about what it is! 
Oh so-so you weren't trying to entice me just now with your-your nakedness?
You weren't trying to entice me with your nakedness.
Can we, can we just forget this ever happened?
All right I guess I'm, gonna go pack. 
Y'know, last night was embarrassing for you too.
Uh-huh. But it was a first for the rest of my building.
 Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am not gonna to have sex with you in the bathroom! 
 Hey! Y'know that teacher who had a baby with her student?  
I think the check in is that way. 
Rach! Wait! The men's room is that way.  
Oooohhh, I'll bet she's one of those people.
Okay when you're playing a machine and it hasn't paid out, a lurker waits for you to give up and then...
No. They swoop in and steal your jackpot.
My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance-karate lessons.
Hey listen I uh, talked to Chandler, sorry about the movie.
What?! That's not gonna make you any money!
 Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face.  A beard and a moustache.  Thank you.  No, she didn't think so.  I know it's like  anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do?  Yeah.  Uh-huh.  Yeah.  Oh! Okay.  Okay, thank you!   Yeah, it's not coming off.
Umm, he said he thought I was funny. So... Okay, look-look umm, let's just go downstairs, we'll have some fun, and you will forget all about it.
Oh, come on! Rach, it's-it's not that bad.
Look, just because some idiot drew on your face doesn't mean you shouldn't have any fun! Okay? And besides, hey-hey-hey no one is even gonna look at you. Okay? This is Vegas! Hello! There are tons of other freaks here!  There are tons...of...freaks here. No other. No. Come on! No one will notice, I swear!  
Oh, hey y'know, they-they really overcharge you for that stuff.  But who cares?! Because it's all on me!   That is, one big drink!
 All right. Y'know what? We don't have to go downstairs! We can bring Vegas up to us!  All right, come on, come on, we'll play some blackjack. Here we go.  13.
 Oohh, 23.  Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars! 
I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man.   Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
I wanna get out of the room! Y'know, I...I really miss downstairs.
Excuse me sir, you've got a little something right here.  
No! But we-we didn't have...sex-uh, did we? I mean, I don't remember much about last night, it was such a blur.
I-They would not let us get married when we were that drunk!
Laugh it up, but the joke's on you. Because we don't need to get divorced, okay? We we're just gonna get an annulment.
No-no, that's-that's not my thing! I do not love getting divorced!
Yeah. Yeah, actually um, I wanted to talk to you about that whole annulment thing?
I'm not going to do that.  Commercial Break ?
Wow! This is so amazing. I uh, I really thought I'd have to talk you into this more.
I'm-I'm not kidding. Look I-I, I can't have three failed marriages. I can't. Okay? I-I am not gonna be that guy!
Okay, look, how is this gonna affect you? Really? I mean you fill some form out once and a while and instead of checking the box that says Ms you check the box that says Mrs.! It's right next to it!
I'm asking you to do me a favor.
And as my wife I think you should grant me this favor.
Listen, I know you wanted to talk to me, but I have an idea that may make you want to stay married.  We register, and you get to keep all the presents!
Oh, okay, y'know what this is? This is a difference of opinion. And when that happens in a marriage...
Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
Okay.  You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later.  Ending Credits ?
Oh, yeah, no problems. It's all taken care of.
Okay.  You uh, you wanna hear something weird?
We're still married! Don't tell Rachel. See you later.  
Well, I tried! But when I got to my lawyer's office all I could hear was, "Three divorces. Three divorces!" Look, I just don't want my tombstone to read, Ross Gellar, Three Divorces.
Look, all I know is I-I can't have another failed marriage!
Well, okay so, I don't have it all worked out quite yet. Just don't say anything to Rachel, please?
Oh my God. Ohh, my little sister and my best friend...shaking up. Oh, that's great. That's great. 
Could ya just, could ya just lay off, please? All right? My life is an embarrassment! I should go live under somebody's stairs!
 No! No, I won't! I'll be at the bottom of the dating barrel now. The only guys below me will be Four Divorce Guy uh, Murderer Guy, and-and, Geologists.
Oh yeah? Have you ever dated anyone who has been divorced three times?
And if you wait right here, I'll go get Ross. 
...once you know the stories, it's not that bad. First marriage, wife's hidden sexuality, not my fault. Second marriage, said the wrong name at the altar, a little my fault. Third marriage, well they really shouldn't allow you to get married when you're that drunk and have writing all over your face, Nevada's fault.
This is crazy! I mean, yes-yes Rachel is my good friend and I-I have loved her in the past, but now, she is just my wife! Phoebe, will you-will you help me out here?
We were drunk! I would've married uh, Joey with that amount of alcohol!
 Look, I'm sorry, but you guys are wrong. I just don't want to be divorced three times.
 Okay! Fine! Fine! If-if this is what you think, forget about the whole three divorce thing! Okay, I-I'll go to my lawyer's office right now and get this marriage annulled! Okay?! Because she means nothing to me! Noth--Nothing!!
Basically, Rachel and I were in Vegas and we got drunk...
This was just a drunken mistake and I need to get it annulled.
Ooh! There's no way to do this without her? 'Cause I kinda all ready told her uh, it was, it was already taken care of.
Uh-ha, what about someone who looks like Rachel?  I will think about the therapy.
It's not that. Okay? Annulments are more complicated than I...
I... I do, I do not love Rachel. I'm gonna tell her right now about the whole thing so we can get this marriage annulled as fast as possible. Okay? Would I do that if I loved her?
I do not have feelings for Rachel! Okay?!  
Oh my-Come here! Come here!  It's okay. Everything's gonna be okay.
Oh, that. Umm, she took it really well.
I am not in love with her. She was very upset about having to move out so I eh, didn't tell her we were still married because she would only get more upset. I-I just comforted her, as a friend.
It's nothing, I just gave her a hug.
I was hugging her as a friend. It's not my fault her-her hair got in my face, she's got a lot of it and it smells all-all uh...coconutty.  What?! Oh, that doesn't mean I have feelings for Rachel! Maybe it means I have feelings for coconuts!
 If the place you are referring too is being in love, then she is in the same place as me because I am not in that place!
Rach, uh, you still looking for a place?
Okay, there's this guy, Warren, from the museum and he's going on a dig for like two years and he's got this great place he needs to sublet. So uh, you interested?
Don't thank me! If you wanna thank something, thank the volcano that erupted thousands of years ago, killing but perfectly preserving an entire civilization.  Here's Warren's number.
Look, we're just friends now! Okay? Why would I do anything stupid?
Well, I'm-I'm just glad I could, y'know, help you out.
Hero, I uh, I don't know-well, all right.
Oh please!   You're gonna say things now, aren't ya?
Hey! Oh listen, I was just clearing some space for your stuff.
What do you mean, they're not moving in? They-they're still moving in right?
What's all this about you guys fighting?! Is this really over a room?! I mean, that is so silly!
Well, apparently not, and I can't just stand by and watch two people I care about very much be hurt over something that is so silly. I mean, enough of the silliness!
 Okay-okay! Two very good points, look I've known you both a long time, and I've never seen either of you one/millionth as happy as you've been since you've got together. Do you really want to throw that all away over a room? That is so silly. Now wh-what is more important, love or silliness?
Okay! All right! Now, Chandler you-you wanna live with Monica, right?
And Mon, you wanna live with Chandler, don't ya?
 Good! A verbal contract is binding in the state of New York! 
You're never gonna believe it uh, Monica and Chandler are moving in again. That's great news right-I mean for them. Right?
Yeah but, on the bright side, we get to be roommates again.
Wh-why?! Why-why-why would it, why would it be weird?
No! No! It would be weird if we were still in that place, I mean are you still in that place?
Good! Me neither! So it's not a problem. We're just two friends who happen to be roommates.
So are you sure about this whole moving in thing?! I mean it's a really big step! And-and what's the rush?! 
No, I-I-I'm serious, okay? I mean, think about it. You move in, you start fighting over stupid game rooms, next thing y'know you break up!
Okay, there are no stupid fights!! This isn't about the room, this is about what the room...represents! And unfortunately, this room  could destroy you!!
Fine! It's your life!  I just don't want to see you guys break up! Which you will do if you move in together,  but that's what you want, there's nothing I can do.  DON'T DO IT!!!!! 
Yeah. There's no breaking them up, is there?
Yeah, I'm-I'm sure.  Yeah, get out of here before I change my mind. 
Ehh, I don't, I don't think so. She's already talked about y'know, dating other guys.
How weird is that? Y'know? You're moving in with me and have the one thing I don't have. It's like uh, in a way you-you complete me  kitchen.
Oh...my...God! I-I see what this is! You are in love with Rachel!
Of course! It all adds up! I mean you you're obsessed with her. It's always, "Ross, what are you gonna do about Rachel?" "Ross, why-why are you moving in with Rachel?" "When are you gonna confess your secret marriage to Rachel?" You want her!
 No-no-no, that's great! I'll be there Monday. And thank you again!  Okay.   Umm, that was the head of the Paleontology department at N uh, Y, uh U!
Well remember that paper I had published last year on sediment flow rate, huh? They loved it.
I know! Anyway, they asked me to be a guest lecturer! I mean it's temporary, but uh, if they like me it could lead to a full time job. How great would that look great on a mailbox, huh? "Professor Geller."
Hey uh, well, today's my first lecture and I kinda wanted to try it out on you guys, do you, do you mind? 
 "There are three primary theories concerning sediment flow rate. Each of these theories can be further subcategorized into two distinct..."
Ohh! Okay! Okay.  "There are three  primary theories concerning sediment flow rate.   Each of these theories  can be further subcategorized  into..."
Open with a joke? It's a university, not a comedy club!
I-I-I don't even know why I bother to talk to you guys about it. Y'know what? I'm just gonna do it on my own with no naked chicks.
It went great! And I didn't need any jokes or naked chicks either!
I knew all I had to do was let the material speak for itself. Everyone's all, "Ross you have to be funny and sexy." Well, I proved them wrong! And now, I'm gonna pass the news onto Joey and Chandler.
 Right! So when Rigby got his samples back from the laboratory he made a startling discovery! What he believed to be igneous, was in fact sedimentary. Imagine his consternation when- Oh bloody hell. Commercial Break ?
Look, I was nervous! You guys had me all worried I was going to be boring! I got up there and they were all like staring at me. I opened my mouth and this British accent just came out.
 I'm sorry, I've got plans with my sister.
 Right, will you excuse us for one moment?   What are you doing?
 Look, I really need some help, okay? Why? Why did I have to speak in a British accent?! What do I do?
Monica you really think I should try this phasing out thing?
 All right, keep going. We are phasing the accent out, phasing it out. So without out re-testing the results in the laboratory  the team would never have identified  the initial errors in their carbon dating analysis . Were there any questions at this point?  Yes.  A
 Come again? What's-what's this nonsense?   All right, I'm-I'm not English. I'm from Long Island. I was really nervous and the accent just uh, just came out. I'm sorry. So, if we could just get back to the lecture. Umm, were there any questions?  About paleontology.  All right, look I was just trying to make a good first impression. Obviously, I screwed up. But what you guys think of me is really important because I'm-I'm hoping to get a permanent job here. So if you just give me another chance to make a good impression... 
Okay, maybe it wasn't my best decision. But I just couldn't face another failed marriage.
Rach, come on, if you think about it, it's actually kinda funny.  Okay, maybe it's best not to think about it.
Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at
Look, if you'd had two failed marriages, you'd understand!
What about the time I said we were on a break?
Okay, I'm sorry, this is insane! I-I-I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay, and there is no problem with my ability to consummate anything! Look, I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
And when we were dating we consummated like bunnies!
 That's great! Are you happy now? Look what you did with your funny, funny form!
And what--What are you typing that for? Did you hear what she said? We don't get the annulment. Don't type that! What?! Stop typing!  Hey! Stop typing!  Stop typing! Stop typing!!
That was the only way I could get him to stop typing!
The judge wouldn't let us get an annulment! Now we gotta get a divorce!! Did a Porsch throw up on you? 
I picked up the divorce papers. Uh, I've already signed everything and I put little 'X's where you need to sign.
Y'know, I-I-you've done a lot of stupid stuff too! Okay?
Okay, how about you flew to London to stop my wedding! Ah, how about you told me you loved me after I was already married!
You're right. That's very different. So let's, let's just sign the papers. All right?  What?
So then if-if-I mean if you think about it, this is all  your fault.
I've got to say; I know I divorce a lot of women, never thought I would be divorcing you.
That may be the most depressing thing I've heard in my life. I should probably get these to my lawyer's office.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
Of course he is! What, do you think I'd just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
Oh, I'm just over here with Ben. I thought we'd say hi.
Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica.  Oh, I guess he doesn't feel like talking right now. He's smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
 Hello?  Hey Mon, how's the packing going?  Ben? He's fine. Yeah, he's right-Oh my God!  Get your head of your shirt there son!  What?  Yeah, it's a pumpkin. I'll come pack.
Chandler, what kind of an idiot do you take me for? 
I'm sorry you lost your money, but I won it fair and square.
Now, if you wanna try to make some of it back, I'd be glad to play you for it. But I should warn you, I am very good at Cups.
So, I just finished this fascinating book. By the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same amount of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically you could download your thoughts and memories into this computer and-and-and live forever as a machine.
Thank you for bringing her into our lives.
Yeah, yeah man don't do it. I mean if you date her, then-then-then I can't date her.
Monica had such a crush on him. Yeah, she used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
 Wow, couples who live together do start to look alike. So, Mondler...uh, what uh, what 'cha doin?
Did you get Monica's authorization to move all of her stuff?
Put it back exactly where you found it?
'Kay, first of all, this attitude is not helping.
Hmm -you know, actually this'll work out well. Cause when you have to move back in with Joey, Joey's hot new roommate can come and live with me.
Look Chandler, Monica is really weird about this kind stuff all right. Believe me, I lived with her for 16 years. She is going to freak...out. Oh my God, she's going to sit on you.
Yeah, the phone was facing the other way.  And that goes back up there. Commercial Break ?
Whoa, whoa, but then the back of the couch won't line up with he back of the carpet.
Whoa, Whoa, Whoa, but then the coffee table won't be centered in the seating area.
Look, we do not repel women OK? That is completely untrue.
Yeah, well what about you? You weren't you know, so hot in college either. After everything he said, he'd go "ba dum bum chessh"
Oh y'know what, girls don't like it when I start talking about science.
Uh, they don't like it when you correct their grammar.
They don't like it when you keep asking them if they like you.
Yeah-yeah I uh, I have a uh, a guy problem.
 The photo album! There were millions of pictures of the apartment in the photo album. We just go through it and match everything to the pictures.
So it said that by the year 2030, there'll be computers that can carry out the same number of functions as an actual human brain. So theoretically we could download our thoughts and our memories into this computer...
That's so Janine, you-you-you know what, do you know we're doing right now? You and I, we're interfacing.
Well, is this Hillary your HOT assistant chef Hillary?
The one that always stares at me when I come in?
Still I could tell. She was into me.  Well, why don't you set us up?
Ahh, I-I did leave the gel on a little longer then it said to.
I know. That's why I did it.  Come on, are they really that bad?
Oh, hey, hey Rach, do you notice anything..ahh...
I don't know what I'm going to do. That date starts in like an hour.
Oh great. So all I need to do is get some new skin. Thank you.
But, won't she notice I have makeup on?
Hmm-Hmm-Hmm.  Okay. I, uh, am from Long Island. I-I came to the city for college. Um, I, um, have a 5 year old son and in my spare time I like to read spy novels. But, but, let's talk more about you. Hmm.
 Hmm-Hmm-Hmm.  Me, neither. I've had a really good time too, you know. 
 Wow, cool poster. Or should I say groovy poster?  So, ahh, where were we?
What's a matter with me? You've got a black light. It's 1999!
I dunno, maybe it?s because you?re really sarcastic. Or maybe it?s cause you uh-
 No I don?t want to play video games, Joey!
Yeah, see, we-we-we have to stop across the hall, because it?s my sister. But, uh, uh y?know actually, growing up with a sister was nice because it really helped me understand women. Yeah, you-you should tell your friends that.
Oh, oh, we did say we?d stop by this little thing Joey?s roommate is having.
Oh, but-but it is, uh, it?s just like the first Thanksgiving, when the Indians and the Pilgrims uh, sat down to dinner.
Beef in a dessert?! I- no no no, there is no way! 
Oh my God, the pages are stuck together!
Oh My God, she-she made half a English Trifle, and half a...Sheperd?s Pie!
No, no, we will. We just won?t tell her she messed up.
Yeah, it?ll be like a funny Thanksgiving story!
 Dude, I need to talk to you a sec. 
Okay, I think I might know why my parents don?t like you.
Okay, remember, we were young. Hey, Spring break, sophomore year, I got high in my bedroom and my parents walked in and smelled it and so I told them that you had gotten stoned and jumped out the window.
I don?t know, aheh, your?s was the first name that-that popped into my head, I?m I?m sorry. I-I didn?t think it would matter.
How was I supposed to know we?d end up being friends after college, let alone you-you would be living with my sister?
I don?t know, I-I was all high. Commercial Break
Okay, okay, I?ll tell ?em it wasn?t Chandler who got high. Now who should I say it was?
Alright, alright, now-now who should I say tricked me into doing it?
Oh, uh, can it wait a second Joey? I have to tell my parents something. No it can?t? Okay. 
What?! What is with everybody? It?s Thanksgiving, not...Truth-Day!
Okay, okay, we?ll just get everyone to act like they like it. That-that way noone makes fun of her and we still get to go to Sweet Potatoe Pie! 
Hey Rach, can I talk to you outside for a second?
So um...Thanksgiving. The holiday season is upon us, hm?
 Ah well, can?t blame a guy for trying! 
Wha? No no! Ah!   All gone! So good! Maybe Chandler has some left. 
Oh yeah, about telling Mom and Dad, I was thinking about maybe writing a letter.
  You are such a tattletale! Mom, Dad, you remember that-that time you walked in my room and smelled marijuana? Mr. and Mrs.
Well I told you it was Chandler who was smoking the pot but it was me. I?m sorry. Mrs.
Yeah, well, Hurricane Gloria didn?t break the porch swing, Monica did!  
I-I uh, I got tricked into all those things! Mrs.
Wow, Monica's letting other people help decorate her tree! Did someone get her drunk again or?
... and that's the story of the dreidle. Now, some people trace the Christmas tree back to the Egyptians, who used to bring green palm branches into their huts on the shortest day of the year, symbolising life's triumph over death. And that was like 4000 years ago.
I am so over Janine. I mean, yeah, at first I thought she was hot, but now she's like OLD NEWS! 
You're gonna be a party person! Those guys rock the most!
Oh, well you see how it works is, the part with Dick Clark in Times Square is actually live, but they tape some of the party stuff ahead of time. Yeah, not a lot of people know that.
Oh my God it's just like I dreamed it!
Yeah, I have a question. When is this gonna air? 
Hey, what'd you guys do to get up on there?
Hey, I know what'll get us up on a platform!
Hey, when the snippy guy sees the routine, he'll wanna build us our own platform!
We got honourable mention in the brother/sister dance category! Look, it's almost fake midnight, do we really have any other choice?
So, do we really have to ask who's going up on the platform next?
Can you believe this? We're gonna be on the platform for the Millennium moment!
Hey, when the music starts up again, I was thinking of maybe goind into the robot, y'know? 
I don't know, I mean you were a lot bigger, I mean, stronger back then.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 
Well why not?! She'll-she'll love it! It's the real thing! I got it at Pottery Barn.
What? No! No! I am not gonna hide it from Phoebe-Ooh, although I did get some great Pottery Barn sheets! 
Uh, yeah! I still can't believe she hates Pottery Barn!
Yeah but Pottery Barn! Y'know what I think? It's just she-she's weird. Y'know it's because she's a twin. Twins are weird.
Huh. Y'know what's not one of a kind? A twin!
Oh, you like it? You wanna know where I got it?
Hey Pheebs, could you please not put your feet up on my new......old sheet?
Of course not, it smells like wine, which you spilled! And thanks for wrecking my sheet by the way.
Wow! I didn't know that there was a Pottery Barn up here.
A little? Your place looks like page 72 of the catalogue. Oh look at that! The ornamental bird cage! Large!
Hmm, a lot of this stuff is from Colonial times. Hey, what are some other time periods Rachel? 
Really?!  Hey, y'know what? Since you have such a great sense of what I need, uh ooh, here's-here's 60 bucks, why don't you take Phoebe down to that Colonial flea market of yours and get me some stuff.
I'm giving this lecture on erosion theories tomorrow night, I think you should come.
Hey, you're not going to believe this. I made up a joke and sent it in to Playboy. They printed it!
Yeah, they print jokes, interviews, hard-hitting journalism. It's not just about the pictures.
 Here, check it out. It's the first one, too. 
Look, Chandler, it's my joke. But, hey, if it makes you feel any better they don't print the name, so it doesn't really matter who gets credit, right?
No, it's my joke, it's mine. You can call them, they'll tell you.
You know, Barracuda was the first song I learned to play on the keyboard.
What, you didn't get it? The doctor is a monkey. 
Your joke? Well, I think 'the Hef' would disagree, which is why he sent me a check for one hundred ah-dollars.
Well, I was going to stick it in the ATM, but now I think I'll show the sexy teller that I am a published writer.
Oh, what are you going to do, follow me down there?
Well, I'm not going to go now anyway .
Uh, yeah, I'll take a coffee. Thanks, man.
Yeah, why would it be weird? Hey, Joey, can I get some coffee?
Seriously, I-I asked you before and you still haven't gotten it.
Y'know, I don't think we're going to settle this.
Yeah, but I'm your brother. We're family. That's the most important thing in the world.
We'll each tell you how we came up with the joke and then you decide which one of us is telling the truth-me.
See, I would never snap at you like that. 
Are you kidding? Okay, look. I-I studied evolution. Remember, evolution? Monkey into man? Plus, I'm a doctor, and I had a monkey. I'm Doctor Monkey!
Hey Joey, how come our stuff isn't free?
When you put a 'D' at the end of 'Fine' you're not fine.
Jill, how did you pay for all this? I thought your dad took away your credit card.
I don't think charging new clothes too your dad qualifies as making it on your own.
Oh yeah, how about you and the,  "I'm sorry!"
Did you tell your sister to ask me out?
Oh wow! I mean, wow! I mean, I-I-I think she's cute but I-I would never have thought of going out with her, never!
Yeah but after you said it was okay, I figured, "Why not?!"
I have to say you are a much bigger person than I am. I mean after all we've been through, I just-y'know I wish I had a brother to reciprocate. Hey, if you ever want to go out with Monica, you have my blessing.
Rachel! Well, you-you're not at home, you're-you're-you're right here.
Okay. So well I'll umm,  I'll have her home by midnight. 
Uhh, it was okay. Yeah, it was fun.
No. No. Nothing happened. I shut the drapes to uh, show her slides of my favorite fossils.
Something could've happened. All right? She-she really dug my slides. And-and she was definitely giving me the vibe.
Anyway, if she, if she wasn't in to me, why-why would she ask me out again?
Yeah-uh-huh. Tomorrow night, Valentine's Day, the most romantic day of the year. Who knows what could happen? I might not be shutting my drapes to show her my slides, if you know what I mean.
 Okay! Okay! Okay! It's okay.  It's okay. Hey, it's too weird for you, I won't see her again.
Okay! Okay! Ooh-hey-hey-hey! Okay! Okay! Okay! I'll-I'll tell her tonight I can't see her anymore.
You want me to call her right now?
Well umm, oh! I might be teaching another class this semester!
And-and I, and I saw that Joey was about to go in, so I ran in ahead of him to-to surprise him and, and then I pretended I didn't know he was in there. 
You damn kids! You ring my bell one more time, I swear to...  Ohh, uh Jill. Umm, that-that's just a little game I play with the kids down the hall. Umm, they've really taken a liking to me.  Uhh what's-what's-what's the matter?
Well, I'd love to! Here, you wait right here and I'll go get the projector and my notes!
Uh okay, well there's-there's wine in the kitchen.
O-okay, Rach calm-calm down, okay? She-she's really upset we're just talking.
So that's the only reason she could be here huh? It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that-that maybe I'm a good listener and I uh I put on a great slide show!
Y'know what? I think I can take care of myself, I'll talk to you later. Good-bye.  Whoa! Uh, that was your sister actually. She-she thinks that you're just using me.
 You uh, you may have been right about Jill.
Look, I uh, I tried not to kiss her, okay?
Let me finish, okay? She started kissing me and-and I didn't stop it. I guess I-I just wasn't thinking...
Oh wait-hold it! But then I started thinking and I stopped the kissing.
Look I-I realize if anything were to happen with me and Jill then nothing could ever happen with us!
No, I mean, look I don't know if anything is going to happen with us, again. Ever. But I don't want to know that it-it never could. So I stopped it and she got mad and broke my projector.
I know what you mean, I've always wondered how different my life would be if-if I'd never gotten divorced.
The first time! No seriously, imagine if Carol hadn't realized she was a lesbian.
I'd bet I'd still be doing my kara-tay.  Towards the end of our marriage I was doing a lot of kara-tay as a way of releasing the tension from y'know, not doing anything else physical.
No, I just think Monica was that fat.
Hey, do you guys think that if all those things happened, we'd still hang out? Opening Credits ? {Transcriber's
Oh really, really great! Yeah! A-actually she's right down the street, umm, do-do you know what? You should stop bye and say hi.
No, it's okay. Some-some kid asked me to pick it up for him, but I don't...
Uh-huh.  Hey, here you go buddy. Sorry, no porn for you.  Okay, let's go see Monica!
And, and uh, you-you remember my friend Chandler. 
 1987, the day after Christmas, at Sean McMahon's party. I played you one of my songs, y'know Interplanetary Courtship Ritual.
Sometimes, you should come over  sometime! I'll play you one of my other...
 Hey-hey, or I could bring my keyboard over here sometime!
Come on Pheebs, it's not that bad! Y'know most people would be excited if they didn't have to work for a couple of weeks.
Well umm, I've been doing a lot more of my kara-tay.
So honey, this morning was fun, huh? Me hopping in on you in the shower there.
Look Carol umm, I was, I was thinking maybe uh, maybe we can spice things up a little.
Carol our sex life is-it's just not working...
Hey there little fella! Hey, uh-hey, why don't we get some shoes on ya, huh? Hey, why don't you show dad how you can put your shoes on, in your room! Yay!!
Yay!  Seriously, our sex life... I was thinking, maybe I don't know, we could try some-some new things. Y'know? For fun?
Well I don't know umm,  what if we were too tie each other up?  Umm, some people eat stuff off one another.  Nah! Umm, y'know we-we could try dirty talk?  Umm, we could, we could have a threesome.
 Hello?  No she can't come to the phone right now.  Oh, right no problem. Okay, bye-bye. 
J-j-just relax, nobody yelled. Jack just was calling to make sure that you were getting better.
So honey this uh, this threesome thing umm, I mean how-how are you gonna start to find...
Oh.  Wow!  Huh.  Boy!  Well, someone's been doing their homework. 
Oh, I know.  Y'know, just-just talking about it is getting me kinda...
Yeah. Right. Save it. I can do that. 
She doesn't know she was fired yet, does she?
Hey Pheebs, maybe this whole heart attack thing is a sign, that-that you should start think about getting a different job.
Y'know, if, if this is too weird for you, we can still back out at... 
Hey Joe did... Did you ever have a threesome?
No! The reason I'm asking is that... I sorta had one last night.
Look, it's just did, did you ever go to a party and think, "Would really anyone miss me if I weren't here?"
It's just, my part seemed to be over pretty quickly and then, and then there was a lot of waiting around.
Look I-I don't know what's going on with you and your husband and what is hopefully an adult dog walker, look can I just say not all men are like that.
Hey! There are some men who will do whatever it takes to make their marriage work! Okay? There are some men who will stand by and-and watch as their wives engage in-in what only can be described as a twosome with some-some woman she barely knows from the gym!
She is not...  She's gay. Oh my God. She is so gay! I can't believe this.
Well isn't there something you can do to earn a little extra money? I mean, can't-can't you pick up, I don't know, an extra shift here?
Oh, wait! Wait! Don't you have an audition today? Yeah! Maybe you'll get that job!
Hey, what have you guys been up to?
Well, of course you can defend yourself from an attack you know is coming, that's not enough. Look, I studying kara-tay for a long time, and there's a concept you should really be familiar with. It's what the Japanese call  unagi.
Y'know what? Fine! Get attacked! I don't even care!
Unagi is a state of total awareness. Okay? Only by achieving true unagi can you be prepared for any danger that may befall you!
 All I'm saying is, it's one thing being prepared for an attack against like each other; whole another story being prepared for an attack, I don't know, like a  surprise!! 
All right, you know that one was coming, but that doesn't mean you have unagi. 
Perhaps. Now I'm curious, at what point during those girlish screams would you have begun to kick my ass?
I'm sorry I had to take such drastic measures to make my point, but I-look, I just want you guys to be safe.  DANGER!!!!!  Ahhh, huh? Unagi.
Oh, why don't you make her one of your little jokes.
Y'know what? She'd-she'd love this.  Uh, it's an exact replica of Apollo 8. I made it in the sixth grade.
Yeah-yeah, except Apollo 8 didn't actually land on the moon. But you-you-you could write that umm, your love lets me orbit the moon twice and return safely. 
It's not something you are! It's something you have!
Y'know what? I can easily get out of this, but there is a chance you can get very, very hurt! 
Yeah, yeah, I was watching.  Umm, hey, a couple of questions though. Umm, about that-that-that last move where the woman tripped you and then pinned you to the floor, what-what-what-what would you do next? The
No. No-no. No. What would you do next? The
I tired attacking two women, did not work. The
No, I mean it's okay, I mean, they're-they're my friends. In fact, I-I-I was married to one of them. The
Oh, no! No-no! No, I tired! But I couldn't. That's why I'm here. Maybe we could attack them together?  That-that's a no.
Hey! I just got uh, my teacher evaluations! Check out what this one student wrote, "I loved Dr. Geller's class. Mind blowing lectures! Dr. Geller, you are definitely the hottie of the paleontology department!"
Oh, I wish I knew, but the evaluations are all anonymous.
It's a girl! Anyway, it wou-it wouldn't matter. Okay? Because I'm a teacher and she's a student.
I know when I'm 90 she'll be like 80 and it won't seem like such a big difference.
Oh I, I don't-I don't think that would be the best idea.
What? Of course I did! You uh, you sat next to Sleepy Sleeperson.
Oh uh, I had trouble remembering everyone's name, so I-I kinda came up with nicknames. Like the guy on the other side of you was Smelly von Brownshirt.
Listen, I gotta tell ya, I-I'm having a great time! Y'know how before you said it might be weird, the whole student teacher thing, and to be frank I thought it would be too, but it's not. I mean it's not at all.
We had such a great time! She's-she's incredible! I thought the-the age difference might be a problem, but it wasn't. It wasn't at all. Elizabeth is very mature for her age.   A concept lost on some people!
Well, not really. I mean technically it's-it's not against the rules or anything, but it is frowned upon. Especially by that professor we ran into last night, Judgey von Holierthanthou.
What do you want to do now? Huh? You wanna go get a drink?
Y'know I remember when uh, when I was in college, we used to... 
Nothing, I'm-I'm just, I'm so comfortable with you!
What? No! Of course, of course I do! Are-are they gone?
What?! No! No! Wait! You're right, this is stupid. Who cares what people think? I mean, I mean we like each other right? There's nothing wrong with that. Come on.  Burt? Lydia? Mel? This is Elizabeth.
That's right Lydia, Elizabeth here is a student and uh, we're dating. And you may frown upon that, but we're not gonna hide it anymore.
Wow! It actually is in the handbook. I can't date you or have a hot plate in my office. I can't believe we have to stop seeing each other.
I know, I know I really like you too. But we-we can't date. It's against the rules. It's forbidden.
Well I-I-I don't care how hot it is it's-it's uh, it's wrong.
 No! No! It's wrong! It's-it's-it's naughty. It's taboo.
Let's also get a hot plate!  Ending Credits ?
Oh no-no-no, we're just two people who happen to run into each other here at the coffee house. 
Yes, her molecular epidemiology paper is due tomorrow.
Well, actually it's been great. She's 20 so she's not looking for anything too serious, which is perfect for me right now.
Thanks. I know you guys like to give me a hard time and all, but it really means a lot to me that you like her. Just knowing that you guys are...
Yes, yes of course, what-what would this be regarding?
Shh!  Of course, why don't we go inside? 
 Yes, professor Feesen-sen-stenlger... I'll be with you in one moment.  So, I will take one box of the Thin Mints. 
You don't understand! Elizabeth was about to ask me to go on a trip with her! Is that taking it slow?! No, I'm not ready for this! Okay? What-what do I tell her?
I can do that. Oh-oh, what if she gets upset?
What?! What? How do you, how do you even know its broken?!
Joey, I did not break this! Okay?  That has been broken for a while.
Yeah, it kinda grows on you.  Actually, I wanted to finish talking to you about uh, spring vacation.
Look, I...  Look, I'm having a great time with you and I just don't want us to move to fast or put to much pressure on us. So, I'm sorry I just don't think we should go away together yet. It's-it's too soon.
No. I think you misunderstood what I was saying. What I meant was...
Huh? Oh-oh, it was fine. Uh, it was just a misunderstanding. She didn't want me to go with her. She just wanted to let me know that she's going to Florida for spring vacation.
Hey, y'know what? Not all spring breaks are like that.
Hey, I think Elizabeth is a little more serious than, "Spring break!"  All right? I mean she's taken my class!
Well, it turns out that she is going to Daytona for spring break woo-hoo. That means, that means wet T-shirt contests, guys doing shots off of girl's bodies, waking up next to people you don't even know...
Well, what is she goes down and-and sleeps with a bunch of guys?
I'm so glad you're going on this trip!
Sure. Sure. Look I don't, I don't know if your plans are finalized yet, but umm, hey I-I know another great way to blow off steam.
Well, yeah, of-of course I'm okay! What? I'm just being supportive. Supportive of you and this whole trip, and-and  what-what is uh, what's this? 
So uh, have a great time down there.
Yeah. And did you, did you pack that bathing suit?
It was pretty funny when I, when I hid it for a while, huh? Anyway, umm, I-I am worried about that bathing suit, not because it's revealing which I'm fine with, no I'm concerned about your health, sun exposure.
Well, if what's in the bottle is actually 30. I mean sometimes you get 30, sometimes it's-it's get 4, and I swear to God more often than not it's just milk.
? So you gonna invite us all to the big opening? 
Wait a minute, are you doing that thing where you pretend it didn't go well but it really did go well?
Look, don't worry. Okay? You're gonna be fine.
Yeah, none of us have to deal with pressure at our jobs. 
It took two people to break up this relationship!!
I didn't know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn't finish the whole letter!
That'll be a neat trick, when you're,  when you're dead!
There was just an explosion, okay? My hearing would be impaired.
Thank you! And I have to say that first scene when you meet Mac...
 I just found out that Elizabeth's dad wants to meet me.
Come on guys, I-I really want this guy to like me. It-it would really help me out if you guys were here to make me look good.
Okay. I can, I can see that. Umm, but I think if you give me umm, one chance I can, I can change your mind.
Okay, umm I want you to know that I have never done anything like this before. I mean, I mean I've been in um, relationships in general, uh but I have never done it with a student-I mean I not-not it! I mean, I mean I don't-We haven't done it. Uh, I mean, I mean, we've-we've-we've done stuff.  Okay, okay, a joke, a joke-lighten the mood. Umm, two guys go into a bar. One of them is Irish.
Oh God, thank you!  Umm, uh, Mr. Stevens I'd like you to meet my friends uh, this is Phoebe, Monica, and Chandler.
Okay umm, why don't we all take a seat, y'know? And uh, and I'll get us all some uh some coffees--Yeah, why don't you.  Uh and you guys can talk about whatever, whatever you want. Y'know? Whatever pops into your head. 
 Okay here we are Paul, Elizabeth.  So I hope you guys were finding something to talk about.
Okay, I'll just wait for him in here!
 Oh! Oh my God! I didn't even see you!
He is my girlfriend's father, okay? It's-it's, it's weird!
 Just-just so you know I was a freshman and she was a senior. So it wasn't as bad as-as...
Yeah. You know what? I know what you mean; I do that too.
No! No! Not-I don't mean I-I see her as a twelve-year-old girl! I mean I-I have a son, who's umm six and I still think of him as a baby.
Yeah, well my-my ex-wife and I share custody of Ben and umm, uh, and just so you know, Carol and I are on excellent terms as I'm sure you are with your wife!  Oh, I'm sorry!  It's unbelievable!
Y'know what? I-I-I... I-I have had enough of this! Y'know, I-I-I care a great deal about your daughter and I have treated her with nothing but respect! So if-if you've got a problem with me, frankly...
Well if it doesn't matter to her, it doesn't matter to me!  Still not yelling!
That's okay, I'm not so crazy about myself right now either.
That's okay Rach, we're not liking Ross right now.
Thanks? But I have plans; Elizabeth and I are going out of town.
No, no, that's funny. But maybe it's time to move on, let it go, y'know? Stop it! Besides, Rachel is going out with Elizabeth's father, so ah, he's much older than she is. Looks like I'm not the only one interested in fossils, huh?
Okay, okay. Uh, well uh, Rachel is going to need to yell sweet nothings  in his ear. 
Oh, come on you guys; that's funny! Y'know? Because he's need-he's got like a hearing aide y'know, 'cause-'cause y'know, 'cause he's all old, and... 
All right look, I-I realize it upsets you.
But, Elizabeth and I are-are both adults and so I don't think there's really anything you can do about it.
Ohh! A man with a plan! Opening Credits ?
Wow! The only thing I got from my Grandmother was her eyes. I mean not-not her actual eyeballs, but, but people say that my eyes-Do-do you want to make out?
Ehh, I was just, I was just thinking about your father.
No. No-no uh, he just, he just really freaked me out before.
 Why?! Are there like bears or something?!  Ohh. Oh, protection. Yeah-no, yeah-no, that-that-that I forgot.
Oh no! Hey-hey, I'm the guy! I'll get it.
Elizabeth!  Okay. Okay.  I'm gonna go out this window.  I'll meet you at the front door. Just tell them you're going home, okay?
 And that is why we cannot see each other anymore.
All right, fine! Fine! Have me fired! But uh, I want you to know that you and I are not all that different. I mean, I too am a neat guy. 
And I too am just a love machine. 
Oh perfect, we were just gonna see if you wanted to go.
Hey Pheebs, what-what was the deal with you and Chandler blowing us off before?
Wait a minute, is it because Joey and I didn't invite him to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago?
Well, if he's angry, he really shouldn't just cover it up. I-I wish he would just tell me the truth.
Hey, remember how Chandler and Phoebe blew us off yesterday?
Okay. Well, apparently Chandler's angry at us for not getting him a ticket to that Knicks game a couple of weeks ago.
Yeah! Anyway, I-I still think we should try to patch things up, y'know? Like uh, maybe we could get him to get tickets to another Knicks game and invite him.
Hey! So uh, was he excited about the tickets?
I can't believe it.  Can I tell you something? I'm a little mad at him now.
Y'know what? He didn't want to talk to us about being angry, well maybe we don't talk to him at all!
Wait a minute, is this, is this for real?
You-you're gonna get married?! I mean... We're gonna be brothers-in-law! 
God that is the most beautiful engagement ring ever!
I'm sorry, it's just one of my last nights together before she leaves for camp-to be a counselor!
Wait a minute, does-does everyone feel this way?
Uh-uh-Wow! Uh, I thought you guys were just like making jokes, I had no idea. What you know what? You guys are wrong. Uh yes, there is a chronological age difference but I never notice it. You know why? Because she is very mature. Besides, it doesn't really matter to me what you guys think. I mean, I'm the one dating Elizabeth, not you!
Oh, you have to call the police! That's what I did to the kids in my building!
Oh!  Listen umm, I, I just stopped by to see if you wanted to see this play tonight. Umm, it's supposed to be excellent. The director is the same...
No! Okay! Okay!  Okay, look, can I, can I just-just talk to you for a second?
Uh, so this play umm, what do you think? It's-it's gotten great reviews! Y'know the uh...  First Dorm
 Everybody put their balloons down!!!  Now this is a nice suit!! 
What?  A-ohh!  Ohh. Oh that's right that's right. That's Richard's favorite place too.
Yeah, I was but uh, she was a little busy with a water balloon fight.
Y'know, maybe she is too young for me. Y'know, when I was over there and she was running around with her friends, I felt like I was a baby-sitter. I finally started to see what you guys were talking about. I don't know what to do.
Okay umm, bad stuff. Well, I'm-I'm 12 years older than she is.
Okay, good stuff. Umm, well she's-she's sweet and pretty and...
No! No! I...didn't do that. It's just... Okay, honestly no. I don't, I don't see a big future with her.
I've got to talk to her. Ugh, I hate this part.
 Wow! I have never had such a healthy break-up! She was such a grown-up about it! She didn't seem too immature for me! Did I just make a huge mistake?
Elizabeth, thank God! I was just thinking about...
Oh, thanks. Yeah, I really thought we'd be able to make it work, but uh, I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Right. Ohh! You-you want me to be your backup.
That's impossible! I mean we have had a deal for years! We-we-we shook on it, although believe me she wanted to do a lot more than that.
Phoebe, how could you do this to me?!
No! Pick me! I don't want to end up an old maid!
I found a note on my door, "Come to Monica?s quick, bring champagne and a Three Musketeers bar."
Oh, I thought it was just a kid yelling, "I?m gay! I?m gay!" Can I bring her in?
Well sure. But I get married all the time so?
Oh good, you scared me for a minute.
I mean?no, it?s just ?cause, it?s just ?cause you and I were like a nightmare.  No, but there was some good times.
Yeah? I was good at the stuff huh?
 Way to go guys. Y?know, you-you were really good at the stuff too.
Okay, this is getting a little crazy. I mean, I?m-I?m sure it would be amazing but I?gotta say I really-really don?t think it would be a good idea. Y?know? I really, really?don?t.
Okay, Monica. Mon, uh what-what you just saw?
Okay! Ho-ho! We did not steal your thunder because we are not getting back together!
Look let?s not make a big deal out of this! It was a one time thing. It doesn?t even matter! 
And; people thinking it?s huge has led Monica to believe that we are stealing her thunder.  Which we are not!
Hey, I just realized we kinda let some stuff up in the air?
Uh, Rachel, I?ve been thinking. I don?t think us getting together tonight is such a good idea. I?m calling it off.
 Well, I?m going to take off.  Congratulations man.
What can I say, you missed your chance. From now on the only person who?s going to enjoy these bad boys  is me.  Ending Credits
Take from me, as the groom all you have to do is show up and try to say the right name.
Oh my God, the wedding book?! I haven't seen that since the forth grade!
And that should conclusively prove that I had the idea for Jurassic Park first! Now let's take a look at... 
Phoebe, oh my God! Wh-wh-what are you doing here?
Oh my God! Of course, of course.  Umm, would you please excuse me for a moment? Umm, do you know each other's hometowns? Why don't you...   Wh-what's going on?
Umm, okay, yeah, sure. But wh-what's wrong with Monica and Chandler?
Do you realize I have a classroom full of students?
Phoebe, you can't massage people in my apartment!
Look, this is my home and I want to be able to come and go whenever I want!
The big deal is I don't want naked, greasy strangers in my apartment when I want to kick back with a puzzle-beer! Cold beer.
Can I, can I help you with something?
Okay! Now, I'm going to touch you.  Ohh, that's soft. 
 Hey, what are you guys, what are you guys talking about?
 Damn, this coffee's cold! Hey Rach, do you mind if I heat this up on your loins? 
So I guess you bought that book after we broke up huh?
 Oh yeah, yeah? Well uh, when we were going out, I read tons of porno magazines!   'Sup?
Okay, so it wasn't uh, a traditional massage. But I did give him accu-pressure with a pair of chopsticks. And, and I gently exfoliated him with, with a mop.
Hey, y'know what? This is your fault! You're the one that didn't move his-his appointment.
He said he liked that!! Oh you're right, you're right. I'm sorry.
My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.
Yeah and he didn?t really ask for you, he asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.
No, I-I thought it would be more fun this way.
Or you can sit with him on the front porch and make sure no one steals the trash cans. He does that every week too.
Oh, we have to get you an engagement present?
Well I had a great time! Umm, Chancy on the other hand?
And what did he ask you not to call him?
?Cause otherwise they?d have to call it the room room.
Now, I know you wanted to bond with my dad, but did you really have to bond to that part?
Oh, but he will. He still tells the story how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
Then how did you get caught in the barbed wire?
 Hey are you getting Monica and Chandler an engagement present?
Yeeeeeep? Yep-yep-yep-yep-yep. I remember when she took out on her dad?s boat she wouldn?t let me help at all.
Oh yeah! Batch 17 was good. I did not like batch 16.  I?m okay.
Yeah, ooh yeah, I think there is one from batch 17 left, uh?  It?s batch 16! 16 people! Get out of the way! 
Aww, Pheeb, come on isn?t there any relative that would have the recipe? What about, what about your sister?
That?s the day you?re gonna die? See?darnit, I?ve got shuffleboard that day.
Oh great! That means I?m stuck with, "So, we were watching you in there  and you were sittin? right here! Whoa!" 
Oh, nothin? much. Just trying to figure out what I?m gonna do for dinner.
 Hey?Ooh! What?s-what?s that, dinner stuff? You making dinner?
Eh, either way I?ll pass.  I still can?t eat those.  What?s so funny?!
 Look, okay-okay I had food poisoning! It?s not like I choose to do it! It?s not like?It?s not like I said, "Umm, what would make this ride more fun?!"
Oh really? Well I-I guess Monica should know about Atlantic City.
Well, Chandler and I are in a bar?
And this girl is making eyes at Chandler, okay? So after awhile he-he goes over to her and uh, after a minute or two, I see them kissing. Now, I know what you?re thinking, Chandler?s not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with girls, and you?re right, Chandler?s not the type of guy who just goes to bars and makes out with?girls.
Whatever dude, you kissed a guy. Commercial Break
All right! All right! Chandler entered a Vanilla Ice look-a-like contest and won!
Oh, is that funny?! Oh, you-you find that funny?! Well maybe Chandler should know some of your secrets too!
Once Monica was sent to her room without dinner, so she ate the macaroni off a jewelry box she?d made.
Monica couldn?t tell time ?til she was 13!
Ohh! Ohh! In college, Chandler got drunk and slept with the lady who cleaned our dorm!
And in my defense, the cleaning lady came on to me!
And! We should keep all the stuff uh, we told each other secret from everybody else.
Okay,  if you?ll excuse me, I-I?m gonna go hang out with some people who don?t know the Space Mountain story.
Oh, you guys call him Cute Coffeehouse Guy, we call him Hums While He Pees.
Soon he?ll be able to call you, that lady he knew who got fired.
Maybe I should open a divorced men?s club.
I could put uh-uh a basketball court in the back.
I like this one.  It seems to say, "I love you and that?s why I have to kill you."
Look, I don?t think so Pheebs.  All right, I?ll do it. But just because you?re a friend. 
Look, I?m sorry but you-you-you better go Pheebs.
Oh yeah?No?You?re welcome. We?ll talk about it later.
 Hi! I?m sorry, but can you give me a second while I talk to this woman, who by the way did not spend the night.
Okay.   I did divert her and we ended up having a great time! Okay?
Yes! That?s where we realized we were both super cool people!
Fine! Thank you for warning me. At breakfast I?ll be on full alert for room painting and sex weapons.
Pheebs come on! I mean, consider the source! Of course her ex-husband?s gonna say that stuff. Now, if you?ll excuse me?
Listen, you are hearing one side of the story, okay?and F.Y.I she must?ve shown Kyle over 30 paint samples before she painted that room! And his response to each one was, "I don?t give a tiny rat?s ass."
Well, I don?t think we are gonna have that problem, but maybe that?s just because I am not emotionally unavailable!
Well, excuse her for knowing what she wants to do with her life!
 I knew you were gonna throw that in my face!! That was three years ago! She apologized and she apologized! What more do you want?!!
So do we!! So do we!!  I?m sorry you had to see that.
Well maybe she wouldn?t have to be selfish in bed if someone else knew where everything was!
It makes him miss the bowl, but whatever.
That?s all right, we-we don?t need you. In fact, hey I?m over it already.
 I?m sorry. Ugh, Pheebs, you were, you were right about her. Y?know, she did try to use sex as a weapon! Yeah, I hurt my back a little.
And it?ll be cool to see it again! Yeah! Joey and
Dude, you didn?t say Die Hard. Is everything okay?
Wow, this cologne really is every bit as good as Georgio.
I? I don?t know what you are talking about.
All right! All right! It was the best nap ever!
I?ve said it! Okay?! But it?s over Joey!
Because it?s the highest.  Okay, Rachel you?re up first.  Situation No.
 When Monica was a little girl, I remember that??Ooh!! Ow! Very good!
It is time for you to give your maid of honor speech.
Okay Phoebe, I guess you?re next  although I really don?t see the point.
I?m sorry Rach, it was, it was really close.
Okay, okay, I was typing names into the library computer earlier, y?know-y?know for fun, and I typed mine in and guess what came up? My doctoral dissertation! It?s here! Yeah, it?s right-it?s right down here! In the biggest library in the university! 
 Oh umm, there?s also a book here by a woman named Wendy Bagina.  What is that?
People are doing it in front of my book!
My doctoral dissertation is in the library at school, I went to see it, and there were students makin? babies right in the middle of the Paleontology section!
Let me ask you something, at your school was there a like uh a place on campus where students went to uh, fool around.
Great! Because people kept showing up, I think it?s like uh-a thing!
Excuse me. Hi, I?m a professor here. Do you know the Paleontology section, fifth floor, stack 437? The
No! No!! No! Can I speak to someone in charge please?!  The Head
Hi, I was wondering if it is possible to increase security in the Paleontology section? See I-I wrote a book up there and instead of reading it people are-are-are well, rolling around in front of it. The Head
Well, fine. Fine! If-if I?m the only person with any appreciation of the sanctity of the written word, I?ll go up there and defend it myself!  And don?t you follow me!
Oh-oh, you?re-you?re fellow scholars. What exactly were you looking for, hmm? Perhaps,  perhaps Dr. Chester Stock?s musings on the Smiledon Californicus?
Ah? Ah?Get out of here!  Uh, meeting someone? Or-or are you just here to brush up on Marion?s views on evolution?
Yes! You?re the person who checked out my book?!
 Don?t sweat it, I?ve got this section covered. Yeah, in fact I?ve got this little baby  to shine in people?s eye??Okay, see you later. 
What, are we keeping Thanksgiving a secret this year?
You know, I hate to lecture you guys, but it's kinda disgraceful, that a group of well-educated adults and Joey can't name all the states. Did you ever see a map, or one of those round, colorful things called "a globe?" Hmm?
This-this is crazy! I can do this! All right, uhh, I bet I can get all 50 before dinner.
Right, they are scary.  Ahh, she just ate a treat out of my hand!!!
How can I not get this? I'm a college professor; I got 1450 on my S.A.T.s.
Hey look, Phoebe. I, uh, I laid out the states geographically...
Um, in Phoebe's room. You can't go in there.
Monica's crying. She's very upset about this whole Clunkers thing.
No. No, no. She doesn't want to see you right now.
Oh, is it? Is it? Look, when Monica and I were kids, we had a dog named Rover. And, uh, one day, my dad decides, he doesn't like dogs. So Monica and her friend?Phyllis?take away the dog. And that was the last time we ever saw him. Don't you see? This is just like that. Only with a few details changed.
I hate America! When I finish this game, I swear I am moving. 
Okay, maybe this is so hard, because there aren't 50 states. Let me tell you something, I have 49 states, and there are no more! I-I think, I should be able to eat something.
Tag? Y-You're going?  Uh we didn't, uh we didn't get the chance to talk. Uh, so, where did you say you're from again?
No-no, one daddy, two mommies. All right, it?s all yours. 
Mine stole my newspaper! It?s like a crime wave!!  Pheebs, you uh, you got a second.
Yeah, ever since you uh, told me that story about that bike I-I couldn?t stop thinking about it. I mean, everyone should have a-a first bike, so? 
Ah!  Well uh-uh, t-take it downstairs, y?know give it a test ride.
Wait a minute, she was walking the bike? Both times? 
Pheebs you uh?you do know how to ride a bike don?t you?
Okay, now just remember everything I taught you and you?ll be fine. Okay? Here we go. Ready?Set?
Phoebe, you can?t get out of this! Okay? You have to learn how to ride a bike!
Well let there?what if a man comes along and puts a gun to your head and says, "You ride this bike or I?ll sh?I?ll shoot you."
Okay, Phoebe just-just get-get on the bike and?Hey! I?ll hold you up and-and push you. Okay?
Come on.  All right, here we go. All right? 
I-I just thought you were doing so well. I?
Hey, there?s uh, some people outside, askin? about candy.
By the way, the week before your wedding you may not see a lot of me.  
 Look, I-I?m really sorry I let go of the bike.
I know. I know. But, can we please try it again? Huh? I mean, you were so close Phoebe!
All right, y?know what? If you are not going to learn how to ride this bike then I?m sorry, I?m just gonna have to take it back.
Because! Because, it-it-it?s? It?d be like you having this guitar  and-and never playing it. Okay, this guitar wants to be played! And-and this bike wants to be ridden and-and if you don?t ride it you-you?re-you?re killing its spirit!  The bike is dying.
Great! Great!  You?re making the bike very happy.
Oh hey, don?t thank me, thank yourself. You?re the one who faced her fears and ultimately overcame them.
 Sure!  Hey, I just found out, I get Ben for the holidays this year.
Nope. I mean, I know Susan does every year, but I think I wanna take this year to teach him all about Hanukkah.
Wooooooo, hehehe. Hey, ahh, you don't feel like you're gonna throw up, do ya?
Well, I do, so let's...  So, Ben, you uh, you know what holiday is coming up, don't ya?
Yep, and you know what other holiday is coming up?
Yes, but also  Hanukkah! See, you're part Jewish, and-and Hanukkah is a Jewish holiday.
Right, um, but, on Hanukkah, Hanukkah is a celebration of a miracle. See, years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees.
 Okay, that's right, yes, but on Hanukkah, uh, we sing, uh  Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of clay.
Well, how about this year, instead of Santa, we have fun celebrating Hanukkah?
No! Oh, no-no-no. Hey, you weren't bad, you've been very good, Ben.
No, hey-hey, come on,  Ben, Santa is not mad at you, okay? Hey, you're-you're his favorite little guy!
Well, uh, do you have a Santa-outfit left?
Okay look, do-do, you have anything Christmassy? I promised my son, and I really don't want to disappoint him, um, come on, I?uh, you gotta have something.
I'm the holiday armadillo! I'm a friend of Santa's and he sent me here to wish you  a Merry Christmas!
That's right, Ben. I'm Santa's representative for all the southern states. And Mexico! But, Santa sent me here to give you these presents, Ben.  Maybe the Lady will help me with these presents. 
You're welcome, Ben. Merry Christmas, ooh, and Happy Hanukkah!
 You wanna wander in the hall?  Ooh, hey Ben, what if the Holiday Armadillo told you all about the festival of lights?
Years and years ago there were these people called the Maccabees...
I'm the Holiday Armadillo, your part-Jewish friend. You sent me here to give Ben some presents. Remember?
Because, I'm finally getting him excited about Hanukkah, and, and you're-you?re wrecking it.
I'm sorry, Chandler but this, this is really important to me.
Okay Ben, Santa has to go. Say good-bye!
Fine, I-I give up. Santa, Santa can stay.
All right, it's time for the story of Hanukkah. Years and years ago, there were these people called the Maccabees. 
?and the miracle was that that little bit of oil that should?ve just lasted just one day, burned for?
That?s right, and that?s why we celebrate Hanukkah today. The end.
The Armadillo was actually not so thrilled about that part! Okay Ben, it?s time to light the Hanukkah candles! 
Come on, come on, we?re-we?re-we?re lighting the candles!
Wow, did not know that! May I say how lovely you look today?
Thanks.   Oh! So for tomorrow, do you want to rent a car and drive down together or what?
Well l-look okay, it?s probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Sheryl okay? Maybe you are invited and the invitation just got lost in the mail.
Hey, y?know what nickname never caught on? The Ross-A-Tron! 
Hey Joe, while you?re over there how about another beer for the Ross-A-Tron?
So I finally heard back from Aunt Sheryl and apparently it wasn?t a mistake. Ahh, there?s-there?s limited seating in the hall.
Well yeah, but she doesn?t know that. I mean, the last time she saw you-you would?ve turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
Oh what?s the big deal?! I wasn?t even invited to the ceremony, just the reception. And-and y?know what? If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance and then, and then we?ll-we?ll leave early as a sign of protest.
Yeah, Joan Tedeski my date. She?s an assistant professor in the Linguistics department. Tall, very beautiful, and despite what some people say, not broad backed!
Bec?Did you not hear me?! She?s an assistant professor in the Linguistics department, okay? They?re wild! Why do you want to come anyway?
Okay, all right, I?ll take you. I?ll go call Joan. 
Oh here, I think this is us.  Yeah.
Yes, yes it is. It?s uh?  Every time on the lips! Why?! Why on lips?! 
Now wait a minute, you be nice! All right? I didn?t bring you here so you can ambush her.
So it?s really a question of who could you have possibly done.
Okay! Okay! Fine, I?ll stop! No teaching, okay? We?ll just watch the pretty light streaking across the sky.  Okay? Who?s official name is Bapstein-King.
Man, look at all those stars!  Infinite space. It really, really makes you wonder, doesn?t it?
Joey come?I can?t believe?I bring you here to see the Bapstein-King comet, one of nature?s most spectacular phenomenon, and all you care about are bugs stuck in tar and-and some woman!
 Joey where?s the pipe that was holding the door open?
It?s called the Bapstein-King comet, okay?  Hey! Hey! Bapstein was a very well respected astronomer!
 Yeah, I guess we don?t have a choice.  Help us! Please help us! We?re stuck up on the roof and we can?t get down!!!
 I know, I wasn?t finished.   But don?t worry! We?re gonna go down the fire escape!!
Ugh. Well, we?re just gonna have to jump.  Yeah. Now, we?re gonna have to make sure to land to the right of that patch of ice, okay? Not hit the dumpster on the other side and uh, and try to avoid that-that weird brownish red stuff in the middle. So, when you get down there?you go up to the roof and you let me in.
Yeah! Oh yeah, you?ll be fine! It-it?ll be uh, just like bungy jumping. Y?know? But instead of bouncing back up you-you won?t.
Well, I?m gonna lie to you Joey, it?s a possibility.
Oh, all right.  Tails!  Can you-can you see what it is?
Well I?m jumping! I have a son! Okay? He won?t have a father if-if I die!
 Y?know, y?know I?m lookin? and I don?t think anyone?s home here. I say we just break the window, crawl through, and-and y?know explain later.
I don?t think so. Hello?  When you get in there? 
Okay, I?m going to start climb down you now.
Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we?re face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we?re-we?re butt to face.
I prefer not to answer that right now, I?m still carrying a little holiday weight. 
So what do you want me to do?
 M-maybe I should hang and you can climb down me.
Oww!! My ankle! I really hurt my ankle! I think I twisted it when I?Ooh, a quarter! Ending Credits
Hey, y?know what?s weird? After you guys get married, when you introduce me to people you?re gonna have to say, "This is my brother-in-law Ross." Not, "My friend Ross," "brother-in-law Ross." That?s weird isn?t it?
Oh, it looks like mom and dad?s house. Oh, it even has a tree with a broken limb out front and the uh, the window in the attic is?Oh my God!!
I can?t believe they-they didn?t even tell us!
 Uh, hello dad! Monica and I just saw the house in the paper!  Yes we?re surprised!  Who did you leave a message with?
I can?t believe we have to say goodbye to the house we grew up in. Man, some-some stranger?s gonna be living in my room.
I was their first born! They thought she was barren! It?s not my fault.
Hey, y?know if you want to pick up some extra cash? Some friends of mine made good money doing telemarketing.
Dad, we-we can?t believe you?re selling the house. Mr.
 Let?s grab our stuff and get the hell out of here. Mr.
Yeah, not as much as you used to love to play uncooked batter eater.
Wow! Great!  Wait, dad who-who?s cigarettes are these? Mr.
Cool! Dad! My report cards! Hey, check this out dad,  Math, A. Science, A. History, A. Gym? Oooh, my rock polisher! Mr.
How are you ever going to sell this place? Mr.
Oh no. Dad! Dad! What? Oh God?everything?s ruined! Dad, she?s gonna be crushed! Mr.
Dad that won?t matter to her. Look, all my stuff is safe and dry and all her is-is, is growing new stuff! See, this is exactly the kind of thing that makes her think you guys love me more than you love her. Mr.
Dad, dad I don?t want to hear about it. Mr.
Well, not right now. Okay look, Monica came here for some memories and damnit, we?re gonna give her some! Okay, grab?grab some empty boxes. Okay? We?ll-we?ll take stuff from mine and whatever we can pass off as hers we?ll-we?ll put ?em in their. Mr.
Like uh y?know like this! This!  She-she could?ve made this! Mr.
Right? And this!  She-she could?ve won this! Mr.
 Yeah! Yeah!  Oh, this will make a great memory.
Yeah. Yeah, oh you loved that thing. You always had it with you. You never went anywhere without-without that coloring book.
Oh, I don?t know how that got in there.
All right. I think it was a mouse.  Mr.
Well w-w-w-w-wait, w-wait, wait, wait a minute! I mean a couple of stupid boxes get wet and she gets a Porsche?! Mr.
Well, what about me?! I?m a medical marvel!! Ending Credits
Oh really. Is that how you felt when you turned thirty? 
Hey, 30 is not that old! Do you know how old the Earth is?
Hey! That was a practical purchase! I needed that car for transportation! Okay? I-I have a child! 
How hot do I look in this, huh?!
That?s not what this is about okay? I-I am a sports car enthusiast. I have always been into cars.
Hop in.  Get ready for the smoothest ride of your life.  Anyway, this being New York he is parallel parked on a street with the car in front of him only inches ahead of his bumper, likewise with the car behind him. He?s completely boxed in and can?t move more than two inches. He tries to get out several times by bumping the bumpers of both cars to no avail.)
Okay, forward. Forward?Stop!  Okay, back?Stop!  Okay, forward?Stop! Stop! Stop!
 Stick to the list. Always stick to the list.
Hey! Look who?s back! It?s the birthday girl! How?s the birthday girl feeling?
 You?re drunk! Mom and dad are gonna be maaaaadd! Maybe I?m a little drunk. 
Okay, is everybody clear? We?re gonna pick it up?and move it. Now all we need is teamwork, okay? We?re gonna lift the car?and slide it out. Lift and slide!
God, do you realize in ten years we?re gonna be 40?
Okay. Yeah, I guess, I guess I could do that too.
Yeah, I kind of uh, have something else planned for you guys.
Sorry, I?m kinda keeping this one on the Q.T.
 It?s winter, they are fewer people on the street. 
Yeah-yeah, help me out here, when you come out of the "brain transplant," you are going to be her?
Oh well, it sounds to me like your family is ready to uh, rediscover its Scottish roots.
Well yeah-yeah the Scottish history is so much more?
Come on that?s not fair! I mean you haven?t even heard me play!
No, you?ve heard my practice. Okay? Just-just give me a chance to perform for you and then decide whatever you want. And I?m not going to tell you what song I?m gonna play either. But uh, let?s just say when it?s over I?ll bet there will be a we bit o? celebration.
?now remember you have to imagine me in a kilt.
Uh, before we do uh, are any of Joey?s special romance magazines in there?
Hey listen can you do me a big favor? The dean?s office just called and said there was an urgent meeting. Can you watch Ben for like an hour?
I don?t know! Just-just talk to him-entertain him and keep him alive.
Okay.  Ben? Come here. All right, I?m gonna leave you here with Aunt Rachel for about an hour. Okay? Are you gonna be okay?
Okay, I?ll see you soon buddy.  Be back in an hour.
I have a bone to pick with you.
That?s right! That?s right! Saran Wrap on the toilet seat so the pee goes everywhere!
Yeah that! You know I hate practical jokes! They?re mean and they?re stupid and-and I don?t want my son learning them!
I was barefoot. Now tell me, the toilet thing is the only thing you taught him right?
Nice. And by the way that uh, that line down my face?
Wh-wh-what line? The line that prompted a student in my last class of the day to say uh,  "Dude, don?t you ever was your face?"
Of course I was mad! I told you I-I hate this stuff! Okay? It-it?s not funny!
Uh, y?know what? I?ll tell you who it hurts! It hurts the kid who has all his clothes stolen in gym class so he has to go to the principal?s office wearing nothing but a catcher?s mitt!
I will be! Listen, I don?t want you teaching my son that stuff anymore. Okay?
No that?s not what I want. Uh, I?m glad you guys were bonding but I?
Hey I?m sorry to do this to you again but uh, is there any way you can look after Ben for a little bit? I-I?ve got this meeting at school. And-and he-he asked for his uh, ?Fun Aunt? Rachel, so?
What?  That?s great. That is great.  What did we just finish talking about Ben?!
All right, that?s it!  Come?you?no! You are in big trouble young man!
Wait! No! Ben, come here! I am not kidding!
 Well hello! She?s cute! Should we uh, go try to talk to her?
Uh yeah! Let me, let me get that for you. The
 I got it.   So hi, I?m uh, I?m Ross and this is my friend Chandler.  The
Kristen, hi. Are you uh, new to the area, ?cause if you are?I?d love to show you around sometime.
Y?know actually it does have a very interesting history. Uh, this street is the first street in the city to have an underground sewer system.  Before that sewage and waste would just flow right down the street. Yeah, sometimes ankle deep! 
Umm, say you?re gonna be starving after all this moving. What do you say I take you to dinner tonight?
Great! Uh, let me take this up for you. 
Laugh all you want but uh, she actually left me a message saying she?d like to go out again.
Yeah in fact, I?m gonna go call her right now. And I?ll make sure to tell her my friend Chandler says? 
Oh great! We?re going out again Saturday. But I just found she?s also seeing some other guy.
Well you shouldn?t be. Believe me I wouldn?t want to be the guy who?s up against you.  I mean that doofus is going to lose!
Well obviously only one of us can keep dating her.
Well now let?s-let?s look at this objectively, I think I should date her?
That?s interesting, but check this out. I date her?
Okay, okay. This can go on for a while.
No Joey! Look why don?t, why don?t we just let her decide? Okay? Hey-hey, we?ll each go out with her one more time. And-and we?ll see who she likes best.
Maybe I?ll take her to that new French restaurant down the street?
Well sorry, that?s what I do on dates.
Uh actually, I sent the flowers before the actual date. So techincally, technically I didn?t break any rules. Thanks for stopping by though.
So they said our table will be ready in just a few minutes.
Oh yeah it?s fine. I guess the more muscles you have the more they can spasim out of control.
Hi.  It?s nice to meet you. I used to have a friend named Joey. I don?t anymore.
So Joey umm, you look familiar. Are uh, are you on TV or something?
That?s right! That?s right, don?t you play a woman?
Well yes, yes I have. In fact umm, just the other day Kristen and I were talking about how I?ve been married and how I have a son.
Yes. And another time after that. Boy I?m getting hungry! Hey Joey, have you ever been so hungry on a date that when a girl goes to the bathroom you eat some of her food?
Wait a minute! Were you on a poster for gonorrhea?
Hey-hey have you ever locked yourself in a TV cabinet VD boy?!
Yeah, laugh all you want but in ten minutes we?re gonna have younger looking skin!
?and it was Ernst Muhlbrat who first hypothesized that the Velociraptor would expand it?s collar and emit a high pitched noise to frighten it?s predator.  Yes Mr. Lewis?
Well we-we don?t know for sure. But in my head it-it sounded something like this.  Of course, this is just conjecture. Okay, that?s uh, that?s all for today.  Uh Mr. Morse, can I see you for a moment?
Mr. Morse I need to talk to you about your mid-term exam, I?m afraid I-I had to fail you.
Well I?m sorry but, that-that?s really not my problem.
Well that brings me in the loop a little.
Okay!  Umm, I uh, I?m your teacher. I?m sorry, you?re-you?re a student and I-and I like women. In spite of what may be written on the backs of some of these chairs.
Can I ask you something? Have you ever had a guy have a crush on you?
There?s this kid in my class who said he?s in love with me.
I do-I do not have a boyfriend. There?s a guy in one of my classes who-who has a crush on me.
Yeah! I don?t know. I mean, last year Elizabeth now-now this kid. What-what-what-what is it?! Am I giving out some kind of?sexy professor vibe? 
It-it?The point is my natural charisma has made him fail his midterm.
Yeah. I guess I can cut him some slack.
 Yes Mr. Lewis, how can I help you?
Well that?s different! Okay? Because he, he was actually in love with me!
I can?t believe someone would do that for a grade.
Uh Mr. Morse, can I speak to you for a moment?
Uh-hmm, yeah-yeah do you like it? Do-do you looove it? I just want you to know that I?m changing your grade back.
?Cause I know what you?re trying to pull here. Okay? It?s not gonna work.
Y?know what? I-I?m not even gonna talk about this. Okay? This little thing is over. I know you have a girlfriend! Okay??Yeah! And I know about the other professors! How do you think that makes me feel Ned?! You used me! You don?t love me and you never did!  Ah Professor Winston, Professor Fredrickson, I?ll be right with you.  Don?t make this worse and I?ll give you a C.  Shall we?  Ending Credits
A no sex pact huh? I actually have one of those going on with every woman in America.
Wow, I haven?t seen her for like forever. I wonder if she still carries that Barbie everywhere she goes.
So what! I still have?No you?re probably right.
Fine, she can stay at my place. By the way, what-what does Cassie even look like now.
Oh. Oh, that?s right. So-so you did see me that day because it seemed like you didn?t.
Uh-huh. Yeah I-I have a knack for impressions.
Cassie, how you-how you doin? on that?hot dog.
Oh right. Right. Ooh, remember the time I uh, I pinned you down and tickled you ?til you cried?  We?re probably too old to do that now.
 Uh-huh! Uh-huh! And-and-and I?ll always remember that summer because that?s when I realized that we are related.
Well I?m, I?m a little slow.  Just as our children would be.
 She?s your cousin. She?s your cousin! If she knew what was going on in your head she?d think you were sick!  Or would she? Let?s back up a second. She was the one who suggested opening a bottle of wine. She was the one who turned down the lights. She was the one that wanted to rent Logan?s Run, the sexiest movie ever.  Oh, I know that look. Forget it. I want it. She wants it. I?m going in. 
 Say something clever!  Okay, doesn?t have to be clever, it just has to be words. Say some words.  Any words will do.  Oh my God! This is the longest that anyone has not talked ever!  There is nothing you can say to make this worse!! So just say something!!   I-I, I uh haven?t had sex in a very long time.   Yeah, you really shouldn?t have said anything.
So that?s two of my wives. Opening Credits
Hey! Guess what I got for your wedding! 
No. Rachel hooked me up with a tux! But not just any tux, Batman?s tux!
That?s right! Made expressly for Val Kilmer and worn by him in the hit film?that Batman film he was in.
Well, you need something to make this day special? Hello! You-you-you have the most special thing of all! You are marrying the woman you love. 
When I got married you slept with my sister.
Yes. I find it to be something of a conversation piece.
Gunther.  Hey-hey! Why don?t we put them on? Y?know get a picture of Batman and James Bond together.
Well that stinks. I was looking forward to us wearing our celebrity tuxes together.
Okay, but just the jacket. Double-oh and seven are not gettin? in there.
Well with Carol, I promised never to love another woman until the day I die. She made no such promise.
Well, why don?t you just start with something simple. Like umm, Monica from the moment I met you, I knew I loved you.
Oh, we were helping Chandler write his vows, but he kicked us out because Joey kept making inappropriate suggestions.
I can?t believe in four weeks they?re gonna be married!
Believe me, it seems like less because they hid it from us for so long.  
 No! No! Wh? What are you doing?!!  GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Hey uh Mon, I saw the Porsche parked out front, can I get the keys? Thought I?d take that bad boy out for a little spin.
It?s a car Monica! Not a rocket ship!
Look Rach if-if you want to go for a ride in the Porsche I?ll be glad to take you for a quick spin around the block.
You?re fast and irresponsible. That adds up to a bad driver.
Did you see the look that girl just gave me? Huh? She must?ve seen me cruising in the bad boy.
Fine! Y?know what? It doesn?t matter, because, if I remember correctly, there is a comb on the floor of the bathroom. 
There is no way I am letting you drive this car! So why don?t you just hand over the keys?
No ah-ah-ah! Do not start this car!  Okay! Okay! I will give you twenty bucks if you get out of this car right now! 
 You don?t have a valid driver?s license?Okay that is it! Pull over right now!
 What-what are you doing?! Are you?Okay that?s not funny! Just stop horsing around!
Okay, stay calm. Nothing is going to happen to you, you are not in that much trouble.
I was talking to myself! You?re going down!
No Rach! Come on! No-no! Yeah, I?m sure we won?t get arrested for this. 
Well she should, it was taken ten years ago!
What?! What does he want?! I wasn?t doing anything!
Maybe it?s uh Sergeant Sagittarius coming back to flirt some more! 
Ah no. I don?t, but it could not have been more than sixty.
I mean you?re not gonna give me a-a ticket for driving too slow are ya?
Y?know of-officer I uh?I had the weirdest dream last night?
 You don?t-you don?t want to hear about my dream Officer?Pretty?
Ah. Joey you?re-you?re having lunch with my mom?
 Y?know what? Actually I?m kinda glad they?re leaving ?cause uh, I need to talk to you about something.
Well this uh, this may be a little awkward.
No, its?Its not that. Umm, now what I?m going to say to you, I?m not saying as your friend. Okay? I?m-I?m saying as it as Monica?s older brother.
Okay! You guys are getting married tomorrow and-and I couldn?t be more thrilled for both of you, but as Monica?s older brother I-I have to tell you this. If you ever hurt my little sister, if you ever cause her any unhappiness of any kind, I will hunt you down, and kick your ass!  What? I?m-I?m-I?m serious!  Come?Hey! Dude! Stop it! Okay? I?m-I?m not kidding here!
 Wow Monica! Hey, just so you know I had my uh, older brother chat with Chandler.
Well I?I told him that if he ever hurt you I would hunt him down and kick his ass!  What?! What?! What is the matter with everybody?! I am serious! I would kick his ass! 
 Can I have everyone?s attention please? I?m uh; I?m Ross Geller. Mr.
Dad?dad, please! As I was saying umm, I?m Dr. Ross Geller. Uhh, and I?m the best man. And uh, this marriage is doubly special for me umm, because not only is the groom my best friend but uh, the bride is my little sister. And, she?s the greatest sister a guy could ask for. So if you?d all please join me in raising a glass to the, the couple we?re here to celebrate.  To the Bings.
Oh, taking my parents back to the hotel.
And if I remember correctly, Ray Ban was the official sponsor of World War I!
I think it means he freaked out and left!
Look?Okay, I?m just gonna?I?m gonna have to go find him and bring him back! Okay? You-you make sure Monica does not find out, okay?
Gunther have you uh, have you seen Chandler?
Yes. Yes. Don?t worry. Everything?s fine. We?ll uh, we?ll see you tomorrow at the wedding.
Well then we?ll-we?ll see you the day after tomorrow.  Mom?! Dad?!  What-what?what you guys doing here?! Mr.
Yes! No-no! I know, I know what the list is! Mom! Look if you see Chandler, could you just let him know I?m looking for him? Mr.
No! I talked to Joey on the set, he hasn?t heard from him. I-I-I talked to Chandler?s parents again!
No! I made it seem like I was just calling to chat. Pretty sure, they both think I?m interested in them.
Well, can?t you at least stall her a little? I?ll-I?ll go back to some of the places I went last night.
Well how much time before she absolutely has to start getting ready?
We are never gonna find him! He?s one guy in a huge city!
Aw, y?know?Y?know, maybe we?re-we?re just approaching this all wrong. If you?re Chandler and-and you wanna hide, where is the last place on Earth people would think you?d go? 
She?s fine. She doesn?t know you?re gone. And she doesn?t have to know, okay? Now come on, we?re going home.
Chandler, have you ever put on a black cocktail dress and asked me up to your hotel room?
Y?know, okay. You?re right. It is huge. So why don?t we take it just a little bit at a time? Okay? Umm, forget getting married for a sec; just forget about it. Can you just come home and take a shower?
 Yeah?No-but-but-but-but! We?re just gonna go home and take a shower. Now, that?s not scary right?
There you go. You put on a tuxedo! Now that wasn?t so scary, was it?
I?m telling you, just a little bit at a time.
Getting married.  Okay. Okay. You can, you can do that too! Just like you?ve done everything else!
Hi!  Hi!  Hi. Has umm, anyone seen Chandler? Mr.
He-he was with me umm, we?re playing a little game, y?know? Hide and seek. Mr.
 You?re right, thanks for keeping me honest dad. Mrs.
Great. He?s doing great. Don?t you worry about Chandler.
Uh Phoebe, can I see you for a second?
You?re not getting away this time mister! Unless you want that ass kicking we talked about!
Hiiii-Ya!!  I?m serious! You?re not walking out on my sister!
Know what?If somebody doesn?t tell me what?s going on right now?
Oh my God. Oh my God! And you?re-you?re?you?re not freaking out?
I?ve never walked down the aisle knowing it can?t end in divorce.  Mrs.
 Okay, I know I?m not supposed to know, but I do. And I?m so excited for you!
What?! What do you mean? You-you-you?re not pregnant?
Hi. I?m uh, I?m Ross. I don?t, I don?t believe we?ve met. I?m Monica?s older brother.
Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant.   Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
Mona umm?Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she?s uh?well she?s dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the plant world.
Linda Clickclocken.  So what uh, what-what table are you at?  Oh, uh me too.
 Yes there will.  Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you?ve just been bumped up to table one. And if it?s all right with you I?m gonna take your place at table six?Martin Clickclocken. 
Hey! Uh, I thought, I thought you were at table six.
Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way  which uh, which was misleading. Well I?m?  Hello. 
It was the chair again! Okay? I?m not doing it! It what?look, I don?t?y?know what?eh-eh?  Hi.
I wasn?t farting!  Uh, a little game from our table.  Yes? Little
Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I?m about to dance with this lady. Little
Uh, unless! Unless, uh this lady wouldn?t mind letting you go first.
Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why don?t we try it my special way? You can dance on my feet. Little
Yeah? Hop on.  Is the pretty lady looking? Little
Oh, you-you sure?  Okay.  Okay. So what?s uh, what?s your name. Fat
That?s, that?s pretty.  Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing there Gert?
I just didn?t see the fast song coming.
 Okay, I know I?m not supposed to know, but I do. And I?m so excited for you!
What?! What do you mean? You-you-you?re not pregnant?
Hi. I?m uh, I?m Ross. I don?t, I don?t believe we?ve met. I?m Monica?s older brother.
Oh! Hello uh, Mona from her restaurant.   Mona, wow what a, what a beautiful name.
Mona umm?Clickclocken. The famous botanist? Huh? Oh no she?s uh?well she?s dead now. No, supposedly she was once quite the hottie of the plant world.
Linda Clickclocken.  So what uh, what-what table are you at?  Oh, uh me too.
 Yes there will.  Oh guess what, Molly Gilbert you?ve just been bumped up to table one. And if it?s all right with you I?m gonna take your place at table six?Martin Clickclocken. 
Hey! Uh, I thought, I thought you were at table six.
Oh see, before you uh, when you showed it to me you-you held it that way  which uh, which was misleading. Well I?m?  Hello. 
It was the chair again! Okay? I?m not doing it! It what?look, I don?t?y?know what?eh-eh?  Hi.
I wasn?t farting!  Uh, a little game from our table.  Yes? Little
Oh umm, well uh, maybe-maybe later. Right now, I?m about to dance with this lady. Little
Uh, unless! Unless, uh this lady wouldn?t mind letting you go first.
Yes I-I am. In fact umm hey, why don?t we try it my special way? You can dance on my feet. Little
Yeah? Hop on.  Is the pretty lady looking? Little
Oh, you-you sure?  Okay.  Okay. So what?s uh, what?s your name. Fat
That?s, that?s pretty.  Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What are you doing there Gert?
I just didn?t see the fast song coming.
Oh well, I guess I?ll catch up with her later.
I think I might know what this is about. 
Yeah. Uh, uh we promised we weren?t gonna tell anybody this but uh, about a month ago Rachel and I slept together.
Wow! I thought you would be a little more shocked.
Well, we-we said we?d just do it that one time but, but now I think she may wanna start things up again.
I?m telling you. I?m telling you. That?s what it is. No wonder she was looking at me all funny during the wedding. She didn?t say anything to you?
Yeah, I guess I should.  Man, y?know what I have to realize? Maybe I?m just not the type of guy women can have just one night with. Y?know, they-they always seem to want a little bit more. I should remember that. 
 I think we do. Why don?t we go inside?  Look uh, I know why you?re here.
Yeah, and to save you from any embarrassment umm, I think maybe I should talk first.
Okay.  Uh, Ross and Rachel. Rachel and Ross. That?s been one heck of a see-saw hasn?t it?
I mean look, that-that one night we had was fun and?and certainly passionate, but don?t you think it?s better if we just stayed friends?
Okay. Okay. Y?know what? If you want to, we can do it one more time. I mean I?d-I?d be okay with that. In fact, I have some time right now.
Yeah, I need uh? I?m just?I don?t know?I don?t understand, umm, how this happened? We-we used a condom.
What? What? What?!! Well they should put that on the box!!!
No they don?t!!!  Well they should put it in huge black letters!!!!
Freaked out? Hey no, I?m not freaked out! I?m indignant! As a consumer!
No! No! I want to talk now! Okay? I?In fact,  I am going to talk to the president of the condom company!
Oh my God! What happened to the door?!
Look, is Rachel here? I really need to talk to her.
Yeah but uh? Okay, okay look you guys know that Rachel and I slept together, but there?s something else.  Rachel?s pregnant.
Okay. Okay. I mean I?ll be okay. It?s just I don?t think I handled it very well.
Nothing. But the complaint department at the condom company got an earful. And then when I turned around she was gone.
But hey, in my defense I-I just found out condoms are like only 97% effective.
Please, please I want to apologize for the way I acted earlier today.
What? Oh yeah.  I?m sorry. I mean I-I think I went a little crazy. I mean I was thinking about myself when I  really?I should have been thinking about you Rach?
Right! Right! I just?I want you to know that I?m going to be there through this whole thing, okay? Okay? The doctor?s appointments, the uh, the Lamaze classes, uh baby-proofing the apartment?Although we could probably worry about that ?til after we get married.
Well yeah, I think we should get married.
No, because that?s the right thing to do.
No but?but still you can?t possibly do this alone.
Come on Rach, you can?t even eat alone in a restaurant.
I?m just saying if you can?t eat by yourself, how do you expect to have a baby by yourself?
Well certain other people take two hours to eat a bowl of soup!
I grew up with Monica! If you didn?t eat fast you didn?t eat!! Dr.
But not the husband, because evidently she can do this alone. Dr.
 I don?t know why you can?t admit that you need me.
Oh sure, come here!  Sure you can! Uh, look come here look,  it?s-it?s-it?s, it?s right there .
Come on! Come on! Here, okay-okay, you see this?  This tiny thing that looks like a peanut?
Oh hey, show them the picture of your uterus. 
Yes let?s. Y?know what? Uh, it?s-it?s not important. What is important is that, is that we?re having a baby. And it?s not?Doesn?t matter who came on to who.
What? What?! You were begging me to kiss you! You-you-you were sending me signals all over the place!
Y?know what?! It doesn?t matter! It doesn?t matter what you believe! What matters is what happened!
Y?know what? Y?know what? Rachel, just-just drop it.
I can show you, I have it on videotape!  It?s an expression. Commercial Break
 Rachel won?t talk to me! She won?t even open the door!
Filming Rachel is not something I planned. Okay look, here?s what happened, and Joey you-you can back me up on this. All right, about-about a month and a half ago I came to you with a problem? Umm, a personal thing.
About?about sex?  That I hadn?t had sex in months?
Do you have a minute? I?d like to talk to you about something I?m, I?m really uncomfortable talking about.
I actually had a topic in mind! I?m, I?m kinda going through a dry spell, sex wise.
Well, I mean it?s not all bad. I?m learning to appreciate the uh, smaller things in life. Like the sound of a bird and the color of the sky.
Please, help me! I have a date tonight. It has to go well okay?I?m scared for my health!
 Okay! Okay! Okay. I?m sorry. Please, please, you were in Western Europe and?
It?s from France?In Europe?Western Europe. Y?know umm, a few years ago I actually was backpacking across Western Europe.
Uh-hmm?Wait! It gets better. Um, yeah I was in Barcelona.
Anyway, umm so I was um, I was hiking?
 Oh that?s great! I was hiking along the foothills of Mount Tibidaybo?
Great! I?m across the street having sex with her right now. Your story sucks!
Listen, if you ever have any problem with the ladies you know I?ll help you out.
Hello! Can I get you anything? Huh? Lens cleaner? Your battery okay?  Rachel!
 So when she came in, I got distracted and totally forgot about the camera.  It kept rolling and recorded everything. 
What a great idea! That will get Rachel to forgive me!
Look, it was accident! Okay? I-I feel bad that it happened, but I swear, I didn?t even watch it! Anyway, here.  I thought you might be more comfortable destroying it yourself. 
Look, forget it Phoebe. Okay? It?s Rachel?s tape and she can do whatever she wants with it. And she wants to destroy it. So, end of story.
I don?t want people to see it for your sake.
Fine. Fine, but I want the record to show that I tried to take the high road, because in about five minutes I?m gonna be saying? 
 I know. Hey remember?remember the night they got engaged? How uh, you and I almost?
 I mean I?I know I wanted to. I just, I just wasn?t sure if you wanted to.
 Yeah.  Anyway umm, it probably worked out for the best.
And in about five seconds you?re gonna see why.
Yeah. Listen about that, the whole uh, who came on to who thing really doesn?t matter. I mean, I think it would?ve happened either way. I mean if you hadn?t initiated it I-I-I know I would?ve.
I uh? I don?t know. I mean I?I honestly didn?t watch it.
 Hey! Sorry I kept you waiting so long.
Oh ah, I think you know where I want to go.
Five years?! Chandler you have to tell him!
 Muriel. Wh-why would he call you Muriel?  Oh my God! Chandler M Bing? It?s not just an M, your middle name is Muriel!!
Chandler Muriel Bing. Boy, your parents never gave you a chance did they?
So, what do you want to do tonight? There?s a Ukrainian film at the Angelica that?s supposed to be very powerful. Interested?
Why no, it?s the opposite of weird. It?s-it?s uh, regular. It?s-it?s uh, it?s mundane. It?s actually uh, a little dull.
A date?! She?s-she?s got a date?! With who?
Joey, I?m not worried about her! I?m worried about my baby! Whoever she dates my baby dates! Now-now where is this  actor taking them?
A ferry? My baby is going on a ferry? Do you have any idea how dangerous those are?!
Why don?t they just jump out of an airplane?! Huh?! That-that?s a fun date! Or burn each other with matches?! That?s fun too! Whew!! 
Hi. I-I hear you?re going on a ferry tonight.
Well, I tell you what. Why don?t we uh, why don?t we just stay here? Let?s not see a movie, we?ll just hang.
Hey, if that?s what you want to do I?m not gonna say no.
I just?I have to find out how it went.
I don?t know! I guess I just can?t believe any of this is happening.
It?s just I always thought when I had another kid it would be different. Now I-I love Ben, but every time I have to drop him off at Carol and Susan?s, it?s like?It breaks my heart a little. I mean I?ve always had this picture of me and my next wife in bed on Sunday and, my kid comes running in and leaps up onto the bed. And we all read the paper together. Y?know? Maybe fight over the science section.
No! No I can?t. I mean Rachel?s out with some guy. My baby went with her. If anything that picture keeps moving further away.
It used to be. Now she doesn?t really have a face. Smokin? body though.
No but ahh! How much easier would it be if it were?
No, it?s not what I want either. I mean I-I can?t force myself to fall in love with her again now.
Ah, he didn?t uh, take it so well?
Yeah I know.  On the other hand in um, in about seven months you?re gonna have something that you?re gonna love more than any guy you?ve ever gone out with. Just wait. Wait until uh, wait until the first time your baby grabs your finger. You have no idea.
Oh that?s right. Well uh, would you be interested in seeing a Ukrainian film?
Sure! Uh, let me get it for ya.
Well, I?ll-I?ll be there. I mean I have to wear a costume to all my classes that day anyway so?
That?s right! He was hitting on her, and I got her. I guess the better man won.  Please don?t take her from me. Opening Credits
Remember the Russian satellite, Sputnik?  Well, I?m a potato or a?spud. And these are my antennae.  So Sputnik, becomes?  Spud-nik. Spudnik!
That?s funny. Yeah. Y?know you?re the funniest man here in a pink bunny costume his wife made him wear.
Uh, in her defense, she?s right. I am stronger. I would destroy you.
Oh I?ll prove it! I?ll prove it like a theorem!! 
Yeah? Me too.  Gettin? a little tired though.
Look this is starting to look really bad for me. Okay? Mona, Mona?s standing right over there.  Oh God, she?s talking to Joey! You gotta let me win!
Hey, at least you have a wife! I-I keep getting divorces and knockin? people up! And I?m dressed as doody.
Come on, who are we kidding? I?m doody. Please? She?s watchin?.
Oh. Yeah.  Uh Chandler let me win. No, Chandler?s really strong. Oh my arm is so sore. Oh nurse! 
Hey, y?know what and if you?re looking for a place? I just heard in the elevator this morning that a woman in my building died.
Well I don?t know, but how-how great would that be huh? You living in my building. I could help take care of the baby. I can come over whenever I want.  With your permission.
Hi. I?m Ross Geller. I live in the building.
I-I heard about Mrs. Verhoeven passing away and I?m so sorry for your loss. Mrs. Verhoeven's
Of course! Uh yeah, she and I would talk all the time in-in  the laundry room.  Mrs. Verhoeven's
Thanks for the coffee, or bedankt voor de koffie, Gunter. 
Okay I-I just have to stop by my place first.
No-no, I-I have to see if this apartment became available.
Yeah, but when the baby comes she?s gonna want to move.
Yeah, you didn?t expect her to live there with a baby did you?
 Oh.  Oh. Well I uh, I brought her some bloemen.  Mrs. Verhoeven's
Oh I don?t know that it would. Mrs. Verhoeven's
Well, the old lady died. And how do I know? Her dying wish was for one last kiss. But I don?t care,  because you got the apartment. Yes!
Oh thanks. Although it kinda seemed like you were falling asleep there a little.
Yeah, a lot of my students do that.
Ah, it?s good. It?s going good. I mean, we get along great. She?s, she?s so?
Well, I was gonna say sweet, but yeah-huh!
Well I?I haven?t actually told her yet. I don?t want to scare her off, y?know?
Sure, one year is paper, but two months is lapdance! 
Uh actually, sorry I can?t even make it. I?m seeing Mona again tonight.
Uh that?s an eighteenth century Indian artifact from Calcutta.
Aw forget it, it?s from Pier One.  Sorry.  Dr.
Y?know this is actually not a great time for me. Commercial Break
Yes. Yes, yes I did.  But-but it was, it was just a one night thing. It meant nothing. Dr.
No! No sir umm, she means a lot to me. I mean, I care?I-I love Rachel.
 Oh but not that way. I mean?I mean I?m not in love with her. I love her like a, like a friend. Dr.
I?m sorry. Dr. Green, Mona. Mona, Dr. Green.
I was going to tell you, but? Dr.
Hey! I did not dump Rachel!  Nor are we still together.  Can I just?  Why don?t we just let the machine get that?
No! No! No! No! No! I-I-I-I?I need to, I need to lie down.
So your dad dropped by. He?s a pleasant man!
I don?t care about your dad! I care about Mona! She was there and now she?s totally freaked out!
Thank you so much for coming back over.
Should I leave this open for you too?
Because what?s going on with Rachel has nothing to do with how I feel about you.
I know and I was going to, but I thought it was better that you heard it from Rachel?s father. Look I?I made a mistake, but it?s only because I really, really like you. Really!
Hey-hey you came! Man you look incredible! Hot stuff!  Hot stuff?
Yeah, you too. Man, so-so what are you up to?
Oh! Man I don?t think I?ve seen you since uh, Lance Davis? graduation party.
Yeah. It would?ve been good if we had gotten in, but still real fun.
Aw?oh, that?s right. Are-are you gonna be okay?
Will, high school was-was a long time ago.
No need to point, she knows who Ross is. Commercial Break
Uh actually, there-there was also that exchange student from Thailand but I-I don?t think he-he knew what it was.
That was in high school! It?s not like it was binding forever.
Look Rach I-I?m sorry, okay? I?I was a stupid kid, okay? The only reason I joined?
?co-founded. Co-founded the club was because I was insanely in love with you. Obviously I didn?t handle it very well. But if you think about it the I Hate Rachel Club was really the I Love Rachel Club.
It was no big deal. We-we?said that the rumor was?that umm?you had both?male and female reproductive parts.
Actually, Billy Tratt is gay now. So-so that one?s not really our fault.
Rach, I think you?re reading a little too much into it.
Look, what do you want me to do? Do you want me to call everyone in the entire school and tell them it wasn?t true?!
Well look-look I?m not calling anybody! Okay? It was like a million years ago!
I was working late in the library one afternoon. It was just the two of us. She needed some help with her word jumble. And one thing led to another. If you must know, Anita was very gentle and tender. May she rest in peace?
Only when it was damp!!  I can?t believe you-you told people about this?! Everybody knew?! Y?know what?  I?m back in the club!
Yeah. I mean we are having a baby together.
That?s right, I love you! And-and I?m gonna play with you all the time.
Fine! No more dinosaur stuff! Can I talk about fossils? 
What are you reading? The Kidnappers Guide to Manhattan Private Schools?
Well actually, I?m picking Ben up tomorrow, maybe he?ll be there.
Hey I uh just picked up Ben from school?
I dropped him off at Carol?s.  Anyway, it turns out that I?m not going to be able to get those tickets though.
Well it turns out that Ben and Sting?s son do not get along.
Apparently, Sting?s son made fun of the fact that Ben?s moms are lesbinims.
Phoebe, you can?t force kids to be friends.
Look I?m sorry Pheebs, I can?t do it.
You?re gonna love me so much. I got Sting tickets!! 
Oh great! Hey-hey Joey, do you want to check out pictures of me and Mona ice skating?
Hey where-where are the pictures that creepy pretzel vendor took of us together?
Wow! That is a good one! Wow, it looks like a, like a holiday card y?know, with the tree in the middle and the skaters and the snow.
Married couples send out cards, families send out cards, people who have been dating for a couple of months do not send out cards! What-what is she crazy?!
Well, we-we haven?t said that to each other yet, but I guess its okay to say it to other people.
A hundred?! Well, I-I guess I?ll take a?Mona, uh?I-I?m not sure about the whole uh, card thing.
Sending out a holiday card, together, I mean I just don?t know if we?re really quite there yet.
Oh yeah, yeah we?re moving forward. You?ll be getting our card!
Yeah, we?re not just doing a card! Y?know, she-she also wants to have the conversation about where the relationship is going.
I know! I know! Why do you guys need to have this conversation?! Huh? I mean no self-respecting man would ask a woman, "So, where is this going?"
Hey! You were a closed book! Okay? I?m not a mind reader! Besides, I hate those conversations. I?m horrible at them. Really! Maybe-maybe I need kind of a gesture. Y?know, something that says we?re moving forward without having to talk about it.
Whoa-hello! We were closer with the mixed tape.
Yeah I-I don?t-I don?t think I?m quite there yet, but I could say I looove spending time with you.
Forget it. I-I?Y?know what? I?ll just have the conversation. I?ll just say I like things the way they are, and hope for the best. What do you think Rach?
Here we go. Mona umm, I think it?s time we-we had a conversation about-about where things are with us.
Aw, we-we are so? So umm, well I-I-I like you and I-I love umm, y?know hanging out with you. And I mean-I?m having a lot of fun. 
I mean, there?s no point in spending time with someone if-if it?s just fun. It?s gotta be, it?s gotta be going somewhere right? So where-where is it going?  Ah! That?s-that?s the real question. And-and the answer is?is it?s going somewhere?fun. Now I-I know what you?re thinking, fun was fine for you like ten years ago y?know, but you?re-you?re not getting any younger. No I mean?No not you, not you, you?you are getting younger. I mean?you-you look like you?re getting younger by the second?What?s your secret?
Well, well to sum up, we?re having fun, you look young.
But that?s not enough. So? So?here?s a key to my apartment. 
Not just a key, I gave her the only key! I am now a homeless person in a very serious relationship.
Okay, and oh I?m gonna need a bunch of extra keys. Apparently I give them away for no reason at all.
I?m trying to tell you I made you a mix tape.
Hey! Oh, I?m so glad you guys are here. I?ve been dying to tell someone what happened in the Paleontology department today.
Professor Neuman, the head of the department, so?.
No, I get to teach one of his advanced classes!  Why didn?t I get head of the department? 
?which brings us back, of course, to Greely?s theory of dominance.  Okay, that-that?s all for today. Oh, uh does anyone know where the Freeman building is?
What?! That-that?s all the way cross town, I?m supposed to teach a graduate seminar there in ten minutes.
Move it! Move it! Move it!! Hey!!! I?m the teacher!!
Hello.  I?m sorry I?m a little late. Ah??Whoa! A lot late. Let me start by uh, by introducing myself, I am Professor Geller.  So to sum up, I?m Professor Geller. Good job today.
No, I ran. It was really far, and when did people stop understanding the phrase, "Get the hell out of my way!"
Ugh, between the traffic that time of day and all the one-way streets it?ll take me twice as long. Besides, I teach the class three times a week, who am I? Rockefeller?
Well I have to. Okay? If I don?t, they?ll take the class away from me. And?I already put it in my family newsletter.
Besides, I-I think I figured out a much faster route, I?m sure I can make it this time. I just?I just can?t be afraid to get a little bit?hit by cars. 
Yeah!!!! Yes, I made it! I?m on time!  Okay, why don?t we all uh,  open our books to page 23. Where?  Where you will see?a uh?a bunch of uh?red spots. Okay,  umm, why don?t, why don?t you all start to read, while I?
No-no, we talked about it. We don?t want to know. All we care about is that it?s happy and healthy.
Maybe. But it wouldn?t hurt to have a backup, you know? Uh, Rach-Rach, what were you thinking? 
Huh. That?s a really pretty name for-for an industrial solvent.
Well, OK, it?s for a boy. Well, I know it?s a little out there, but?Darwin.
You?re just saying that 'cause I said no to your name!
Rain? Hi. Hi, my name is Rain. I have my own kiln, and my dress is made out of wheat.
Oh, veto. How about?Ooh, I like Ruth! What about Ruth?
I don?t think you had an open mind about the name Ruth. I mean, come on, little Ruthie Geller, how-how cute is that?
What? Rach! Come on, that?s terrible! They?re?uh?they?re babies. They?re-they?re all beautiful.
Yeah, why is it staring at me? I think it knows I?m talking about it.  Don?t-don?t you?Wh?Wha?Hey!!
No, no, no, no! Don?t tell me! I don?t want to know!
Rach, I-I can?t tell you how-how much that means to me! Ohh? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You-you hated the name Ruth! Why-why would you change your mind? Unless, you know we?re never going to have to use it. You did see the folder. You know it?s a boy!
I don?t think so! You?re just giving me Ruth so you?ll get to name it when it?s a boy, and that?s when you?ll swoop in and name him Heath or Blaine or Sequoia.
Unless?  You anticipated that I would figure all this out and you know that it actually is a girl, and you really do want her to be named Ruth! Well, I?m not falling for that! Okay? Ruth is off the table!
So, I uh? I called the doctor and now we both know the sex of the baby.
That?s right. The student has become the master.
Oh, come on, you know it?s a girl!
I know! I know. You know what? I?m putting Ruth back on the table!
 Well hey! What?s going on? Ooh, cool boat??Oh, no.   Hey, did you, did you tell them?
 I hope you?re a better father than you?re a friend!! 
My God, the baby?s kicking. That?s great. Although I?kinda wish I-I would?ve been there to feel the kicking for the first time y?know.
Look, I-I don?t want to miss anymore baby stuff. So?Here. Here?s my new pager number, okay? Anytime anything pregnancy related happens use it! I?ll be there! Okay? I don?t care if it?s three in the morning and all you want is ice cream.
Your page said come to the hospital, what? What was it? What happened?
Oh. Oh. Thank God, most women don?t even feel them.
Oh when you beeped me I was on line at the concession stand at the movie theater.
 So, thanks so much for bringing her to the hospital.
Yeah but still, I mean it should?ve been me. I?m the dad. Dr.
I made her favorite, tuna salad with pickles.
 I-I?m sorry Rach, I didn?t know. Are you gonna be okay?
I can?t believe this! I shouldn?t be the one making her throw up!
Yeah? Not to you, because you know this stuff. I don?t know any of it and I?m the father. I wish I?d be more involved y?know.
No I-I-I would love to be around for you and the baby. And we-we can just try it like on a temporary basis.
So? Sure! But it-it wouldn?t be anything romantic. And I?m-I?m dating Mona?Damnit Mona! I was supposed to meet her like an hour ago! What is wrong with me?!
No! No it?s not. Joey, this is a smart idea.
Oh, I?m actually on my way to tell her right now. Yeah, she?s been away all week visiting her parents, but she?ll be cool. I mean, she?s been so supportive. She-she even got the baby a tiny T-shirt that says, ?Fossils are my friends.?
Come on, I?m your older brother, ask me!
Wha?? Oh, come on. You didn?t have to?saltwater taffy?!  Thanks! This is interesting. You know, most people think this is made with sea water, but it?s actually made with, uh, salted fresh water. That?s not interesting.
Oh, it was good! It was good. Actually, the baby started kicking!
Yeah! I know! It was. Oh? the only sad thing is I wasn?t around when it happened for the first time.
Yeah, I?m missing out on all this other stuff, too. So, Joey suggested Rachel move in with me.
I don?t know, she seemed to think it was such a crazy idea! Um, plus, she, uh, she got me taffy!
Oh, no, no, no, I will! I just want to butter her up, first! You know, I?m going to take her to an amazing Valentine?s dinner. Do all this romantic stuff, and then, just when she thinks I?m the best boyfriend in the world, then I?m going to tell her that my pregnant ex-girlfriend is living with me.
Well, I?m, uh, going to pick up Mona. What have you got going tonight?
Y?know, it?s interesting! Most people think that?s made with seawater, when in fact?
 Mona? What are?hi! What are you doing here? I?m, um, supposed to pick you up!
No, no. She?s way to emotional. And by emotional I mean crazy. 
And you thought she was going to be in our way! So, why don?t you, uh, open the champagne, and I?ll be right back. I?ve got a surprise for you.
 Happy Valentine?s Day! ?Or something to remember me by.
Well, with everything that?s been going on lately, I haven?t exactly been the perfect boyfriend. You know, I, uh, I didn?t tell her I got Rachel pregnant. I gave her a key to my apartment, and then had the locks changed! And then I lied to her about Rachel moving in with me. In a way, I actually judge her for not breaking up with me sooner, you know?
Yeah. Wait a minute. What are you doing here? Joey Tribbiani without a date on Valentine?s Day? What?s going on, huh? Girl trouble?
Oh, sorry. Well, look, maybe I can help you with it.
Hey, whatever it is, I am sure it has happened to me. Y?know, actually once?once I got dumped during sex. 
Hey, hey, it?s me. Why can?t you tell me?
I knew it. So, is she someone from work?
So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh? is he still in love with her?
Then talk to him! He might be fine with it.
Joey, it?s worth finding out. I mean, if you really like her.
Okay, Joey, you know what? You have to go for it. How often does this happen to you, huh? You owe it to yourself.
I?m going to?uh?I?m going to, um, put the bourbon in it at home.
Anyway? seriously, uh?just?just talk to the guy, okay? And tell me how it goes. 
So, uh, this guy, she used to go out with, is, uh? is he a good guy?
Then talk to him! He might be fine with it.
Joey, it?s worth finding out. I mean, if you really like her.
Okay, Joey, you know what? You have to go for it. How often does this happen to you, huh? You owe it to yourself. 
 Did you um?I?m sorry, did you just say it?s Rachel?
It?s not a big deal? Oh, I?m sorry I just?um, I?what about all the stuff you-you just said? I mean how about, I like?you-you can?t stop thinking about her. Like how you can?t sleep?
Oh y?know, I still?I can?t believe it. Joey and Rachel I mean it?s? It?s like you and me going out, only weirder!
Oh my God! What if, what if they get married? Then he?d be the stepfather of my child.
Sure, because women never like Joey. Y?know, I think he?s a virgin.
Hate him? I? No, I don?t hate him.  It?s just it?s Rachel, y?know?
No, no I don?t want to do anything to you. All right? I just want to tell you that I?m not mad at you and?and that I certainly do not hate you. I just, I just came here to say that. 
I think you need to tell her how you feel.
No, I?m serious. You-you need to find out where she is, because if she?s not where you are, then you can start to move past this.
If she is where you are then uh?then my feeling weird about it shouldn?t stand in the way.
Yeah. Look if-if she?s gonna end up with somebody else, the truth is she couldn?t find a better guy. So?
So when do you think you?re gonna talk to her?
I?m understanding, but let?s not get carried away.
 Hey! Has anyone seen my shirt? It?s a button down, like a, like a faded salmon?
Great! Great. Then I must?ve left it at Mona?s. I knew it!
That?s my favorite shirt! Okay? I love that shirt!
I don?t know. I mean I-I guess I could. It?s just that we didn?t really end things such good terms. And if I go over there I?d be ignoring the one thing she asked me to do when we broke up, jump up my own ass and die. 
Mona?  Okay, if I were a salmon shirt, where would I be? 
Not touching myself if that makes anyone less uncomfortable.
Uh, yeah, you sure you want to after what happened at their 20th?
Okay, hopefully this time mom won?t boo you.
 Aww! Chi-Chi! Oh, I loved this dog! Y?know Monica couldn?t get braces because Chi-Chi needed knee surgery.
You were the 200-pound 11-year-old who rode her! 
Ah, actually, I?m sorry we-we probably should get going.
Well, there is an Arby?s in the shape of a tee-pee.
So uh, he seems like a nice guy.
Ya wanna hang back and take our own cab?
That?s a good question, dad. That?s a good question?
Dad so what we have to pretend that we?re married? Mr.
No, us having to lie about being married.
I?m so we weren?t in the car! Did he ever let up?
 This room! This night! That waiter! His shoes! I must take a mental picture!  Ooh sorry?
No, no, it was just our parents and 1 or 2 friends. It was a small wedding.
Would you excuse us for a second?  Umm?. what are you doing?
Okay, okay. Ooooh, ooh maybe I rode in on a Harley.
Well, um, actually, I-I took her to the planetarium. That?s-that?s where we had our first date. Um, she walked in and I had the room filled with lilies, her favorite flower? Aunt
Then, Fred Astaire singing The Way You Look Tonight came on the sound system, and the lights came down. And I got down on one knee and written across the dome in the stars were the words "Will you marry me?" 
Oh, no, Mom, it?s just Monica this year. Mrs.
No, of course, Um? Um, everybody? Um, I-I just wanted to say?on behalf of my new bride, Rachel , and myself. Umm, that if?if in 35 years, we?re half as happy as you guys are, we?ll count ourselves the luckiest people in the world. Mrs.
?and then, we could?ve gone from the ceremony to the reception with you in the sidecar!
But having a dove place the ring on your finger would?ve been no problem?
Yeah! And! And, it was the easiest 400 bucks I?ve ever made.
No, actually I thought about it when, when we were going out. It?s how I imagined I uh, I would ask you to marry me.
It?s a good thing I didn?t do it, because it sounds like it would?ve been a very expensive wedding.  Okay, good night
Even if the sidecar had a windscreen so your hair wouldn?t get messed up?
Y?know I don?t understand why they didn?t cry. It was a beautiful speech.
Hey! All that stuff you said about true love, you were right, I mean, we did learn a lot from Mom and Dad! And that picture of Chi-Chi with her mischievous grin. And what you said about Nana. Ohh, yeah she really would?ve wanted to be there. And you know what? I think she was.
Just then or-or all the time, ?cause we-we have jobs y?know.
 Who just lost the respect of her unborn child. The
Uh no, no just-just that he is a great guy.
All right I've been feeling incredibly guilty about this, because I wanna be a good friend, and damnit I am a good friend. So just, just shut up and close your eyes .
Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you...  Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?! Phoebe and
Okay. Now-now-now should I climb down your front so we?re face to face or-or should I climb down your back so we?re-we?re butt to face.
I prefer not to answer that right now, I?m still carrying a little holiday weight. 
Wow! This picture of you sure is steamy.
Well uh, I-I?m a paleontologist. Umm, I-I live in New York. I have a son Ben. Uh, hi Ben!  And uh?
I?m sorry, I don?t believe contestants are allowed to talk to each other.
The wheel has not been my friend tonight Joey. Uh, I?ll take another question.
Wait a minute, I-I believe I?m entitled to use my Angel Pass for a free turn?
Y?know what? You?re just upset because you?re losing.
 You don?t think it?s a little crazy that you get all my points just ?cause you?
 Hungry monkey!  Haaa!  I?d like a Wicked Wango card!
 Oh.  Oh! Oh my God! Okay, I know this, give me-give me a second!
I just Bamboozled Chandler!  Which is not uh sexual thing. That was a quick shower.
Wow! It looks like we got a lot of good stuff.
What?You?re not serious. I mean she?s a very nice woman, but there is no way we can take eight weeks of her. She?ll drive us totally crazy. Mrs.
Y?know what? Maybe, Mrs. Green, it?s not absolutely vital that you live with us. Mrs.
Well uh, y?know what? Even if she doesn?t know anything, I do! I have a son. And his mother and I didn?t live together, and whenever he was with me I took care of him all the time, by myself. Mrs.
That?s a different issue. Uh, the point is, when the baby comes I will be there to?to feed her and bathe her and change her. And more than that I want to do all those things. Mrs.
Yes! Yes, you?re gonna be so missed. Mrs.
Oh, come on, every first time mother feels that way. You?ll?you?re gonna pick it up.  Hey! You will! Uh look, y?know when you first came to the city? You were this spoiled helpless little girl who-who still used daddy?s credit card. Do you remember?
Look at you! What?You?re-you?re this big executive! You are much more capable than you give yourself credit for. I-I have no doubt you?re gonna be an incredible mother.
All right then.  Rachel Green! Let?s play Bamboozled!  How do you test the temperature of the baby?s bath water?
Excellent! How do you put a baby down for a nap?
That?s correct! This is an audio question, what do you do when the baby makes this sound? 
Excellent! Excellent, now-now do you want another question or a Wicked Wango card?
Hey you guys I got some bad news. 
No, Monica?s restaurant got a horrible review in the Post.  I didn?t want her to see it, so I ran around the neighborhood and bought all the copies I could find. 
But the good news is, no one in a two-block radius will ever know.
Okay look, I had a lot of water before I went to bed. Can we do this after?
Okay look, there?s nothing to worry about. We have plenty of time. There?s a great baby furniture store on west 10th. Tomorrow, we will go there and we will get you everything that you need. Okay?
 Okay. Okay. If uh, if you?re gonna do this, then I?m gonna do that.  So? 
We are having a baby together, but we?re not involved.  I mean, uh we-we were seeing each other a while ago, but then we were just friends. And then there was one drunken night.  Or, yes stranger, we?d like this delivered please.
My son? Pretty serious.  Oh hey Katie!  What uh, what are you doing here?
Ah, must?ve been fairly obvious since it was the only thing left in your store.
Oh! Wow! Uh, yeah! That sounds great. I?m just gonna put this  back in my pocket, pretend that didn?t happen. Uh yeah, actually I?m free now. Do you wanna grab some coffee or?
 Yeah, I?m just gonna grab my coat. And uh, and my whip.  Y?know because of the Indiana Jones?  Not-not because I?m-I?m into S&M.;  I?m not-I?m not into anything weird. Y?know? Just-just normal sex.  So, I?m gonna grab my coat. 
Uhh, it was fun. We, we just had coffee.
What?s uh, what?s going on? Do you not, do you not like Katie?
Did you get like a fresh batch of pregnancy hormones today?!
I won?t date. I?ll uh, I?ll be here, with you, all the time.
True, but you?re allowed to be unreasonable. You?re having our baby. 
We live together. You?re having our baby. I?m not gonna see anybody else. Are you-are you sure you don?t want something more?
Oh-oh, Rach! I was just messin? around!  Like you did last night when I had to pee?
 Okay. Okay. Because for a minute you said you?
Uh sweetie, maybe you?d be more comfortable here? 
Look, I-I know how miserable you are, I wish there was something I can do. I mean I wish I were a seahorse.  Because with seahorses it?s the male, they carry the babies. And then also umm, I?d be far away in the sea.  
 Hey is Rachel here? We have a doctor?s appointment.
People ask me why we?re not together, I just don?t know what to tell them.
Uh, do you wanna go change first? The doctor?s keeping the office open late for us, but if you hurry?
Really? You don?t think that?s a little inappropriate. 
Fine! Fine! Y?know what? Whatever you want. Okay? You?re the mommy.
Oh nothing. Nothing! Just uh, you?ve been a little short with me lately. I?m not trying to irritate you.
Y?know what? The doctor will be in soon, why don?t we not speak until then.
Y?know we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that?s half human and half pure evil! 
You?ve got to be kidding me! Commercial Break
Yeah, we tried them all. We went for a walk, uh we tried a special tea, caster oil, spicy food nothing has worked.
What?! While she?s been going through this hell, you?ve been making money?! You?re betting on your friend staying in this misery?! 
Okay here, have one of these peppers. Oh ha? Oh God! So?so hot!  Oh my? By the way, you don?t want to touch the pepper and then touch your eye.
I?m sorry, but we have to have some boundaries! My God, I?m dying.
This is insane, I?m not gonna make love to you just so that you?ll go into labor.
Always a great way to get in a man?s pants.
I love when you talk dirty to me.
Okay enough! This is, this is not going to happen.
I am good. Okay! Okay! Uh, I got the pillow! I got the bag! You got the keys?
All right!  Yes!! From home to the hospital in under seven minutes! We did it!!
No, but come on, we?re off to a great start aren?t we? I knew I?d get you here fast, but this has got to be some kind of a record! 
Wait a minute! How-how the hell did you beat us here?
N? No! We took a cab too, but I did test runs! 
Okay is there?some kind of magic tunnel to this hospital?!
Okay. Okay.  Umm hi, this is Rachel Green. I?m Ross Geller. We-we called from the car.
Well then we?d be in a lot of trouble, you don?t know where any countries are.  Okay.  Uh, say would you umm? Would you mind checking again to see if any umm, private rooms may have  opened up?
Yeah, guess so. Whew! Check these out!  Never done this before.
Hi! Hi, I?m uh Ross. I?m here to ruin this magical day for you.
Umm say, I-I opened this earlier  but let me give you guys some privacy.
Hi! I?m so glad you?re here, but it?s gonna be a while. I-I wished you?d called first. Mrs.
Ma, you?re asking me to marry you? Mrs.
N-no! Okay? We?ve been through this! We?re not gonna get married just because she?s pregnant, okay? Mrs.
Mom, y?know what? I-I can?t deal with this right now. I?m sorry? Mrs.
?she came and dragged me out of the labor room to ask me why I?m not with Rachel.
Are you kidding? Look, we?re not gonna be together just because we?re having a baby. Okay?
Okay, stop it! I can?t deal with this right now. I have to go have a baby.
Wow! Sorry. So uh, how are the new people?
No-no, I?m?I?m sure no one was looking. Just want some privacy.  Evil
 Hey! You wanna live to see your baby?! Evil
The nurse said they?re bringing in another woman.
 Squeeze your legs together and cover the baby?s ears!
Um uh?We?re-we?re just having this baby together but uh, uh that?s all.
Uh well umm?we?re just not in that place, y?know? But we?re very excited about this.
Not just Janice, Janice in labor, contracting and everything.
Y?know what I think it is? I think you?ve made such a nice home for her over the last nine months that she just doesn?t want to leave.
What? You do? You do?  Oh my God!
Oh thank God, I thought she had two heads.
Hey! Hey! Come on! You can! I know you can do this! Let?s go!
No! Come on let?s?One more time! One final push! Ready? 1?2?3!  Dr.
You have no idea how much this hurts.  Keep going! Keep going! Dr.
Oh! Oh! She?s upside down but she?s coming! She?s coming!
Oh! Oh my God oh! Oh my God she?s here. 
Oh it?s okay. They?re just-they?re just wrapping her up.
The doctor says it?s completely normal with all the hormones. Plus, you-you?re sleep deprived.
Uh actually, we-we?ve narrowed it down to two names.
So I guess we?re back to uh, Baby Girl.
Ugh, easy for you to say, you already know what your kids names are going to be.
Man! Did you see the kid on that nose?
Yeah. Yeah, it really was. But we?we gotta be careful. We?we can?t let that happen again, y?know?
I mean we don?t want to go down that road do we?
Oh my God! I?m sorry, I was talking to this nurse, completely forgot.
Yeah. She?s putting her down now, that?s her. 
Oh what are you kidding? She?s gorgeous, it?s all Rachel. 
Look, we?ve been together. Okay? And then apart, and then together, and then apart, and now we have a baby.  It?s just if-if we got together again and it didn?t work out?I could never do that to Emma. I mean she-she thinking everything? Oh that?s?now me. What do they put something in the water in this place? Since Rachel and I we?re doing really, we?re doing really well right now.
You?re weird today.   Listen I uh, wanted to talk to you about something.
Uh Joey, can you give us just a minute?
Uh Dad, Emma?s in the nursery. I?ll take you now. If you want, but  I really want to talk to you.
Oh well yeah, actually I was going to talk to her when you guys all came in the room.
What?! When have I ever touched myself in front of you guys?
Dad seriously! Y?know you really should see someone about that! Mr.
I wanna go talk to Rachel for a minute, are you gonna be okay alone for a bit? Mr.
Wow! Kind of uh, kind of a full house here. I?ll guess just?I?ll come back. 
Y?know what? I don?t like you without mom.  Come on. 
What, that we had a baby? Come on let?s give him a little credit, although, he did eat a piece of plastic fruit earlier.
Phoebe, there is no secret. Okay? I didn?t propose.
 I am a doctor! Y?know what? I?m just gonna go and talk to Rachel myself.
No! No, come on let her sleep! She?s so exhausted.
What?  Oh my God! She-she thinks we?re engaged! Why? Why? Why would she think we?re engaged?!
Look. Look, my mom gave me that ring because she wanted me to propose to Rachel, but all I wanted to do is if she maybe?kinda?wanted ah?start?things up again.
Look, I didn?t want to rush into anything. And it seemed like she didn?t want to either. But I don?t, I don?t understand how any of this happened! What? Did she find the ring in my jacket, assume that I was going to propose, throw it on, and-and just start telling people?
Well I didn?t! I didn?t propose!  Unless uh?  Did I? I haven?t slept in forty hours and?it does sound like something I would do. Commercial Break
Listen, I um? I heard about the engagement.
And confused. Rach, sweetie, I-I um?I didn?t propose to you.
Poor baby, you?re so tired. Rach, I didn?t propose to you, Joey didn?t propose to you, and Chandler didn?t propose to you.
Hey, wait! Wait-wait-wait! Joey, did you propose to her?
But I-I was going to see if y?know, maybe you uh, start dating again but that?I mean that-that was all, Rach.
 I can?t believe you told her I was going to propose!
Hey, I?m not going to rush into anything!
Look, I-I know it?s not a proposal and I don?t know where you are, but with everything that?s been going on and with Emma and?I?ve been feeling?
Okay, well, that? Wow, okay, well, umm?then maybe, at least we can, we can talk about us again.
Well good, okay. I-I, kind of think y?know if we?if? You?re wearing the ring. 
When you thought Joey proposed did?did you say yes? Closing Credits
So you said yes to him, and you just had our baby?
So when I came in here to see if you wanted to maybe start things up again, you were engaged to my best friend.
Well, Chandler?s my oldest friend, but Joey?s my?No! Ah! 
 Okay I put most of the stuff away.
No I left the diapers at the hospital! There?s some in the bag but I?ll run out and get some more.
Please take your time, it?s an important decision. Not like, say, I know! deciding to marry someone, this is about a muffin.
Hey Gunther, can I get a couple of blueberry muffins to go? 
Okay let?s put aside that you  "accidentally" picked up my grandmothers ring and you  "accidentally" proposed to Rachel.
And I can even understand that you couldn?t tell Rachel, but why couldn?t you tell me, huh? You had all day to and you didn?t.
Why don?t we talk about this on the way to the hospital?
You know what, you can go, I just have to fill out some forms. 
Why, does it look like I?m having trouble with my misshapen claw? 
Actually I?m a palian? Dinosaurs is fine? the drawing is not.
Well, I thought so too, but then she said she?d marry you.
You know what, it?s, it?s better this way anyway. I mean I don?t know what I was thinking, going down that road again with us. It?s just much easier if we?re just friends who have a kid.
Yes. I mean, it?s what we always planned. And if you have a plan, you should stick to it. That?s why they call them plans. Hello?  I?m fine.
Ah I had a little thing with Joey, if you think this is bad you should see him.
Well, that?s what I?m here for.  Want me to get that?
Hey! So what's the big news you had us rush all the way over here for?
You can't go, I mean you're the glue that holds this group together!
I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee won't affect your milk.
Rach, you don't have to call whenever you have a little question, okay? Trust me, I know this.
Rachel, I can see you dialing! I don't understand why...
Rach, you can't call people at three in the morning.
Was there anything you did wrong with Emma?
Rach, I told you, you can't call him every time any little thing comes up.
Dr. Gettleman? Yeah I know, I don't think that's a good idea. In fact, I think he's dead.
Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not feeling all that well.
You know? Come to think of it, it does feel Rubella-like! 
You even have to ask?!    He is alive!
Why? Why? I know it's a little weird, but hey, he's a great doctor, okay? He knows my medical history, and every time I go in there, he makes a big deal. 'Ah look, it's my favorite patient!'
Hey, I seem to remember someone bringing his security blanket to college!
It didn't spend much time on the wall!!!
Excuse me, I don't mean to be a jerk, but the baby with the rash came in after me.
Yeah, that's how I know. I'm Ross by the way.
Well, let's say, I don't know, you met someone in the pediatrician's office.
Hmm, yeah.  Come on Ross jr. It's time to go in.
I got held up at Dr. Gettleman's office. There was some guy that freaked everybody out.
oh yea now um how is that going, is it getting serious?
you know I really admire your whole dating attitude, it's so healthy I'm always like is this moving to fast? Is this moving to slow? Where's this going?
but you, your so much better off you just go from guy to guy having fun and never worrying that it terns into anything serious.
I know and yet here you are all ready for the next date.
no, no, no there's nothing wrong with you I mean you don't strike me as the type of person that wants to get married anyway.
please don't cry because of me Pheebs I don't know what I'm talking about, I've been divorced three times.
do you have a compact in your purse?
now I feel terrible this is all my fault.
 Hey Mike sorry to just drop by like this, can I come in?
yeah I really, really need to talk to you about something.
oh no yeah, no Phoebe is great, but umm I'm an idiot look right before you guys went out I accidentally got her all upset.
yes, yeah I said something stupid about her never having had a serious relationship, but you should know she is so much fun, a wonderful person please don't blow her off.
well then I didn't need to bother you or the four other Mike Hanagen's I bothered.
of course she has. if she'd never had a serious relationship I'd go round broadcasting it like some unstoppable moron.
yes, yes I did. and I will also say what I'm about to say Vis-?-vis the following Phoebe has never had a serious relationship since her. super-serious relationship with. Vicrum.
YAY!  quick thing, I went to talk to Mike.
oh boy you got mad at that part. I went over there to tell him how great you are but you know me BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, and I ended up telling him that.
umm. that you had a six year long relationship with a guy named Vicrum.
well he seemed to bum hard that you'd never been in a serious relationship.
well Phoebe, I think you'll feel better when you know a little bit about Vicrum, His a Kite designer  and he used to date Oprah. 
Actually, um, I was thinking maybe both of us could go.
Thanks, I put a lot of extra thoughts on your gift.
Alright, we'll just, uh, see when you get here. Bye.  Huh, that was my mom, she's stuck in terrible traffic.
I know, it's the first time, we're leaving the baby and ... hey, I know how hard it is for you, but ... but Emma is gonna be fine. My mom is gonna be with her. She's great with kids.
Hey, you only heard Monica's side of that. That little fatso was a terror.
Rachel, I know that you can. And you should.
Really, it would be good for you and in fact, why don't you, why don't you go ahead to the restaurant and I will wait for my mom and then I'll meet you there.
No, no, really. You should go. Just go! Go! Go out! Really, the world is your oyster. Kick up the heels. Paint the town red. 
I'm serious. C'mon, you should go. Here.  No, uh-uh, just go.
No! No, you know what?  You  , the baby's fine, now squam . Yeah,  story walking. 
Oh,  holy moly are we in a pickle now.
Oh-oh, wait, my mother is gonna be here any minute. And she has the keys.
I would, but I bruise like a peach. Besides, y...you know, everything is gonna be fine. The baby's sleeping.
Can't hold her own head up, but yeah jumped.
Rach you did not leave the water running. Please, just pull yourself together, okay?
Oh my god, you know what, yeah, I think you're right. I think .. listen, listen!
A pigeon, a pigeon.  No, no wait, no-no, an eagle flew in. Landed on the stove and caught fire. The baby, seeing this, jumps across the apartment to the mighty bird's aid. The eagle, however, misconstrues as an act of aggression and grabs the baby on its talon. Meanwhile the faucet fills the apartment with water. Baby and bird still up lays  are locked in a death grip, swirling around the whirl pool, that fills the apartment.
Somehow over time it got easier to be apart from you.
And then Rachel wasn't sure she could leave the baby.
Okay, I'll have the fixed salad and the duck.
Rach, c'mon, Emma is fine. You're turning into an obsessive mother. Okay, you need to stop.
You know, I think that's a good idea--our babysitter just pounded in another Chardonnet.  Bye, y'guys.
God, you're amazing... I didn't even have to ask you to call me that.
Yeah, It's just... I don't think I can do this...
No, NO!  Look, I need to talk to Joey. I mean, you guys just broke up. Before anything more happens between us, I need to know he's okay with it.
Alright, I'm gonna go find them...  I just need a... need a before I can... you know.  Grandma... grandma... grandma...  Okay, I see you later.
Okay, uhm... Hey, you guys seen Joey anywhere?
Well, if you see him could you please tell him I'm looking for him?
Can I talk to you for a minute?
And then she told me that she and Joey had broken up, and that part of the reason was that she had feelings for me.
And you know I wanted to ask Charlie out since the day I met her.
Anyway, one thing lead to another, and... oh... before you know it, we were kissing. I mean, how angry do you think Joey is gonna be?
You know, I gotta go find him. He's gotta be here someplace.
Uh, no... no. I couldn't find him. I'm just gonna talk to him on the plane.
Uh, actually I think she went to the salon.
Ye... Yeah... Yeah... You got shellfish in your head.
You've never said that in your life, have you?
Oh, I uh, I mean, I... dude, I spent the whole conference with Charlie.
Right, I'm gonna go talk to Joey. I think this is the right time. He's always in a good mood after the flight attendant says "duty free".
Do you mind if I sit here for a sec.?
So, I uhm... kinda need to talk to you about Charlie.
Okay, last night after you guys broke up... so sorry to hear about that, by the way... Well, Charlie and I were talking, and..., well...
Wha...  What? What would give you that idea?
Yeah, we kissed, but... nothing else... nothing else happened, okay.
I am speachless... I mean the fact that you would put my happiness first like that. I mean, you're an incredible friend, you know that?
No, I mean it. You are so loyal man, and selfless, and generous...
You know what? I know Chandler longer, so I always think of him as my best friend, but now... I may have to rethink some stuff...
Hey, if there is ever, anything I can do for you...
Ah, yeah. We had a really good talk.
Oh, no, it's great. It's great. He is... He is an amazing guy.
Are you kidding? I have had some very dirty dreams about this...
 Hi... There she is. Hi Emma. Oh my God, I missed you.  Oh Emma, I missed you so much. Hey... Did you have a good time with grandma Green? Huh? Did she give you a bottle of anti-depressants again to use as a rattle? 
Ooh hey, Emma, daddy has some presents for you okay? Okay? I want you to wait right here. Come here sweetie.
Oh, it's all over everything. Why? Why me? 
Oh, not another one! Oh my G... And this is moisturiser. It's even harder to clean! Why? Why do bad things happen to good people?
But if I hadn't walked in here, would you..?
I'm not going nuts. Do you see me go nuts?
Hey, hey, hey... If you two are happy, then I'm happy for you.  I'm fine!
Absolutely.  I'm fine! Totally fine. I don't know why it's coming out all loud and squeaky, 'cause really,  I'm fine. I'm not saying I wasn't a little surprised to see you guys kissing. I mean, at first I was like..  But now that I've had time to absorb it; Lovin' this.
It's all working out! Me & Charlie, and you two. You know what we should do?
No. We should all have dinner. Yes, we'll do it tomorrow night. I'll cook!!
Weird? What? What's weird? The only thing weird would be if someone didn't like Mexican food, because I'm making fajitas!! 
I thought I heard voices! Hi Charlie!  Hi Joey.  And.. Oh! You're gonna have to introduce me to your new girlfriend.  I'm just kidding, I know Rachel, I know.  Come, please come in. Come in.
Oh! That is so thoughtful.  She's a keeper. And what did you bring me? 
Underwear, a toothbrush, and Van Halen CD. I can use all these things!!
What? Fine? Because I am! Aren't you? Aren't you? Aren't you? You see? Who else is fine?
You know what? That is a very good idea. I'm gonna go make a pitcher of Margaritas. 
The first batch of margaritas was not so great, but the second batch is gooooood.
Oh, guys, this is fun, isn't it? You know? Just the four of us. Just hangin'.
I'm fine! Hey, I'm great! I'm just.. I'm just proud of us. There's no weirdness, no tension.
We make a great foursome. We should do more stuff together. Ooh! Let's take a trip. Okay, where do you think we - we can go? 
Fajitas! Be careful, very hot plate, very hot plate!!
Everyone? I would like to make a toast to Rachel and Joey.
And to love. Ah, love. L-O-V-E, love. L is for life. And what is life without love?
O is for "oh, wow!" The V is for this very surprising turn of events, which I'm still fine with by the way. E is for how extremely normal I find it. That you two are together. And now one day you might get married and have children of your own. 
Wasn't it? And you thought it would be awkward with Joey and that you never really liked Rachel.
Okay, I guess it's just flan for three! Hey, hey, that rhymed!
Oh, oh. Of course. God, I'm so stupid. You guys are a couple now. I mean, you probably just want to be alone.
Hey, hey, it's fine. It's totally fine. We've got plenty of margaritas. It's all good. 
So you took off my pants and shoes?
Hey, what are you talking about? I'm fine!
Except we're not. I mean, we haven't been a couple in like, six years. Oh my god, is that right? Has it been that long?
This is crazy. I mean, six years? And because of me you guys aren't gonna be together? Can I ask you something? Really, what is this thing with you and Rachel?
Well, then, maybe it's time we all moved on.
No, but I wanna be. Hey, I will be. Besides, I'm with Charlie, right? Oh my god, I'm still with Charlie, aren't I? I mean, she didn't see the dance, did she?
I'm sorry, it's just... how did you get so tan?
 Why, why you do, like with the-the toe separators?
Still, I can't believe that's sprayed on... I mean, it looks really good. I wonder if I should get one!
So, do you get colours or just French tips?
Thanks.  Hey, I know where this place is! It used to be an X-rated video...  florist.  
Well... I like how you look, what are you?
Spray, count, pat, then turn, spray, count and pat.
One Mississipi, two Mississipi, Three Mis... WAIT! WAIT! I'm not-I've not finished counting!!  
No, I barely even got to three Mississippi.
Wait, wait a minute, there's no light on the back wall! How do I know when it's gonna start? Hello?  Ah, oh, ah!  Ah!  The same thing happened again!
I went to that tanning place your wife suggested.
I'm gonna stop you right there, Glenda. Okay? Does it look like this is my first time, huh? Now I want 4 two's... and I want them all on my back.
Wait a minute, there's two sets of nozzles, which one is it? 
Go away! I don't want to see anybody.
C'mon you guys, this is really important to us.
Yeah, we want everyone to be there. As much as I hate to delay your doing weird sex stuff to my little sister.
Hey, I brought the camera for Emma's video.
That's the hope! So, is Emma awake yet?
Hey, say something to Emma on her 18th birthday!
 There's something you didn't know about your dad!
Thank you so much for that gift! Chandler 
Uh, Rach? Does this bakery by any chance also bake erotic cakes? Say for bachelorette parties?
I am this close to tugging on my testicles again. Rachel 
Ask them if it would be faster if we cut the baby's face off the penis, so we can put it on the bunny. . That is a weird sentence!
Hey Mon, that was really nice of you to loan Rachel your car so she could go and get the cake.
Well, you know what? While we're waiting, you guys could tape your message to Emma for her 18th birthday, huh?  Ok!
You guys, just please.. a little bit longer. I promise, Rachel will be back with the cake any minute. Monica, remember.. the frosting? huh?
 Hello?  Oh no! What happened?  Ok ok, where are you? . Ok, I'll be right there. 
No, Rachel got pulled over for speeding. She forgot her licence so now I have to bring it to her.
No, wait ! You guys, no, no, you can't leave! Rachel already feels bad that the cake's messed up. How do you think she's gonna feel when she comes back here and all you guys are gone?
Joey! You're in charge, ok? You make sure nobody leaves! 
 I can't believe they gave you a ticket. You're such a good driver. 
Hey, maybe I can fix that, you know. Try to turn it into something else. 
Well, I just made these two things uhm... cheeks. And then I split this to make ears.
Some can sing, some can dance. I apparently can turn phallic cakes into woodland creatures. 
Joey, we just saw you come in. You ran past us on the stairs.
Oh my God! Our daughter's a genius! Rach, this means...
Damnit! I'll put a candle on the cake.
Okay, here we go! Emma's first birthday cake... Well hey... well, blow out the candle. Come on Emma.
 Oh...   Ohh... I'd love to but I really have to grade these papers.
Well, it had some good ideas, take off your shirt. 
 Ross? I... I grew up on your block! We had Thanksgiving together last year... I had a baby with your sister!
Hi Rachel! Here's your sister Amy! She thinks I need pec implants!
What do I know? I just sell Middle Eastern food from a cart!
Watch.  Here, you ehm... You highlight the word you want to change. Go under Tools and the Thesaurus generates... 'gives'... 'gives' a whole list of choices. You can pick the word that sounds smartest.
Absolutely! You'll love the feeling! There's nothing like it!
No, I can't. I have back-to-back classes. Did Molly say what she had? Because my throat's been hurting?
 Well, can I talk to you for a sec.?
Um, I do not want her baby-sitting our child.
Well, for one thing, she keeps calling her Ella!
 Okay, um... I don't want her watching our baby.
Hey Emma. Oh, why is she wearing her hat so low? She can barely see. .
 Hi!  What... . Please tell me those are clip-ons.
Did she  do this to her? I told you we shouldn't have left Emma with her!
 Amy, I ju... I just... I just wanna...
So, did he get on one knee, did he have a speech prepared, or  did he cry?  Yeah, big surprise, I like proposals!
Guess who's a finalist for a huge research grant! I'll give you a hint, he's looking right at you.
Oh, I'm so excited, I mean, apparently I beat out hundreds of other applicants, included five guys I went to graduate school with. Not that I'm keeping score or anything... five!
Well, ok, it's for 25 thousand dollars. And if I get it, I'll finally be able to complete my field research! And there will be an article about me in the "Paleontology Review"! Yeah! That'll be the first time my name is in there, without people raising serious questions about my work!
So, your ex-boyfriend is gonna determine if your new boyfriend gets this grant? Wow, your new boyfriend is screwed!
Ok, now, is there anything I can do to... you know, butter him up? Anything he really likes?
I can't believe I'm about to meet Benjamin Hobart. I've always thought of him as one of the people I'd invite to my fantasy dinner party. Do you think there's any chance he'll bring Christie Brinkley or C3PO?
Well, I... I am having a good hair day.
It's an honor to meet you. I can't tell you how long I've been an admirer of your work, I mean, that Nobel prize,  whoooo! I mean, I have to tell you that, you're one of the reasons I got into the field.
No, but, it's, you know, it's just a funny image, you know, the two of you, in this restaurant, with... tzz-zzz, mmm.
Ok well, I would like to do a dig in the painted desert.
See, there are still several areas that haven't been fully excavated.
Did you just say "break up with Charlie"?
Wha...? Wait, wait, wait, just a minute. None of my questions have anything to do with Paleontology.
Oh hi! Hello! Uh, have you come to ask me some more paleontology related questions? Uhm... your grandmother's nickname, perhaps?  Aunt Margaret's pants size?
No I didn't, and you want to know why? Because your ex-boyfriend is still in love with you.
Yeah. He wouldn't give me the grant, because I wouldn't give you up.
Really? Is it ethical to ask someone in a grant review, who was the voice of "Underdog"?
If you don't believe me, let's go talk to him, okay? I'm telling you, he didn't ask me one paleontological question.
Oh, I'm sorry, no. He did ask me one. Uhm... How do you spell Mboscodictiosaur?
I want you to tell her everything. About the deal you tried to make with me, about the crazy questions you... Wally Cox! That's the voice of Underdog!
No, no, no. Don't do that! I want you to look her in the eyes, and tell her the truth.
Sweetie, this conversation is starting to make me a little uncomfortable.
Okay, that's it. WE ARE SEEING OTHER PEOPLE! COMMERCIAL BREAK
There's no way around it Pheebs, you just gonna have to accept the fact that this is gonna cost you a lot of money.
Yeah, and I'm responsible for just like half of that.
I've got to say you guys, that's an incredible gesture!
No, no, no. The next time it's gonna be a Hawaii at sunset.  But maybe the time after that! Opening Credits
Oh, that's OK. I'm sure there are tons of other beautiful paleontologists out there.
There was one! She's it! All the rest look like they should live under a bridge!
Well, I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground!
Like I said I was thinking of taking Emma to the museum of knives and fire!
 And you made it through that? I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie!
Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy, ok? But the swings are perfectly safe, and besides Emma loves them. You know what, you should come with us and you'll see!
Space is filled with orbiting children.  Look, please, just come on, you know, when you'll see the look on Emma's face, I swear you won't regret it.
Good, you don't want to be one of those mothers who pass on their irrational fears on their children, do you?
Oh, yeah, that's the same, I am sure there are thirty different species of poisonous swings!
I promise you she's safe! No watch how much she loves this.
Ok!  See? Scared of swings, I bet you feel pretty silly  Ow!
SON OF A BITCH!   Oh relax! I didn't say the 'F' word! 
No! No, no, no, no, okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault and kind of that  kids fault. Who is still laughing. Nice.
No wait, okay, okay, I have an idea. I want you to get on the swing, okay? And you'll see that there's nothing to be afraid of.
Look, I just think you're an adult, okay? And you should get over your silly fears.
 This feels perfectly normal. Ok, get on the swing!
There you go! Good for you! And you know what, I'm actually getting used to this little guy. I don't really even feel him in here anymore.
 That doesn't sound like you... That's Monica talking!
Yeah, I'd probably enjoy it more if you didn't keep batting my hand away.
I know, I know! When I was here for Holidays on Ice  I was sitting so far away Michelle Kwan couldn't read my banner!
Oh, but it's a kind game! So we're a little late, you know, the girls will be there, let's stay just for one more goal.
You may want to lose the foam finger!
You won an adult Thanksgiving day spelling bee.
Let me see this...  Grand Supreme Little Darling, New York Division.
I can't believe this, she's our daughter! That you would treat her like some kind of showdog is inexcusable!
Ooh, we'll say that we were mugged! You can't get mad at someone who's been mugged!
I got mugged. And they stole my pocket.
 That would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have lying around.
Well, let's just go in there and face them.
Wha...? Oh sure, now they lock it, but when they're having sex on the couch, its
Come on you guys, we're sorry, alri...? Our subway broke down.
 FOR THE LOVE OF GOD TAKE IT OFF!! 
How are we gonna decide who gets this?
 I'm finding it really hard not to mess with him.
I'm just so happy you guys are finally getting a kid.
Hey you guys, I need some fashion advice.
Damnit! I have this date tomorrow night and I have to look cool!
Really? That would be great. I mean, I have to do something, she kinda teased me about how I dress.
You know, we should just go, I'm not gonna find anything here! This stuff is ridiculous! 
Rach, come on, I'm not gonna wear any of this!  Nothing silver. . Ok? Nothing with hair!  And nothing with padlocks on it! .
 Wow, this is really soft . Three hundred and fifty dollars?
Both logic and math are taking a serious hit today. Phoebe 
Actually this looks like pretty good! Yeah! Boys will be boys?
All right, that's it, I'm getting out of here.
Uh, actually these might look pretty good on me.
So, you're saying, uh, if I wear these pants I might be getting into hers?
 Yeah! Yeah! Rachel picked it out for me. She told me to trust her and you know what? I'm glad I did! I turned quite a few heads on my way over here.
Oh, I see, somebody is afraid of a little competition with the ladies?
You're just jealous because you couldn't pull this off. Yeah, now if you'll excuse me  I have a date.  See?  ALL eyes on ME!
Oh! You are gonna love it!  and I'm so glad, we're finally doing this.
Turns out this sweater is made for a woman.
Because it's soft... Hey, so how was your date?
Well, looks like it's just the two of us tonight, huh old buddy?
I don?t know. Phoebe, if one of us saw Mike with another woman would you want us to tell you?
 I know nothing! Mike?s a great guy, it was hypothetical!
Believe me, if I did see with someone, there?s no way I... 
We think Chandler might be having an affair.
 So you wanna buy a house in the 50's?
You know what, if you wanna look for a house, that's okay.
 It's ok, because they have to get it out of their system, okay , but you're going to realize, this is the only place, you wanna be. 
Yeah, I mean, if you moved there, you have to leave here. I mean, how can you leave this place?  
What was Monica?s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Correct. Rachel claims this is her favorite movie?
Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there? 
 Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl?s breast?
Joey had an imaginary childhood friend. His name was?
10 seconds, you need this or you lose the game.
Chandler!!! Chandler!!!  Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
 I thought you were my best friend, this is my sister! My best friend and my sister! I-I cannot believe this!
 My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this.  
You know, sometimes when I'm alone in my apartment, I look over here and you guys... are just having dinner or... watching TV or something, but... it makes me feel better. And now when I look over, who am I gonna see? The Gottliebs, the Yangs? They don't make me feel so good. 
Yeah. I'm sorry too. I'm even more sorry that that phone call didn't come before I told you about looking through the window.
Seriously you guys, what's going on? What are these for?
Things you find in the ocean,  You're gonna be on "Pyramid"!!
Oh, and Chandler and I have this stupid college alumni thing. I can't believe you get to meet Donny Osmond.
 "...and I'm a little bit rock 'n' roll"!
So weird to see all these people again... Oh my God, look, there's Geoffrey Cleric.
He was roommates with John Rosoff. He went out with Andrea Tamburino. She dumped him for Michael Skloff.
Hey, there's Missy Goldberg. You gotta remember her.
Hey, I hear she's single again, d'you think I should ask her out?
Hey. Hey, check out the flyers for the band. I made 'em on a Macintosh in the computer room!
Thanks to a little something called "Helvetica Bold 24 point"!
Yeah, yeah. You should come check us out. We're called "Way! No Way!".
Woha! Wait... What are we doing? What we have is too important to mess it up over some girl. I mean, we can get laid anytime we want.
Thank you.  All right, here I go. Hey, remember how scary it used to be going up to girls in college?
Oh, well, uh, this is gonna sound kinda silly, but, do you remember my roommate Chandler Bing?
It's been sixteen years but the air quotes still hurt.
That's ok. Uh, anyway, well he and I both really liked you a lot, uhm, but we didn't want anything to jeopardize our friendship, so we kinda made a pact, that neither of us could ask you out!
 You made out with Missy Goldberg. How could you do that, after you promised me? 
That doesn't matter! We're talking about the foundation of our friendship.
Listen Adrienne, you can't tell Chandler about this.
So, eh. I made out with Adrienne and you made out with Missy. Well I guess we're even.
Nineteen Eighty Seven. The weekend you guys visited me at school.
Because... the night you kissed Rachel was the night I kissed Rachel for the very first time.
Okay, after you told me she was passed out in our room, I went in there to make sure she was all right. She was lying on my bed, all buried in peoples coats. Well, I went to kiss her on the forehead, you know. But it was so dark, I accidentally got her lips. I started to pull away, but then I felt her start to kiss me back. It was only for a second, but... it was amazing. And now, now I find out that you kissed her first.
Oh,  hey, oh... I... I was-I was going for a hand shake.
Yeah, I thought we'd be groomsmen, but wouldn't they have asked us by now? When did they ask you to be their bridesmaid?
I can't believe we're gonna be the only people that aren't in this wedding.
And it's a wedding! It'd be weird if I'm not in it...
No, Mike, no, no. You wanna pick me, I mean... watch!  Huh?
 Well, if Phoebe's choosing, then say hello to Mike's next groomsman.
Is that what they say on the Figure Skating Team?
I have to talk to her about this groomsman situation, ok? I'm not gonna watch Chandler up there while I'm sitting in the seats like some chump! .  Oh! My God! You're breathtaking!
You haven't by any chance chosen a groomsman yet, have you?
I'm not! I'm making it easier! Pick me!
Listen, listen. Whoever you pick is gonna walk down the aisle with you! Now, I promise I won't say a word, but if you pick Chandler he's gonna be whispering stupid jokes in your ear the whole time!
 Good. I'm just getting some coffee. So I'm alert for the wedding.
Wait a minute, I know why I'm being such an ass, why are you?
Rachel, only one of us can do it, you have to choose. You and me together again. 
What? A dog? No! Rachel gets to choose. 
 Haha! Looks like you're not going to be in the wedding either.  So sorry Pheebs.
 I can't believe you guys aren't going to be able to get married today.
No, but Chandler, hello... Aren't you scared of dogs?
 Well, I guess I'm in the wedding then. Ha haaa...  He stinks!
Uhm, ministers don't ride the subway for free.
So unbelievable. She was supposed to meet me half an hour ago with Emma. 
 Oh, hi! Hi! Thanks for showing you up thirty minutes late!
No, no, no, I'm sure you have a great excuse, wh-was it a hair appointment, a mani-pedi or was there a sale at Barney's?
Ok, ok. I'm gonna come out to Long Island with you, I mean, you can't be alone right now.
I bet someone could use one of Monica's freshly baked cookies.
Rach, I think I'm gonna wait out here, because my throat is feeling a little scratchy, I don't want to infect him.
I'm not scared of him, I'm really sick!
He's unconscious, I think we'll be just fine! Rachel
Well, I came with Rachel, who should be back any second!  So what's new? Dr.
I was gonna make us some dinner but all I found in your dad's fridge was bacon and heavy cream.  I think we solved the mystery of the heart attack.
Just can't believe I'm in Rachel Green's room.
Yeah, sure, right! Like I've ever been in Rachel Green's room.
But we do!  It's gonna be ok, Rach!
They gave him a lot of medication, ok? He wouldn't even know if you were there. Look, we'll go see him first thing in the morning, ok?
No, God! Hey, Rach, you've been an amazing daughter, ok? Right now you just need to get some rest.
Ok, well, uh, I can maybe grab a sleeping bag, or... Oh, oh. . No, Rach! I'm sorry, I just don't think this, this, this is a good idea.
No, look, uh. You are upset about your father and you're feeling vulnerable and I just don't feel it would be right, I'd feel like I'd be, you know, taking advantage of you.
Look, I'm sure it would be great, but I-I think one of us has to be thinking clearly, so, I'm gonna go!
 Haven't had sex in four months, I should get a medal for that!
Hey Rach, can you grab me a cup of coffee?
You've been quiet all morning. Is everything okay?
 O-kay. Well, I'm gonna go grab us some breakfast. 
 Wait, wait,  You're mad at me about last night? I was just trying to do the right thing.
I can't believe this. I was just being a good guy. I treated you with respect and understanding.
I gotta say, I have not had sex a lot of times before, this is the worst ever.
Hey you know what? You know what? To avoid this little thing in the future, let's just say, you and me, never having sex again.
That's right, sex is off the table.  I am never having sex with you again.  Dr. Green, are you feeling better? 
So uh... I guess I wanna take off.
Damn it. It's never off the table.  COMMERCIAL BREAK
Oh, well, er, I already ate, but sure...!  Guess what happened at work today...
Try sixty-five million years ago, and then try sssshhhhhh.... My tenure review board met today and I hear it's looking really good.
Yeah. Do you have any idea what this means in academic circles, uh? I am gonna get laid.
Hey! Wha-hoo! What's this?  Well it's a, it's a bottle of champagne. Why is this here?
I guess it's here because I GOT TENURE! All 
This is the single greatest day of my professional career. Gunther, six glasses!
Oh, I thought Joey was here. Five is good.  Well, I'm gonna have a loogie in my coffee tomorrow.
I got tenure. I didn't win the lottery... Hey Rach, so uh... how did your thing go?
Oh, you know what? You're gonna get it. I-I-I-I can feel it.
And-and to years of hard work finally paying off.
You know what the best part about this is? I can never be fired.
No seriously. I have job security for life. You know, I never have to worry.  Oh, look at you. Look how happy you are for me.
  I'm sorry, it's almost as if this wasn't built for a quick getaway! 
Uh, you know, you can't always get a seat on the subway, so... 
See? I told you something good would come along. And he seemed really nice. I've met him before?
No, no, NO, you cannot go to dinner with him.
Oh yeah, I'm sure he's gonna give you a job. Maybe make you his SEXretary.
I'm serious. I just don't trust that guy, okay?
That guy Mark. From Bloomingdale's... She thinks he's just being nice to her. But I know he really wants to sleep with her.
We ran into him on the street today and he said he might have a job for her. But I know he just wants to get into her pants.
 Oh yeah? Yeah? I wonder why? What could that smarmy letch possibly want?
Can we, can we just stop for a second? Who said something better would come along, huh? You didn't believe me. I told you everything was gonna work out.  You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest.
 You know what? This calls for a bottle of Israels finest.
So if you take this job you'll be moving to Paris?
Yeah, yeah!  You sure this is what you want?
Well, Rachel moving to another country? Not being able to see her every day. How can I be okay with this?
Do you think if the Ralph Lauren people offered her her old job back, she would take it?
I don't know. I could talk to her boss. Yeah! I met him at that Christmas party. We really hit it off.
I didn't say we were brothers. OPENING CREDITS
Yeah, I'm a friend of Rachel Green's. Uhm, actually we met at the Christmas party about two years ago. Mr
Uhm, well... I'm here to see if you'll give Rachel her job back. Mr
Oh, no. At first I have to get you to agree. Then we'll see if she wants to come back. Mr
Look, she loved her job here. And let's face
I see... Thanks very much.  Is this your son? Mr
Oh, nothing, it's just, it's close to Ron. Does he.. Does little Ross like dinosaurs by any chance? Mr
How would he like to come with me to the Museum of Natural History after everyone else has left, just the two of us, and he can touch anything he wants. . I just heard it as you must have heard it and that's not good. Let me start again. I'm a paleontologist, you'll be there with us and the touching refers only to bones? fossils! Mr
You let Rachel come back, and it's done. Mr
Yeah! Yes! Thank you! This is great. Thank you so much. And I swear, your kid is going to have the time of his life. Mr
Emma left her stuffed t-rex at my house. You know she can't sleep without it.
 It's me. Ron.  Look, I um, I now Rachel turned you down but I think there is a way you might be able to get her to come back. Mr
Just hear me out. How would you feel about offering her a raise?  Mr
Perhaps I can persuade you. What if you can give your son this  genuine pterodactyl egg  replica. Mr
Oh,  Believe me, the ladies, they love it! Mr
That's great! So you're staying in New York!
Uhm, I hadn't no you... I had no idea you were so excited about Paris. Uhm, I mean, you said you were scared.
Hey Erica, welcome back to town!  Wow, look how big you've gotten.
She brought them up!  I didn't realize you were coming back so soon!
Hotel? Why isn't she staying with you guys?
Erica, those things aren't free. In fact they have one of the highest mark-ups of any consumer product...
Oh man, I can't believe you guys are leaving this place.
No, no. This will always be your place. It would be too sad. Plus, how much a month does it cost to feed Joey?
Hey, is Chandler here? We talked about catching a movie.
You got it! . All right, she's right, we gotta get serious.  Let's put styrofoam peanuts down his pants and kick him!
Chandler, you don't have a sister so you can't understand how much this bums me out.
Oh, man! I can't believe she's actually leaving. How am I gonna say goodbye to Rachel?
Hey, what do you think they're doing in there?
Oh, man, I'm not going to be able to handle this.  Now I know how my students feel at the end of each year. And why they act out by giving me such bad evaluations.
 Oh no, she took down Monica... And I'm the crier in the family. Oh God! I could be next. Maybe she won't talk with me if it looks like we're deep in converstation. Oh, so that thing you said about the thing. It really made me think about that other thing.
Well it's okay. Chandler is talking to her.
God! I can't believe she saved me for last.  Why are they taking so long?
Unbelievable. She says goodbye to everyone but me.
 O-kay... I mean, don't I deserve anything? I mean, a few tears, a cursory hug?  NOT FROM YOU! 
 Everyone gets a goodbye but me? What have I got to do to get a goodbye, huh? Be best friends with you? Uh, go out with you? Have a baby with you? Oh wait a minute, wait a minute, I did all those things.
Oh no, maybe it's me, I'm just not giving you enough credit. Uh, I mean it is difficult to say goodbye to five people. Uh, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye, good...  IT'S PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE. You know what? After all we've been through, I can't believe this is how you want to leave things between us. Have a, have a good time in Paris. 
