It’s a Stephen Hawking lecture from MIT in 1974.
It’s before he became a creepy computer voice:.
Hang on, there really is a lady here?
And you want us out because you’re anticipating coitus?
Enchante Madamoiselle. Howard Wolowitz, Cal-Tech department of Applied Physics. You may be familiar with some of my work, it’s currently orbiting Jupiter’s largest moon taking high-resolution digital photographs.
It’s French for good shower. It’s a sentiment I can express in six languages.
Oh, he speaks English, he just can’t speak to women.
This is one of my favourite places to kick back after a quest, they have a great house ale.
Yeah, I’ve had him since level ten. His name is Buttons. Anyway, if you had your own game character we could hang out, maybe go on a quest.
Turn left on Lake Street and head up to Colorado. I know a wonderful little sushi bar that has karaoke.
Wait a minute, Farminfarmian is speaking and you’re Bogarding the symposium.
No, it’s okay, it’s your Millenium Falcon, you and Chewbacca do whatever you want to do. Me and Princess Leia here will find some other way to spend the evening.
I know it’s the phone, Ma, I hear the phone.
How can I ask them when I’m talking to you! (Into phone) Hello.
For God’s sake, Ma, I’m twenty six years old.
Then call your own mother. (To Leonard) It was Sheldon.
It’s my own fault, I forgot the protocol we put in place after the great ear infection of ’06.
Stand by. Ma, can my friends come over?
That’s a negatory. But there’s a Planet of the Apes marathon at the New Art today.
Take your stinking paws off my popcorn you damn dirty ape.
Unless Sheldon’s there, in which case you’ll be trapped forever in his whiny hyper neurotic snot-web.
It’s all right, wireless mini-cam and Bluetooth headset. We’ll be your eyes.
One more thing. This is a subsonic impact sensor. If Sheldon gets out of bed and starts to walk, this device will register it and send a signal to the laptop. At that point, based on the geography of the apartment and the ambulatory speed of a sick Sheldon, you’ll have seven seconds to get out, glasses or no glasses.
No, you’ll be on your hands and knees. Now you’ll need to get the sensor as close as you can to Sheldon’s room.
You don’t stay go straight when you’re giving bearings, you say keep true.
Because you didn’t keep true. (Time shift, Leonard is now outside bedrooms) Okay, turn right.
Angle your head to the right. A little more. A little more. (Leonard now has his head at right angles to his body) That’s it, now just keep true. Alright, you’re close enough to Sheldon’s room, deploy the sensor. Now turn it on.
Good. From this point forward you will have to crawl.
Hang on, the sensor’s picking up something, turn your head back. (Camera angle shows a pair of female legs.)
Hey, I’m damaged too. How about a hug for Howie?
You know, Sheldon, you don’t have so many friends that you can afford to start insulting them.
I’ve been at this lab for three years, you’ve never came by to say hello.
A small payload support structure for a European science experimental package that’s going up on the next space shuttle.
When this is done, it will be attached to the payload bay, and the sensor apparatus will rest on it.
No, you don’t understand, during acceleration it needs to stay perfectly level and provide… yeah, okay, it’s a shelf.
Sheldon, there’s a diploma in my office that says I have a masters in engineering.
No, I thought of it all by myself.
Something’s got to be done about him, Leonard.
We don’t have to go that far, there are other means available.
The only thing we need to do is make this Kim kid lose his focus.
You know, biology? The one thing that can completely derail a world class mind.
Yeah, so, when I was fifteen I met Denise Polmerry and my grade point average fell from a 5.0 to a 1.8.
No, I just wasted a lot of time thinking about what it would be like if she did.
We need a hot fifteen year-old Asian girl with a thing for smart guys.
All he has to do now is hook up with one of them. (The look at Dennis, who is picking his ear.)
I don’t think you mean we can’t. I think you mean we shouldn’t.
Uh-uh. I know the type, cheerleader, student council, goes out with jocks, won’t even look at anybody in the gifted programme. And if, after two years of begging, she does agree to go out with you, it turns out to be a set-up and you’re in the back seat of your mom’s car with your pants off while the whole football team laughs at you.
Interesting, kind of pretty, a little chubby so probably low self-esteem.
Oh no, she’ll never go for the kid once she gets a peek at this.
I guess times have changed since we were young. Smart is the new sexy.
Unbelievable. Components I built are on the International Space Station, and I get a ticket for launching a model rocket in the park.
Ooh, more details about the new Star Trek film. There’s going to be a scene depicting Spock’s birth.
Maybe they had to go to a clinic. Imagine Spock’s dad in a little room with a copy of pointy ears and shapely rears.
Gentlemen, switching to local nerd news. Fishman, Chen, Chowdry, McNair aren’t fielding a team in the university physics bowl this year.
They formed a barbershop quartet, and got a gig playing Knotsbury Farm.
How about the perpetual motion squad? It’s beyond the laws of physics, plus a little heads up for the ladies.
Perpetual motion squad, we can go all night.
Don’t you think I should answer the engineering questions? I am an engineer.
Some of us might have the correct answers too.
He compared Sheldon to a disposable feminine cleansing product one might use on a summer’s eve.
So who’d he get to be on his team.
That sounds more like, we are a tall thin woman who wants to make a coat out of your Dalmatians.
Okay, we’re going to need a strong fourth for our team.
Gentlemen, I believe I’ve found the solution to all our problems.
Sometimes you’ve got to take one for the team.
Well, we tried. Just have to face Sheldon mano-e-mano-e-mano. A-mano.
All night long, y’all! (Stands and turns round to reveal the back of the tee-shirt which reads “We Can Go All Night”.)
760 degrees celsius, the approximate temperature of the young lady in the front row.
It looks like something they found on the ship at Roswell.
A time machine from the movie The Time Machine?
Don’t worry, the way these things work there’s people waiting ‘til the last second to bid, and then they swoop in and get it, it’s called sniping.
Why don’t we share it? We’ll each put in two hundred bucks and we’ll take turns having it in our homes.
It’s actually a tremendous bargain, even with shipping it works out to less than four dollars a pound.
If we take the dish off it might fit in the elevator.
Not necessary, I have a masters in engineering, I remotely repair satellites on a regular basis. I troubleshoot space shuttle payloads. When the Mars rover started pulling to the left I performed a front end alignment from 62 million miles away. (Presses lift button. Nothing happens.) No, that baby’s broken.
You can’t just keep it here, what if I meet a girl and say, “you wanna come up and see my time machine, it’s at my friends house,” how lame is that?
I was going to put down a towel.
Good choice, Alexander Graham Bell invents the telephone and calls out for Dr Watson.
And even if you can make it to Boston, what are you going to do, knock on the door and say to Mrs Bell, “hey Mrs Bell, big fan of your husband, can I come in and watch him invent the telephone?”
Lox and bagels, the breakfast of time travellers.
Screw his balcony, I’ll give you a hundred and twenty and we’ll put it in my garage.
You can’t do that, look what you’ve created here, it’s like nerdvana.
Hang on, I need that to complete my Justice Society of America collection.
Okay man, be cool, we’re all friends here.
Don’t think so. I followed her here from the parking lot.
I know, I’m disgusting, I should be punished. By her, oh look, I did it again.
Sorry I’m late, I’m working on a project that may take me up on the next space shuttle.
Nobody ever expects me, sometimes you just look and… BAM! (shakes girl’s hand) Howard Wolowitz.
Well, I think you’re delightfully droll. Or as the French say, Tres Drole.
Was it perhaps destiny, I think it was destiny.
I’ll walk you to your car. You’re in structure 3 level C, right?
Do you like motorcycles, ‘cos I ride a hog.
Yeah, well my people invented circumcision. You’re welcome!
I’m a fancy Indian man, we invented pajamas!
I’m warning you, I was judo champion at math camp.
Wait a minute. Leonard made you aware of that?
Is it ‘cause I’m Jewish, ‘cause I’d kill my Rabbi with a porkchop to be with your sister.
I’m fine, thanks for asking. I’ve come to call on Missy.
Then you are in for a treat. Behold, an ordinary cane. (Taps against doorpost. While humming he tries to perform a trick, but the cane falls in half with a yellow handkerchief flying out. Howard has to retrieve the pieces.) Da-dah! (Emerges with the handkerchief, on which are written the words “will you go out with me?”)
Okay. (Does something with hands, from which another yellow handkerchief emerges. This one reads “are you sure?” Missy closes the door.)
It combines the physical strength of arm wrestling with the mental agility of tetris into the ultimate sport.
Well I love birthdays, waking up to Mom’s special French Toast breakfast, wearing the birthday king crown, playing laser tag with all my friends.
You think? Go ahead, tell her about your senior prom.
I suppose that’s possible, but for the record, I’ve never had a threesome and yet I still know I want one.
Fine. If I do have a threesome, you can’t be part of it. I’m just kidding, yes you can. Can you bring a friend?
Well, Raj got him an awesome limited edition Dark Knight sculpture based on Alex Ross’s definitive Batman, and I got him this amazing autographed copy of the Feynman lectures on physics.
Okay, well, he might like that, I’ve seen him… chilly.
Try telling him it’s a non-optional social convention.
So, listen, the New Art is showing the revised definitive cut of Blade Runner.
No, you’ve seen the 25th anniversary final cut. This one has eight seconds of previously unseen footage. They say it completely changes the tone of the film.
Come on, afterwards there’s a Q & A with Harrison Ford’s body double.
Don’t yell at me, I’ve got to go to the emergency room.
No, after my tongue has swollen to the size of a brisket.
Oh God, oh God, oh God, oh…. (into phone after Leonard leaves room) The laundry is out of the hamper. (Looks exasperated) Okay Sheldon, what was it supposed to be? Fine, it’s out of the washer. I’ll call you when it’s in the dryer.
No, listen, see we’re throwing my friend a surprise party and I’m supposed to keep him out of his apartment for two hours.
No, see, the only way I could get him to leave is to tell him I ate a peanut. Because I’m allergic to peanuts.
Look, all I need from you is to take me in the back and give me a band-aid so I can pretend I had a shot of epinephrine and they you tell my friend you need to keep me under observation for about an hour, hour and a half.
Okay, I get it, I know how the world works, how about if I were to introduce you (holding up a five dollar bill) to the man who freed your people.
Becauth (pretends tongue has swollen up) Becauth-th-th. Brissket, Brissket! Water, need water.
Okay, you have to understand something, we’re in a hospital right now.
Leonard’s fine. I’m fine, thanks for asking, by the way.
Look, I’ve done my best but he wants to go home and I don’t know how to stop him.
Thy will be done. (Thinks. Reaches into back pocket, finds the half a granola bar from earlier. Looks down.) I’m doing this for you, little buddy. (Takes a bite.)
I really don’t think the colonoscopy was necessary.
Oh, right, it’s your birthday, I had no idea it was your birthday, I completely forgot, wow, what a lousy way to spend a birthday, well it’s all over now.
No, it’s Wo de ming zi shi Sheldon. (Makes a hand movement with every syllable.)
You know, I’m really glad you decided to learn Mandarin.
Once you’re fluent you’ll have a billion more people to annoy instead of me.
Not now, I have a blog to find.
It’s smashed beyond repair, what are you going to do with it?
Apparently he posted intimate details of their physical relationship on his blog, which I cannot find anywhere.
Good idea. Sit with her, hold her, comfort her, and if the moment feels right, see if you can cop a feel.
Remember to sit on your hands a bit so they’re warm.
What, so you’re saying that if in the depths of despair she throws herself at you and demands you take her, right there, right now, you’ll just walk away?
For God’s sake, Sheldon, if you don’t like the tangerine chicken, don’t order the tangerine chicken.
Boy, that story gets better every time you hear it.
Haven’t you ever been told how beautiful you are in flawless Russian?
He can’t talk to attractive women, or in your case a cheesecake–scented Goddess!
Yeah, and you don’t have a problem with that, how does he fly at night.
She hugged you? How did she hug you? (Raj hugs Howard.) Is that her perfume I smell?
These instructions are a pictographic representation of the least imaginative way to assemble these components. This right here is why Sweden has no space program.
How about liquid coolant? Maybe a little aquarium pump here, run some quarter inch PVC…
Hold on, honey, men at work. The PVC comes down here, maybe a little corrugated sheet metal as a radiator here.
Perfect, Leonard, why don’t you and Sheldon go down to the junk yard and pick up about six square metres of scrap aluminium, Raj and I will run down to my lab and get the oxy-acetaline torch.
Alright, just a few more feet, and…. here we are gentlemen, the Gates of Elzebub.
Stay frosty, there’s a horde of armed goblins on the other side of that gate guarding the Sword of Azeroth.
Don’t just stand there, slash and move, slash and move.
Sheldon, he’s got Raj, use your sleath spell. Sheldon! Sheldon!
Stealing snail mail, very old school, I like it.
Kissing, what kind of kissing? Cheeks? Lips? Chaste? French?
I disagree, love is not a sprint, it’s a marathon. A relentless pursuit that only ends when she falls into your arms. Or hits you with the pepper spray.
I don’t know, you guys work in the same lab.
There are pitfalls, trust me, I know. When it comes to sexual harassment law I’m… a bit of a self-taught expert.
Sheldon, if you were a robot, and I knew and you didn’t, would you want me to tell you?
Maybe, although the history of science-fiction is not on your side.
That’s true. Have you ever harmed a human being, or through inaction allowed a human being to come to harm?
Have you ever harmed yourself, or allowed yourself to be harmed except in cases where a human being would have been endangered?
Well, as usual, Wolowitz has the solution. I happen to know a place where there are plenty of eligible women, and Leonard could have his pick.
Hey, what up, science bitches? May I introduce my special lady friend, Summer. (Puts arm around her.)
Excuse me for being so bold, but I now see where Sheldon gets his smouldering good looks.
Not so fast, remember the South still has two infantry divisions, plus Superman and Godzilla.
Hang on, honey. Shiva and Ganesh? The Hindu Gods against the entire Union army?
What do you recommend for someone who worked up a man-sized appetite from a morning of weight training and cardio-funk?
And walks in quiet beauty like the night.
If you’re into music, I happen to be a human beatbox.
How can she take your order when you’re too neurotic to talk to her.
The blogosphere is a-buzzing with news of you and Lesley Winkle making eine kleine bang-bang music.
Yes, but you don’t have to lose to Kyle Bernstein’s Bar-Mitzvah party.
I shot you for good reason, you were leading us into disaster.
No, no, no, it’s a boy-girl party, this Flash runs solo.
Just a heads up fellas, if anyone gets lucky I’ve got a dozen condoms in my quiver.
What, are all the girls in the bathroom?
I’m Peter Pan! And I’ve got a handful of pixie dust with your name on it.
No thanks, peanuts, I can’t afford to swell up in these tights.
Hey guys, check out the sexy nurse. I believe it’s time for me to turn my head and cough.
I’m going to use the mirror technique. She brushes her hair back, I brush my hair back, she shrugs, I shrug, subconsciously she’s thinking we’re in sync, we belong together.
You know, psychology journals, internet research, and there’s this great show on VH1 about how to pick up girls.
If that’s a working stethoscope, maybe you’d like to hear my heart skip a beat.
No, seriously, you can, I have transient idiopathic arrhythmia.
He’s not the Marvel comic story, he’s the original Norse God.
I’m supposed to give him a ride home.
Watch this, it’s really cool. Call Leonard Hofstadter.
If we’re having anchovies on the pizza we can’t take it out of bathroom time. (There is a knock on the door.)
See a Penny, pick her up, and all the day you’ll have good luck.
Well, is she doing it one thong at a time, or does she just throw it all in, like some sort of erotic bouillabaisse.
In the shower. Oh, by the way, where did you get that loofah mitt, yours reaches places that mine just won’t.
More precisely we used your loofah. I exfoliated her brains out!
Ah, well then we’ll probably need to talk about your stuffed bear collection.
Let me offer a little outside the box thinking here, why doesn’t Christie stay with me.
I do not, my mother lives with me.
So, what do you say, you wanna repair to Castle Wolowitz?
I’m sorry, I should have mentioned this earlier, my last name is Wolowitz.
When they perfect human cloning I’m going to order twelve of those.
Who cares, last night she pulled off her blouse and I wept!
Yay! If you’ll excuse me, I have some Bar-Mizvah bonds to cash.
Sheldon, you got him in your sights, fire, he’s charging his plasma rifle.
Son of a bitch, medpack, I need a medpack!
Noticed the eye patch, did you? It’s all part of a technique I’ve been studying for picking up women. You employ a visual display designed to make yourself distinctive and memorable.
Mock me if you will, but it works. You show up at a club in something distinctive, scope out your target and toss out some negs.
A neg is a negative compliment that throws a pretty woman off her game, like “Normally, I’m not turned on by big teeth, but on you, they work.” I’ve got a whole list of ’em. Who wants to be my wingman?
Step one, she notices the eye patch. May I say, Penny, not a lot of women could look as hot as you do with such greasy hair? (She reaches out, pulls his eye patch away from his face, then lets go allowing the elastic to spring it back into place.)
I got the Mars Rover stuck in a ditch.
On a dusty highway just outside Bakersfield. Where do you think? On Mars!
Yeah, I picked her up in the bar. She’s a doctor. One free barium enema and my mother won’t care she’s not Jewish.
No, there were three other guys with eye patches, iIt was a fiasco. What did work was, “How’d you like to visit a secret government facility?”
I need you and Raj to help me get the Rover out of the ditch, and I need you to get Stephanie out before somebody notices she’s here. She doesn’t exactly have clearance.
Yes, I was bad. Maybe she’ll spank me. Can we please move on?
Yeah. No. I’m sorry, but something’s come up. Kind of a Mars Rover, Mars Rover, can Howard come over, situation. So my friend Leonard is gonna take you home.
Hang on, there’s got to be other options.
OK, I guess we have to turn to Plan B.
Erase all the hard drives, scrap the surveillance tapes, wipe our fingerprints off every surface and run.
Well, that does sound like me, but no.
Oh, if it isn’t Mrs. Dead to Me.
So, anyway, Lisa, I just wanted to tell you again how much I enjoyed the other night, and again, I’m sorry for how it ended. But again, if you could let me know about Friday. My mother needs a head count so she can know how big a brisket to get.
Gentlemen, I am now about to send a signal from this laptop through our local ISP, racing down fibre-optic cable at the speed of light to San Francisco, bouncing off a satellite in geosynchronous orbit to Lisbon, Portugal, where the data packets will be handed off to submerged transatlantic cables terminating in Halifax, Nova-Scotia, and transferred across the continent via microwave relays back to our ISP and the X10 receiver attached to this (clicks mouse, lamp switches on) lamp. (The others cheer and clap).
No problem, turning it down. (Using mouse again) San Francisco, Lisbon, Halifax (the music gets quieter) et voila.
Public access enabled. (They all stare around for a moment in silence.)
The monster truck is out of Austin, Texas, and the blue Viper is being operated from suburban Tel Aviv.
I’m with you. I just have to make sure if I’m a synthetic human I’d still be Jewish. I promised my mother.
I don’t know, Sheldon, those topical conferences on Bowes-Einstein condensates parties are legendary.
I’ve got one, hey Leonard, your mamma’s research methodology is so flawed….
I just checked the house, there’s probably twenty, twenty-five people in there.
It’s okay, just open with a joke, you’ll be fine.
That would be me. Hey, check it out, it’s a featured video. (The watch).
You should thank us. When future generations try to determine why your relationship with Penny crashed and burned, this right here is the black box.
No, it’s like “this fish tastes bad, so I’m going to slow down and spit it out.”
Oh really, did you make a second date.
Think back, Leonard, the littlest things can set women off. Like, hey, the waitress is hot, I bet we could get her to come home with us. Or, how much does your mom weigh, I want to know what I’m getting into.
Let’s go to the tape. Look at her reaction to the goodnight kiss, no change in respiration, pupils un-dilated, no flushing of the chest.
And some of those skinless chicks were hot.
That’s kind of an overreaction to a little harmless necrophilia.
Did you buy generic ketchup, forget to rinse the sink, talk to him through the bathroom door?
Shouldn’t you have put him in a brown paper bag and set him on fire?
Maybe you’d be happier on a park bench?
For God’s sake, ma, I’m 27 years old. It’s not even a school night! (To Sheldon) Comfy now?
Koothrappali dumped him on me, and he couldn’t get to sleep, so I gave him a glass of warm milk with a handful of my mom’s valium in it. But he still wouldn’t shut up, so, tag, you’re it.
What if he gets something Kryptonian on it?
Okay, he’s invited for dinner in the Bottle City of Kandor. He miniaturizes himself, enters the city where he loses his superpowers. Now, before dinner, his host says, “who’s up for a little Kryptonian tetherball?” Superman says “sure,” works up a sweat, comes back to Earth, his uniform now stained with indestructible Kryptonian perspiration.
Hey, isn’t that the guy who won the MacArthur genius grant last year? No, not all at once.
Doesn’t do anything for me. If I was gonna go that way, I’m more of a Zac Ephron kinda guy.
There are always do-overs when my people play sports.
Ooh, “Dave.” Sounds like Leonard’s got a new BFF.
Gather round, kids, it’s time for Sheldon’s beloved Christmas special.
And that, Charlie Brown, is what boredom is all about.
Don’t feel bad, Penny, it’s a classic rookie mistake. My first Hanukkah with Sheldon, he yelled at me for eight nights.
You’re kidding. You’ve got lotions and bath oils and soaps, that’s the estrogen hat trick.
Come on, bath stuff, it’s perfect! You got a scented candle, a cleansing buff, spearmint and green tea scented bath oil, promotes relaxation.
See? Sounds just like you and Penny. We’ll take it.
Why couldn’t you have just done what Leonard did and get Penny a new boyfriend?
All right, that’s the last servo. Behold the Mobile Omnidirectional Neutralization and Termination Eradicator. Or…
Featuring one articulated razor-sharp killing saw, one polycarbonate grinding and flipping wheel, steel armour plate exoskeleton top and bottom, and enough horsepower to drive a 110 pounds of mechanized death from zero to holy crap in 4.8 seconds.
Oh yeah, they still got the full Monte.
It’s a big deal. There’s an awards banquet and a dance afterward. Perhaps you’d like to come with me. I know the other fellas would be really excited to see a girl there.
Well, that may be a slight exaggeration. You’d be the only doable girl.
Please, Leonard, not now. Once again, Penny and I have begun our little tango.
The carnal repartee, the erotic to and fro. But as delicious as the appetizer might be, at some point we will have to succumb and eat the entree while it’s still… hot.
Wait a minute. This isn’t flirting, you’re serious.
I’m going home to live my creepy, pathetic life.
I don’t go to school, Ma. I work at a university.
I don’t have homework. I’m a grown man with a master’s degree in engineering!
People move away from her on the bus. What do you want?
Hey, I’m a big boy. I’m not traumatized by some random comment from some random woman. I mean, get over yourself.
And then, when I was 14, I met Marcy Grossman. She was so beautiful. She just got her braces off but they left a little of the overbite. It was so hot, like a sexy little chipmunk. I didn’t have the courage to ask her out, but I dedicated a song to her at the ninth grade talent show.
Marcy Grossman is sunshine, on a cloudy day, when it’s cold outside, Marcy Grossman is the month of May…
I guess you’d say, what can make me feel this way, Marcy Grossman, Marcy Grossman, Marcy Grossman, Talkin’ ’bout Marcy…
And then she came up with that sexy little chipmunk mouth and spit in my hair. Which brings us to tenth grade.
Look at me. What chance do I have if I don’t try too hard?
Yes, I slipped and fell. In the bathroom. Bounced right off the tub.
Yeah. They sucker punch you when your eyes are closed.
Oh, no. A little electrical tape, some solder. Are you insane? I’ve seen space probes that crashed into the desert that were in better shape than this.
Well, don’t get the wrong idea. The way I see it, I’m halfway to pity sex.
I’m not sure yet. You know, George Clooney has one now!
Oh, you’d think a guy like that would have some kind of booze lackey.
C’mon, don’t let him get to you. It’s Kripke.
That’s why he eats by himself, instead of sitting here at the cool table.
Hear him out. If he’s really on to something, we can open a booth at Comic-Con, make a fortune.
Have you thought about putting him in a crate while you’re out of the apartment?
Okay. 1, 2, 1, 2, 3 and… (Leonard, Howard and Raj whistle “Sweet Georgia Brown” together)
Oh come on. What do I have to do?
You gotta give him credit for sticking with it.
There are too many variables. It would take forever.
Wow. I don’t see how we missed that.
Okay, I guess we only have one option.
It’s getting tougher and tougher to be a bad Jew.
He was just wondering if he wore skintight jeans and a tank top if he’d get his shrimp lo mein for free.
He has a nervous bladder when he’s stressed out. Kind of like a puppy.
Ugh. This mu-shu pork’s burning a hole through my duodenum.
Hey, do I mock you with the Bhagavad-Gita every time you scarf down a Whopper?
You want the Valley of Fire? It’s right here.
Leonard, wait. Take a jacket, it’s spritzing a little.
Yes. Koothrappali’s going to wet himself, I’m gonna throw up, Sheldon’s gonna run away, and you’re going to die. Shall we synchronize our watches?
Penny, come on, we were just finding our sound.
So, Dr. Hofstadter, Leonard rarely talks about his incredibly successful brother and sister.
I understand that unlike Leonard, they’re at the top of their respective fields.
You know the rules. You brought your mom to work, you must suffer.
Oh, meesa think yousa lookin’ so so sad.
Next time, don’t yousa bring mama to work. Okee-day?
Say what? (Raj whispers in his ear) That’s basically what I just said.
Just for the record, we’re not in an ersatz homosexual relationship.
I told you my mom has spider veins, I had to take her to the laser clinic.
No go. The Dumpsters are deep in Astronomy Department territory.
Why don’t I run away and you cover me?
I had to take her! It’s almost bathing suit weather!(Another player bursts through the door)
Ah, they left me here to die. What about yours?
Well, we’re surrounded, so I guess there’s nothing for us to do but wait to be captured or killed.
All the while knowing that there’s a paint pellet out there with your name on it.
I agree. How exactly do we do that? (Leslie kisses him)
Oh, uh, no big deal. They gave Leslie control of some unrestricted grant money.
Okay, I didn’t want to say anything ’cause I know you and Leslie have a little history.
Great, ’cause I’ve been dying to say something.
Court-martial, schmort-martial, Leslie Winkle is the fifth girl I’ve ever had sex with. I mean, for free.
Okay, one way to look at this is that I’m getting new equipment, and you’re not, and that’s unfair. But a better way to look at this is that I’m getting sex and you’re not, and that’s delightful.
Well, it’s partly you, partly my transient idiopathic arrhythmia.
Can I assume that you likewise found the experience…
That wasn’t quite the word I was looking for, but sure, I’ll do this pass-fail.
Oh, it’s great. Everybody in the Engineering Department is eating their hearts out.
You know, there’s kind of an obvious solution here. (To Raj) Get up. (Raj does. Howard moves his cushion across to Sheldon’s spot) There. Problem solved. (Raj whispers to him) Nobody cares where you’re going to sit. You’re not crazy.
I’ll pick you up in ten minutes. Gentlemen, adieu.
What am I supposed to do, Leonard? There’s a woman out there anxious to have sex with me. You understand, right?
Nevertheless, I must depart. By the way, did I tell you? Leslie pulled some strings and got me on the research trip to Geneva to check out the CERN Supercollider.
Okay, there are two ways of looking at this…
Thank you. It helps when I get to practice with a real woman.
When I go to weddings, it’s to scam on chunky bridesmaids. I don’t know what I would do with a date.
Well, hold on. Are you saying if I don’t go to the wedding, I can’t go to Geneva?
Okay, I’m sorry, but that makes me a little uncomfortable.
Because it’s like you’re controlling me with new equipment and research trips.
So, bottom line, I’m just a bought-and-paid-for sex toy.
Hey, Ma, you got to rent me a tux!
Okay, Raj, hand me the number six torque screwdriver.
Yeah, cool. Seven times as long as flying, and costs almost twice as much.
It can’t be. What would Summer Glau be doing riding the train?
Sheldon, I owe you an apology. Taking the train was a stroke of brilliance! I’ve actually got a shot at a Terminator.
You’re overlooking something. I have 11 hours with her in a confined space. Unless she’s willing to jump off a moving train, tuck and roll down the side of a hill, she will eventually succumb to the acquired taste that is Howard Wolowitz.
Sheldon, let me explain to you how this works.
Um, well, let’s see, couple reasons. One, I saw her first.
Fair enough. But then let me move on to number two, unlike you, I can actually talk to women when I’m sober.
Well, you know the old saying, pasty and frail never fail.
I will, I’m just working on my opening line.
No, no, no, that always creeps girls out. I need to come up with something that’s funny, smart and delicately suggests that my sexual endowment is disproportionate to my physical stature.
Do you believe him? Normally around women, he has the personality of a boiled potato. Put one beer in him, and he’s M. Night Charmalarmalon.
Hi, I’m the small package good things come in.
So anyway, in the dream, you and I were ice skating, just the two of us. And then, I picked you up by your ankles and twirled you round and round until your legs tore off. I tried to stick them back on, but before I could, you turned into a giant loaf of pumpernickel bread. What do you think that means?
I’ll give you a little clue. My favourite sandwich? Salami on pumpernickel.
And did you know the word “pumpernickel” comes from the German words pumper and nickel, which loosely translates to fart goblin?
Okay, here’s another one. If you married the famous rock guitarist Johnny Winter, you’d be Summer Winter.
Okay, I’m going to just go for broke here and say I like you.
So here’s my question, do you realistically see any conversational path that would take me from where we are right now to a place where I could ask you out and you’d say yes?
But before I go, would you mind if I just take one picture of us together for my Facebook page?
Okay. Great. Now, can I take one where it looks like we’re making out?
Oh, very nice. What’s Leonard going to do? Does he give up the pawn or does he give up the position?
Too bad. You know the rules of Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Chess. Uh, Leonard died again, Sheldon. You’re up.
Hey, you know what’d be a great idea? We get some girls over here and play Laser Obstacle Strip Chess.
I think I bruised a testicle capturing that last pawn.
Hold on. What are you using as a bonding agent?
You’re kidding. Any of the cyanoacrylates would do a better job.
Why not eliminate the middle man? We could install a small server farm with a static IP in her bedroom.
It’s a common stripper problem. They dance, they sweat, they clump.
Actually, I’m thinking about this one stripper named Vega. But sure, calcium sulphate could work.
Please. Dateline could use it to attract predators.
They didn’t quit. They were massacred by, like, a gazillion angry Mexicans.
Oh, stop with the fake third world crap. Your father’s a gynaecologist, and you had a house full of servants.
Oh, God, we’re never gonna finish in time. Who made Sheldon the boss anyway?
Penny, although you may find it hard to believe, we do have lives.
Sorry, guys, but Secret Agent Laser Obstacle Lunch is just stupid.
All right, Penny, let me take this opportunity to point out that you are looking particularly ravishing today.
I’ll take the apartment upstairs. I can finally get away from my mother, and we can all spend some more time together, if you catch my drift.
Yeah, I thought about renting this apartment, but I’m really more of a downtown loft kind of guy.
Oh, actually I’m, uh, living with a woman in Altadena. Purely platonic, she’s also my maid.
Oh, pish-posh. (Raj whispers to him) I don’t know, it means shucks. (Raj whispers again) Shucks means shucks. Let one go once in a while.
I’ll run lines with you in the car.
Oh, my God! Girl fight! (He grabs Leonard)
I know you. you’re stupid enough to break it up.
May I say you look very comely tonight?
According to Alicia’s facebook page, she’s hooking up with one of the producers on CSI.
Renaissance fairs aren’t about historical accuracy. They’re about taking chubby girls who work at Kinko’s and lacing them up in corsets so tight their bosom jumps out and says howdy.
I don’t care what the bosoms say, Sheldon, I just want to be part of the conversation.
Thanks, my mom made it. Penny with a new guy, tres awkward.
Are you saying that you’ve been holding back?
So, how do you explain the ten years before Penny?
You’re only saying that because of what happened to you.
It wasn’t your fault, Raj, he was dressed as a green Orion slave girl.
Yeah, so, be a tool. Go get yourself a little rebound stress release.
You mean like you and Richard the slave girl?
Come on, Sheldon, there’s so few places I can wear my jester costume.
Hmm, let’s do it. (Sheldon does not move. Leonard looks confused.)
Come on, the whole idea behind Anything Can Happen Thursday is to get out of this rut we’ve been in lately.
If I may proffer a suggestion, in bars all across this great nation of ours, Thursday night is Ladies’ Night. Which means, as the evening progresses, we will get better looking courtesy of 99 cent margaritas and two-for-one Jell-O shots.
Really? Are you familiar with the Drake Equation?
Yeah, that one. You can modify it to calculate our chances of having sex by changing the formula to use the number of single women in Los Angeles, the number of those who might find us attractive, and what I call the Wolowitz Coefficient.
Neediness times dress size squared. Crunching the numbers, I come up with a conservative 5,812 potential sex partners within a 40-mile radius.
I’m a horny engineer, Leonard. I never joke about math or sex.
Alright, but next Anything Can Happen Thursday, we’re definitely going to a bar.
Tell me about it. Look, a new Batman belt buckle.
Yes, but I saw it from the front.
Oh, come on! I need this for my Batman collection.
I have got to learn how to draw. Hey!
Okay! Let me just go inside and slip off my underwear.
Well, if I get lucky, I don’t want to be caught in my Aquaman briefs.
I’m not sitting here with a guy drinking a grasshopper with a little umbrella.
Look, there are plenty of bars in Los Angeles where you can order grasshoppers and chocolate martinis, but you wouldn’t have to because there are no women in them.
All right, the Three Musketeers just became the Dynamic Duo.
It’s way too early in the night for that. See, first we let the lawyers and the jocks thin the herd, and then we go after the weak and the old and the lame.
That’s my system. Oh, and if you spot a chick with a Seeing Eye dog, she’s mine.
Nah, they’re eating peanuts, and my allergies, one kiss would put me in Cedar-Sinai for a week.
Possible, very possible. Do you want the one in the whiplash collar or the one who keeps blinking?
No, we have a little prep work to do. Put this in your mouth. We walk past them, you stumble a bit. I say, sorry, my friend’s had a little too much, and then I start to pull it out of your mouth and say, a little too much fun. Get it? I mean, they’re laughing, we’re laughing, and then we get them up to about a .15 blood alcohol level, and tell them we’re millionaires.
Depends. Are you willing to sit on my lap and pretend to be a ventriloquist dummy?
I can’t sit on your lap, you don’t know the routine.
Wait, is this your card or isn’t it? Trust me, this was their card.
Wow, you’re just going to make me come out and say it, aren’t you?
You’re weighing me down. I’m a falcon who hunts better solo.
Don’t be ridiculous, you can’t just tell a falcon when to hunt.
Shut up. Let’s just get Koothrappali and go. (They turn to see Raj with his tongue down the throat of a “larger lady” by the bar.) Lucky bastard. It’s got to be that stupid accent of his. (To a girl nearby) Hello. I am Sanjay Wolowitz from Bombay. Okay, I’m stumped.
Is there a picture of you in my wallet wearing a metal bikini?
No, it was something else. Why does everything have to be about sex with you? Come on. Who’s turn is it?
I don’t know. She just said Howard, momma’s a rolling stone. And then her call waiting beeped and she was gone.
Of course I had feelings for her, I saw her naked for God’s sake!
It could be fun. I know my weekend’s wide open, now that…
First row are your musks, second is wood, leathers and botanicals, third is assorted pheromones, tread lightly.
You guys go ahead, I just have to finish up an email.
Okay, fine, I’m checking her facebook page, look at her status update, she’s saying she dumped me, people need to know I dumped her.
Grow up, Raj,there’s no place for truth on the internet. Just go, I’ll catch up with you.
Seriously, you think this is the size of a baby’s arm?
Cut the crap, you set this up, didn’t you?
No, I’m celebrating. As we speak, the space shuttle is docking at the International Space Station where it will deploy the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Waste Disposal System.
Okay, make your little jokes, but of the four of us, I’m the only one making any real-world contribution to science and technology.
Hey, wanna make sure he gets nowhere with Penny without jeopardizing your friendship with either of them?
Just tell him to do everything you’ve done with her for the last two years.
Look, I was going over the schematics on my zero-G toilet, and I made a teeny tiny mistake on the specifications for the diverter valve.
Yeah, see, that’s the code red. It’s kind of like a jack-in-the-box, no one knows exactly when, but at some point something way worse than a puppet is gonna pop out of that box.
No. Are you crazy?What am I gonna say? I screwed up your toilet and pretty soon there’s gonna be crap floating all over your nice shiny space station?
I’m gonna figure out how to fix it, then I’ll tell them.
Hey, you said you were gonna be supportive.
All right, this is an exact duplicate of the Wolowitz Zero-Gravity Human Waste Disposal System as deployed on the International Space Station.
Yeah, ha, it’s hilarious. Now, here’s an approximation of the spare parts available on the Space Station. We gotta find a way, using nothing but this, to reinforce this so the waste material avoids the spinning turbine.
No good. I mean, it might work for the Japanese and the Americans, but have you seen the size of the Russians they got up there? This thing has to hold up against a hearty potato-based diet.
Maybe if you were helping, you’d feel better about yourself.
Okay, here’s an idea. What if I change my name and go live with my cousin and her husband Avi in Israel?
Hang on, I think I’ve got this. Help me see if we can wedge this little piece of PVC behind the support rod.
Because this is not a spare part from the space station. This is the thing from the pizza box that keeps the lid from touching the cheese.
Hold on, you can go to the comic book store when man can once again safely poop in space.
I got your back, sister. All right, I think we’ve got a prototype ready to test. Hand me that Tupperware.
Damn right it’s heavy, it’s my mother’s meat loaf, it’s been testing toilets for generations.
Okay, simulated zero-gravity human waste disposal test with meat loaf analog in three, two, one. (Switches flush. Meatloaf hits ceiling.)
Yes, sir, I understand classified. We’ll keep it all classified, no one has to know but you and me.
Well, they’ve deployed our solution. Let’s just all hope it works.
Just imagine. If he says yes, we’ll have an entire summer without Sheldon.
We could sit on the left side of the couch.
We’re not really gonna go to the North Pole with him, are we?
We’re not really gonna go to the North Pole with him, are we?
Easy. Instead of saying, no, we don’t want to go on an NSF expedition, say, no, we don’t want to spend “three months stuck in a cabin in the Arctic Circle with an anal nutbag.”
I could also be the engineer who builds the crossbow that kills Sheldon.
And you think you can put up with Sheldon?
You heard the man. Hold him down and I’ll cut him open.
Doctor and Mrs. Koothrappali, namaste. I understand your concern, but if it’ll make you feel any better, my mother is fine with me going, and this is a woman who kept a safety rail on my bed until I was 17.
Ma, I’m putting you on speakerphone with Raj’s parents. Can you tell them that you’re okay with me going to the Arctic?
I didn’t say that. You never listen to me!
Good idea, what do you think? Ice Station Zebra or John Carpenter’s The Thing?
There’s no time for a crossbow. Find me an icicle.
Me too. But probably in a different way.
I do that too. But probably in a different way.
Mmmm, testify. (Puts up hand for a handslap.)
That would be me. Come to Poppa, you un-kosher delight. (To Penny) I’m not necessarily talking to the food.
Do I get an honourable mention for designing the telescope camera mounting bracket you used.
Poverty? Your father’s a gynaecologist, he drives a Bentley.
Oh, good, we can take it off the milk cartons.
Well then fake it. Look at me, I could be grinding on the fact that without my stabilizing telescope mount he never would have found that stupid little clump of cosmic schmutz, but I’m bigger than that.
Try less teeth. (Does. It isn’t much better.)
We just wanted to invite you out to dinner tonight.
Wait a minute, I called dibs on Fishbine’s office the day he started showing up at work in his bathrobe.
They gave him an assistant? If I want a new pen I have to go to the bank with wire cutters.
Gee, I’d love to Raj, but I can’t make it.
That would be cool. I’d go to that reception.
Hey, good news, you don’t have to sulk about Penny any more, look, there are hundreds of Croatian women just waiting for you to contact them.
I’ll lend you my user name, it’s wealthybigpenis.
Well, you gotta make it easy for them, they’re just learning English.
So you’re just going to sit around here and mope while Penny is out with Doctor Apu from the Kwik-e-Mart?
It can’t be racist, he’s a beloved character on the Simpsons.
Sheldon, not that we don’t all enjoy a good lion semen story, what’s your point.
Sheldon, don’t take this the wrong way, but, you’re insane.
And he should have a lot of money, and live in a cool place down by the beach where we could throw parties.
And he should know a lot of women.
No, just for the fun of it, I’m gonna take his side.
And it’s because we care about you that we’ve decided we have to speak up.
Ooh, I want to go to the comic book store. (He leaves.)
Yeah, but Albert Einstein didn’t make me wet myself at 40 miles an hour.
The application in your hand, give it to her.
Sheldon, why are you arguing with the DMV?
This is a state-of-the-art simulator. I adapted it from something a friend of mine designed for the army.
I haven’t configured it yet. Let’s see… Bradley tank… transport truck… Batmobile…
Here we go, red 2006 Ford Taurus on the streets of Pasadena.
Plus there’s a whole new crop of female grad students about to put on just enough winter weight to make them needy and vulnerable. That’s right, honey, have another calzone, Daddy can wait.
Howard Wolowitz, department of engineering, co-designer of the International Space Station’s Liquid Waste Disposal System.
You know, the Pishkin-Wolowitz Liquid Waste Disposal System is turning a few heads as well.
I do. I love me a cup of joe.
Sheldon, do you have any idea what just happened?
Not Sheldon. Over the years, we’ve formulated many theories about how he might reproduce. I’m an advocate of mytosis.
I believe one day Sheldon will eat an enormous amount of Thai food and split into two Sheldons.
Well, as it turns out, it’s also a Klingon word.
What do you mean, aw? Like she didn’t know we were nerds?
Oh, look, the’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz. No, wait, that’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz. With her head in the lap of, what a coincidence. It’s the future Mrs. Wolowitz.
Wait a minute, you’re telling me that I’m within driving distance of a house filled with aspiring supermodels?
And they live together and shower together and have naked pillow fights?
Sadly, Mrs. Giselle Wolowitz is sensitive to chlorine. Lucky for her I like my fashion models pruny and bug-eyed.
Isn’t it obvious? Every week, they kick out a beautiful girl, making her feel unwanted and without self-esteem, a.k.a. the future Mrs. Howard Wolowitz.
Okay, here he comes, deny, deny, people, wall of silence.
You can get them removed early, but you have to take his class.
So based on our triangulation we’ve narrowed down the location of the top model house to three square miles in the Hollywood Hills.
When we find it, you want to go with us?
That’s what they said to Neil Armstrong about the moon.
Well, my fellow Americans, before this year is out we will put a Wolowitz on one of America’s top models.
I bet we could sell that sign all over Pasadena.
That’s it. There’s the house, I found America’s top models!
Look, on the roof, Anais and Giselle are sunbathing. European-style.
Of course not, I got a buddy of mine at NORAD to have a spy drone fly over.
It was already targeted to poke around a nuclear reactor in Siberia, I took it an hour out of its way, tops.
No need to neuter the nerd, I can get you back online.
What are you complaining about? I’m the one who has to take the class again.
God bless you, Google Street View registered trademark.
You know what? If it’s creepy to use the Internet, military satellites, and robot aircraft to find a house full of gorgeous young models so that I can drop in on them unexpectedly, then fine, I’m creepy.
She’s taller than all the women in my family combined.
I’ve been waiting for someone to have the talk with me.
Look at Leonard’s record. 27 days with Joyce Kim.
Based on the geometric progression, his relationship with Stephanie should have ended after 20 minutes.
I’ll tell you what you shouldn’t do. Don’t spritz him with that body spray from the commercial where the women undress when they smell it, that doesn’t work at all, no matter how much you put on.
Oh, man, did you switch your status before she did? Speaking as an expert, way to look needy.
Stephanie Barnett is in a relationship with Leonard Hofstadter.”
I can’t believe we spent three months in that frozen hell.
Dammit, I should have gone over and told her we were back.
Yeah, we’ll keep that in mind, look, we need to talk to you about something that happened at the North Pole.
And we agreed to never speak of it again.
Sheldon, you remember the first few weeks we were looking for magnetic monopoles and not finding anything and you were acting like an obnoxious, giant dictator?
That’s why I added the tator. And then when we found our first positive data, you were so happy.
Well, in actuality, what your equipment detected wasn’t so much evidence of paradigm-shifting monopoles as it was… static from the electric can opener we were turning on and off.
If I may abruptly change the subject, did you and Penny finally… you know.
Personally, I don’t care, but my genitals wanted me to ask.
Well, he’s not answering his phone, he handed in his resignation at the university and he sent me a text that said, I’m running away.
Oh, right, and I do? My people already crossed a desert once, we’re done.
Hello? I’m wearing a red turtleneck. Plus, it was the only boys’ large they had.
If y’all don’t mind, I got a hankerin’ for a Lone Star beer.
Sorry. I’ll take a diet Yoo-Hoo if you have it.
I hope it’s all right, I told my girlfriend Bernadette she could join us for dinner.
Hey, fellas. This is my girlfriend Bernadette. My girlfriend Bernadette.
Thought I’d give the little woman a tour of the old salt mines.
Thanks, honey. (She goes) All right, what is your deal?
Inviting my girlfriend to come see your electron accelerator?
Wow! You really are a piece of work. It’s not enough you get the prom queen, you have to get the head of the decorating committee, too?
Don’t play innocent with me. I practically invented using fancy lab equipment to seduce women.
Not so far, but that’s not the point!
I hope not, because you don’t want to mess with me. I’m crazy.
No, no, don’t move. Hey, Ma, can I have lamb stew for dinner?
Me? No. I may have mentioned that it’s a little inappropriate to be asking another man’s girlfriend to his experiment without first discussing it with said man.
I didn’t say anything like that. I said Leonard has to ask my permission. (Bernadette storms out) Come on, I don’t want to eat lamb stew with my mother. Damn, I was this close on the bra.
Okay, I got a bone to pick with you.
I was in bed with Bernadette, and you text-blocked me.
We were completely naked, about to devour each other when, you text her that I have a problem with her hanging out with you.
Yeah, but that’s not what you tell her.
I don’t know, something that doesn’t make me come off as a petty, jealous douche.
Come on, do I have to think of everything?
Same thing you’re doing here. I came to see Leonard’s experiment.
I was just repeating what Sheldon said. Let’s not get off topic, Bernadette, I need to apologize. I was wrong to tell you who you should be friends with.
Look, I know I come off as confident and worldly, but the truth is I’m not.
Which is why I tend to feel threatened by other guys.
But I now realize how foolish that is.
It was a full turtleneck. Why aren’t you helping me?
Bernadette, please, I’m asking you to give me another chance.
Because we don’t have latent homosexual feelings toward one another.
She had to go out of town. Her grandmother died.
Honest to God. Leonard, tell her I have a girlfriend.
What do you mean you don’t know what I’m talking about? Tell her I have a girlfriend!
Her name is Bernadette, she’s working as a waitress, but she’s going to school to be a microbiologist.
If it helps, we’re all good with your breasts.
No, it would just freak him out. Listen, before we leave, I should warn you, I’m a passionate man and I tend towards public displays of affection.
There might be some making out in the car or the restaurant, and I don’t want Bernadette to feel uncomfortable, so it would help if you and Penny made out, too.
Yeah, no more carefree bachelor nights for me and Leonard. These broncos have been saddled.
Flesh-eating bacteria. And yet, I still want to kiss this woman, what does that tell you?
Well, we kind of disagree about what the bases are.
Why don’t you kids go ahead and chat? We’re gonna make out back here.
Well, we could always learn more about why people who believe in psychics are idiots. Leonard?
What do you think? Want to jump right into the middle of another couple’s argument?
Had a great night last night. I don’t like to kiss and tell, but somebody made it to eighth base.
Seventh base with shirt off. Well, my shirt. How’d things go with Penny?
Are we taking our relationship frustrations out on innocent Cylons?
All right, I was going to try to squeeze in a little more mocking before lunch, but I can come back later when you don’t have a high-powered weapon.
Hey, I once dated a girl who believed she was abducted by aliens.
Au contraire. It meant she was gullible and open to a little probing.
Hey, I’m sure Penny fakes all kinds of things when she’s with you.
Let me show you another way to look at this. Here we have the universe of all women. These are the ones you want to sleep with. These are the women who believe exactly what you believe. These are the women who would be willing to sleep with you. And right there in the
I respect that. (Takes Leonard’s hand, draws a dot on it.)
Boy, seems like forever since the four of us have been out to eat, you know? Just the guys.
It doesn’t mean any of that! It’s a typo.
All right, we’ve got a titanium dead bolt and a reinforced jamb controlled by a state-of-the-art electronic access system.
Now, inside, we’ve got motion detectors, infrared sensors, and cameras connected to a server running state-of-the-art facial recognition software.
I got a buddy over at the Department of Defence.
I’m sure he would have if I had asked. Ironically, their security isn’t all that good.
Don’t worry, the net’s going to be electrified. Picture her on the floor, spasming uncontrollably.
Oh, come on. So you were the victim of a crime. That’s part of life. When my great-grandfather first came to this country, he put all his hopes and dreams into this little butcher shop he ran on the Lower East Side of New York. You know what happened? Every customer who walked into that butcher shop and asked for a pound of liver, got ripped off. But, those people moved on, and so should you.
Oh, that’s perfect. Bernadette’s been hocking me to take her roller skating.
Not really. I was in my boogie zone.
I bet if we all chipped in, we could buy Sheldon a van.
That’s not true. My happiness is not dependent on my best friend being miserable and alone.
Although, I’d be lying if I said it wasn’t a little bit of a perk.
Yeah, I am pulling out all the stops. There’s a $39.95 lover’s special at P.F. Chang’s. Egg rolls, dumplings, bottomless wok, and you get your picture taken on the big marble horse out front.
I understand your point, but given a choice, Jews always go with Chinese food.
I heard he threw his back out climbing on his new girlfriend.
I’m sorry I couldn’t hang with you last night. I had a date with Bernadette.
Absolutely. And I’d leave him there. (Sheldon enters, puts a tray in front of Leonard, and exits.)
Yeah, right, there’s nothing more awesome and frightening than a man who’s got music blasting from between his nipples.
I’m sad to say I taught him those moves.
That’s crazy. Stan Lee had nothing to do with Batman.
Ow! Damn, paper cut. Nothing worse than a paper cut.
Why don’t you keep that stuff in the bathroom?
Sheldon, why do you have all these unopened paychecks in your desk?
But there must be thousands of dollars here. Why don’t you put it in the bank?
You’ve also got something from the Pasadena Municipal Court.
Looks like you ran a red light on Marengo Avenue at 9:30 p.m. on November 16. They got you on a traffic camera. Nice picture.
You are guilty. (Raj’s shirt plays the gavel sound from Law & Order) That one I liked.
Wow. Uh, Stan Lee, or you in court? Uh, if this was Sophie’s Choice it would’ve been a much shorter movie. No.
Okay, I’m cutting. I’m not gonna talk to Stan Lee after you cheese him off.
Awesome. Mine says, To my friend, Howard, from Stan Lee, Excelsior!
That’s ’cause you pissed him off about his character names.
Plus, you didn’t get to meet Stan Lee.
You’re right, so it would be cruel to mention that after he finished signing autographs, Stan Lee took Stuart and us out for gelato.
My guess is, “Hey, four minutes! New record!” That’s why I’m the funny one.
They were closing up. We got this whole box for sixty bucks.
Oh, my God. An Alf doll. When I was 11 my mother got me one to help me sleep after my dad left. I used to pretend that my dad had moved to the planet Melmac, and Alf was going to bring him back to me. But he never did. Where’s my daddy, puppet? Where is he?
Looks like someone drew a penis on him.
So, I was doing some checking on the ring.
Listen, I was looking at the ring, and it seemed a little weird. No copyright notice on it. So, I took it down to this buddy of mine who deals with, shall we say, the seedy underbelly of the collectibles world.
You know, your black market phasers, your screen-worn Lieutenant Uhura panties, that kind of stuff.
No, I can’t tell you who it is. Stop asking.
Eddie Crispo. Anyway, he said this isn’t a replica. It’s the real deal.
No, but it’s close. Look at the markings inside. Those are production markings. Nine rings were made for use in the Lord of the Rings movies. Three were given to members of the cast. The rest were destroyed. Except one. One was stolen. Gentlemen, this is the one ring.
Well, it’s tough to say since it’s hot, but on the underground market, my guy figures…
Fine. He can have it back as long as he promises to make me a hobbit in his next movie.
Clearly, you’ve never been to my house for dinner on Rosh Hashanah.
If you had gone out with me three years ago, by now, you’d have my great Aunt Ida’s brooch that she smuggled out of occupied Belgium in a cat.
So, Sheldon, how’s it feel to get beaten up by a girl?
Okay, just so you know, if we’re bringing in cousins who are lawyers, prepare for shock and awe.
I say this ring belongs to the last person who can hold on.
You do realize there’s a giant bug movie marathon tonight on the Syfy Channel. (They start to move away from the table while all still holding the ring.)
You know, there’s a point when this becomes idiotic.
I’m sorry, Ma, I have to stay late at the office.
That’s not gonna Better pull out the big gun.
Then let go of the ring and walk away.
All right. I’ll bet your Meemaw didn’t just have sex to have your mother. I bet she had sex because she liked it.
Something tells me this was a bad day to wear suede shoes.
You quit the game! You had no right to take it.
Yeah, the one thing the William Shatner of theoretical physics needed was an ego boost.
Didn’t it look like that spear was going to go right through your skull?
Well, no, you’re mistaken. You give speeches all the time. What you can’t do is shut up.
Turns out the great Sheldon Cooper has stage fright.
Raj says he can teach you, what did you call it? I don’t know, some Indian meditation crap.
My power is the ability to pretend like I give a damn about your piddly-ass problems. And that’s 24-7, buddy.
Hey, Leonard, where do you come down on giant ants?
Okay, forget giant ants. How about giant rabbits?
Leonard, where do you stand on giant rabbits and scrotal position?
Okay, how about this for a topic, why is Leonard being a giant douche? Assuming giant douches are possible.
What’d you do, Romeo? You pour maple syrup all over your body and ask her if she was in the mood for a short stack?
While making love, did you accidentally spank your own ass and cry out Mommy?
Did you take a Benadryl and fall asleep while pleasuring her? Because you can die that way.
I thought you were bringing your own bowling shoes.
Hey, I just wanted to tell you I’m a big fan.
I’m sure you’re probably sick of Star Trek questions, but, Whoopi Goldberg, you ever hit that?
You know, if you want it to mean you’re crushing Wesley, it’d be the “Wesley” Crushers.
Sheldon, you’re wrong. Wolverine was not born with bone claws.
Okay, who had Leonard flames out with Penny in less than 24 hours”?
You don’t have to, but it’s highly recommended.
What’s there to learn? You get naked, do nasty things to each other, then somebody makes scrambled eggs and salami. Easy peasy.
Okay, when you say “it wasn’t great, do you mean for both of you? Because we can totally see it not being great for her. Am I right?
Sex is never the way I dream it’s gonna be.
Uh, no, no, no, don’t tell him, let’s see if he can figure it out.
No, you’re misunderstanding. A shiksa goddess isn’t an actual goddess and we don’t pray to them, we prey on them.
Oh, give me a frickin’ break. How could you possibly know that?
Okay, you were right about Wolverine and bone claws, but you’re wrong about the cricket.
No, no, not this time. I know insects, my friend, I spent many childhood years capturing them with nets, putting them in glass jars, sticking pins through them, mounting them on corrugated cardboard with Dymo labels underneath, identifying the genus and species. In Latin.
Okay, okay, tell you what. I am willing to bet anything that’s an ordinary field cricket.
Okay, I believe a chicken made you his bitch. But the cricket thing, I don’t buy. Bet me.
I will put up my Fantastic Four number 48, first appearance of Silver Surfer against your Flash 123, the classic Flash of two worlds issue.
Are you crazy? We can’t go down an empty elevator shaft.
Don’t push me, Sheldon. I may be small, but I took kung fu when I was 13, and I remember a good deal of it.
All right, Sheldon, here we go, Kleingast’s Field Guide to North American Insects. Hey, Toby. Right here, see it? The common field cricket, aka Gryllus assimilis, which is Latin for suck it, you lose.
That is not Toby, this is Toby. Raj, what do you think?
Yeah, fine, whatever. The point is, you’re wrong again.
All right. Tell you what, let’s go down to the Entomology Department and let Professor
No, you don’t understand. We just want to ask you a question.
What’s wrong with you? You can’t hang out with your roommate’s ex. That’s totally uncool.
So would Ben Affleck. The point is, in a situation like this you got to pick sides. You’re either on Team Leonard or Team Penny.
Jews don’t have hell. We have acid reflux.
Nah, I can’t. I got to pick up my mom from her water aerobics class. 18 overweight women flapping their arm fat in a swimming pool. Looks like the manatee tank at Sea World.
I wish you were Aquaman. Then I could send you to scoop my mom out of the old lady tank.
You said you were going for a walk.
So what, you’re just gonna walk up and down the stairs?
Bye. Actually, I’m this way. Do I smell hot dogs?
You might want to stand back. I’m sitting on top of 13 horses here.
Well, that’s it. We’re officially out of things to talk about.
A, are you kidding me? And B, seriously, are you freaking kidding me?
So you’re saying the two of you are going to be sleeping in the same bed?
Whoa, whoa, whoa. You heard the man. Where’s your throat cultures? Kidding. Sit down.
If you want, I can give you some of my mom’s sleeping pills.
Were you up making another stop-motion Lego movie?
‘Cause let me tell you, it’s not enough to make the Legos move, they also have to capture your heart.
How is a Japanese love pillow another person?
What do you mean what? It’s Halo night.
That’s why we moved Halo night here. Look, I brought my mom’s chicken soup.
Yeah, sure. In fact, I’m a dungeon master.
I was waiting for the right time. This is the right time.
He’s right. The numbers are shaky enough as it is.
You got it. Oh, Raj, no. Billions of dollars have gone into inventing the Internet and filling it with pictures of naked women, so we don’t have to peep through windows.
Oh, it’s very simple. Leonard was living in a little town called please don’t leave me, while Penny had just moved to the island of bye-bye.
If it’s not too much trouble, I’d like to point this at the moon now.
The phrase is get back on the horse, not whores.
No, it’s not… Never mind. He is right, though. If you want, I can turn you on to this great new dating site I found.
You sure? They say they can find a match for anybody.
Tons. I’ve had, like, eight dates in the last month. And twelve if you count the ones who showed up and left.
He didn’t find a wife. They built him a wife out of dead body parts.
I’ll show you a picture of my Uncle Louie in a bathing suit sometime. Leonard, you gotta see this, we found a match for Sheldon.
Whatever. Right now, Dr. Sheldon Cooper has to send an e-mail to his perfect match. Greetings, fellow life-form…
Well, him about to find out about her.
Right. So, listen, what are you doing tomorrow afternoon?
Okay, what if I were to tell you, tomorrow, at 4:30 you could meet a woman who has been scientifically chosen to be your perfect mate?
And that’s exactly the answer we gave to the question, what is your attitude towards online dating”
Okay, well, why don’t you start with a cup of coffee, and you can pon farr Amy Farrah Fowler later.
All right, you can have a hot chocolate.
No. Raj and I are going a goth club in Hollywood to hang with the night people. Anybody want to come along?
No, no. I’m going out like this. (Whips off jacket to reveal tattoos up both arms)
They’re called tattoo sleeves. Look. I bought them online, Raj got a set, too. Fantastic, right? Put them on, have hot sex with some freaky girl with her business pierced, take them off, and I can still be buried in a Jewish cemetery.
Okay, how about you two? Look, I’ve got some extra tat sleeves.
Well, In case I snag one on someone’s nipple ring.
Oh, is the missus speaking for the couple now?
It’d help if you weren’t drinking light beer.
Hello, it looks like blood. Did you even read the Wiki How link I sent you on being goth?
Just remember we are lost boys, children of the night.
Thanks. Can we buy you ladies a drink?
Oh, you know, goth stuff. Goth magazines, goth music.
Does it? Okay, if you like space stuff, I design components for the international space station. Which is in space. Where, as I’m sure you know, no one can hear you scream.
Really? How about that? I’ve been to the Gap.
She’s not going to see it. She takes my temperature orally now.
Well, I can’t really decide between a screaming devil, this mean little skull or Kermit the Frog.
You know (Kermit voice) Hi ho, I’m on Howard’s butt!
Yeah, I’d like the mean little skull, please.
I know, but it was cold. Ow, ow, ow!
Aaaaaargh! Okay, that’s it, no needle, no pain, no tattoo.
No, I haven’t, look. (Rips off tattoo sleeves) I’m sorry, I’m a fraud, he’s a fraud.
Yes. And I wouldn’t blame you if you walked out of here and never wanted to see us again. Unless of course our bold honesty has suddenly made us attractive.
What are you thinking? Maybe a big musical number?
Okay, wait, how about this? We say there were four goth girls, the two girls in the club had two friends.
What’s that got to do with the story?
No, no. Look, let me say my story all the way through, and then you can say yours, and then we’ll pick.
Okay. We got tattoos, and then the four girls took us to their place.
We say they’re in a very intimate area.
Right, right, so we go back to their place, and then the six of us end up in a hot tub.
True. Okay, forget the hot tub. The point is, we each have a ménage with sexy goth girls.
Yeah. Hey, want to try a country bar tomorrow night.
Yeah, I really wish I could, Penny, but every year my mother has all the relatives over and cooks up her famous tur-briska-fil.
Turkey stuffed with a brisket stuffed with gefilte fish. It’s not as good as it sounds.
Oh, he usually comes to my house. Right, pal? (Raj bursts into tears and runs away) All right, this year, you don’t have to eat the tur-briska-fil. I don’t even chew it. I swallow it like pills.
Well, the good news is, he has no problem with my mother’s tur-brka-fil.
The bad news is, he says he’s getting deported.
Penny, would you mind stepping outside so we can speak to him?
Okay, guys, think, how do we keep Raj in the country?
Come on, what are you waiting for? Call him and set up an interview.
What do you mean you didn’t get the job? How could you not get it?
Gee, that’s, like, a 17-hour flight. How about I meet you halfway?
Tonight’s the night I usually go line dancing with Raj at the palomino.
Okay, I guess I can hang for a little while. So what are we watching? Sex and the city.
Fine, let’s watch it. Maybe all our periods will synchronize.
Well, usually, on Sundays, I go with Raj to scam on hippie chicks at the farmers market, but he’s still working with Sheldon, so I thought I’d come over here and make you guys scrambled eggs and salami. It’s the perfect meal for apres l’amour.
By the way, I couldn’t help overhearing your big finish. Bravo, Leonard.
What do you guys think? Want to take in a matinee, maybe go rollerblading, catch a step class?
Oh. I get it, I’m the third wheel. Sorry, I should have seen that. I’ll get out of your way. Uh, you’re gonna want to eat those eggs while they’re still hot.
Ill just hang out with my mom. That’s always fun.
Oh, you guys had me scared for a minute.
All right, Raj has played his phantom warlord card, and I am going to back him up with my strangling vines. Choke on that, sucka.
Are we going to talk or are we going to play Mystic Warlords of Ka-ah?
That reminds me, I have a bone to pick with you.
You and I made a pact that if either of us ever got a hot girlfriend, that person would have his girlfriend hook the other guy up with one of her girlfriends.
So you’ve been with Penny for like a month and a half now. Where’s my shorty, Morty?
Leonard, a pact is a pact. You have to get Penny to fix me up.
Come on, I’m smart, I have good job and I have only three percent body fat.
And tall. I want our kids to be able to ride space mountain before they’re 20.
So, tell me more about the future mother of my children.
Great. So what did you tell her about me? Did you mention the body fat?
So, Penny tells me you’re working as a waitress to put yourself through grad school. That’s pretty great, what are you studying?
Microbiology is the study of tiny living things.
And I said you could study me ’cause I’m a tiny living thing. It’s a joke.
Okay… Puppies? Where do you stand on puppies?
I’m torn. She might be dying, and, you know, I wouldn’t want to miss that. On the other hand, if I let it go to voicemail, I could play it over and over.
Not as crazy as my mother makes me.
My mother calls me at work to see if I had a healthy bowel movement.
Ooh, rough. Okay, check this out. My mother made me wear rubber gloves to kindergarten so I wouldn’t pick up a disease from the other children.
Listen, you have to come to shabbat dinner at my house sometime.
A catholic girl like you wearing a big cross like that might just give my mother the big brain aneurysm I’ve been hoping for.
What was I supposed to do? She gave me that come-hither look.
I would’ve caught up to her if I hadn’t pulled a hammy.
Oh come on, you’re not still grinding on the kite thing, are you?
But I had a shot with that jogger.
It’s not a little scooter. It’s the second biggest Vespa they make! Are you watching football?
All I know about Saks is, my mother shops there.
I brought you a little gift. New kite.
Yeah, but it comes with a little coin purse. Does a Patang?
Look, I admit I haven’t always been the best friend I could be.
Getting shot down by the girl at Hot Dog on a Stick. But in my defence, she was gorgeous, and working that squeezer to make the lemonade, going up and down and up and down. It was like a free pole dance right in the middle of the food court.
Hey, at least I can talk to women without being drunk.
No. You know what? Maybe that’s what this whole thing’s about. You’re not mad at me, you’re mad at yourself.
Fine. You’re mad at me. I get it. Now, how about we go spend the day together? Just the two of us. We’ll go anywhere you want.
Come on. Let me take you someplace nice.
Really, now? With the traffic and the parking, it’s… okay, fine. The Tar Pits. Let’s go.
My pleasure. Maybe after lunch, we can go to Marie Callender’s and have some pie.
Good. I’m glad. Oh, man. Did you see the way she smiled at me?
Ah, who am I kidding? I wouldn’t have a shot with a girl like that.
Yeah, well, it doesn’t matter ‘cause she wasn’t really smiling at me.
Yeah, I don’t think I need my preshow urination anymore.
Remember this one? Spider-Man loses a big fight and then his girlfriend breaks up with him. Want me to get it for you? It’ll help take your mind off things.
No, I mean, she’s obviously way out of line.
But if she dumps you, she’ll have a new boyfriend by tomorrow morning and you’ll have a new girlfriend when you figure out how to build one. So the only question is, how long until you fold?
Come on. At the very least, when she found out Leonard was upset about it, she should’ve backed off.
I didn’t know you were upset about that.
Yeah, well, you think I was having fun, sitting around all night listening to my mother say “Have you ever peed so much in your life?”
For God’s sake, I don’t need to hear that! Can’t you just say, I’m busy?
You know what? I hope it’s one of those home invasion deals, and they shoot me in the head.
There’s no one there. You’re hearing things, you crazy old lady!
Alright, let’s see what’s on the east coast feed.
Oh, this sucks, I’m switching back to Real Sex.
Okay, the best I can tell, there are eight other campsites nearby. Mostly science nerds like us, but just over yon ridge are two not unattractive middle school teachers who reek of desperation.
Relax, I said we’d stop by a little later after they have their nap.
Not much to tell. They had a VW Microbus and were wearing tie-dyed Grateful Dead shirts.
Up above the world so high, like little diamonds in the sky.
I lost my virginity to my cousin Jeanie.
It was my Uncle Murray’s funeral. We were all back at my Aunt Barbara’s house. Our eyes locked over the pickled herring. We never meant for it to happen.
To this day, I can’t look at pickled herring without being aroused and ashamed. Oh, cousin Jeanie.
Wait. Wait, wait. So you’re saying we’re out of food?
Me too. Check and see if we have any more pudding.
Okay, our objective is the boy scout campsite to the east. Easy target. Big doughy scout master, couple of cubs, most webelos.
Hot dogs, buns, s’mores, I mean, it’s a freaking 7-11.
Oh, my god, could it be? Yes! My mother put an I love you brisket in my backpack.
You don’t need forks. It’s so tender, it falls apart in your hands.
Maybe a tupperware bowl of roasted potatoes and carrots?
So two years later, there’s a knock on the door, guy opens it, and there on his porch is the snail, who says, “What the heck was all that about?”
Well, see, it took two years for the snail to… (she kisses him) not important.
To be honest, I was hoping at least second base.
Okay, just to be clear, there’s only one correct answer, right? It’s not like chicken or fish on an airplane?
You know, it’s not unheard of for a one-night stand to turn into a relationship.
In romance, as in show business, always leave them wanting more.
Hey, did either of you guys know that three dates with the same woman is the threshold for sex?
Okay, well, before you and Penny hooked up, did she ask for any kind of commitment?
Excuse me, I have a master’s degree in engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It required the completion of 144 units of grad work and an original thesis.
I do, yeah, but she wants a commitment and I’m not sure she’s my type.
Look, Bernadette is really nice. I just always thought when I finally settle down into a relationship, it would be with someone, you know, different.
Well, you know, more like Megan Fox from Transformers, or Katee Sackhoff from Battlestar Galactica.
Okay, now you’re just being unrealistic. Anyway, that movie was like 20 years ago, imagine how saggy those things would be.
Hey, just because you settled doesn’t mean I have to.
Hey, I’m interested in what’s inside people, too, but why is it wrong to want those insides wrapped up in, say, the delicious caramel that is Halle Berry? (To Raj) Yes, you’re delicious caramel, too.
So nice you could join me this evening. You’re looking lovely as always.
Come on, Katee, don’t make it sound so cheap.
Don’t remind me! (Katee has vanished) Oh, man. All soaped up and no place to go.
Yeah, I came to talk to Bernadette. She’s working today, right?
Wait, Bernadette, I need to talk to you.
This will only take a second. You asked me to think about where our relationship was going, and I did. Bernadette? Will you marry me?
No. I’m serious. I’m never going to find another girl like you who likes me and is, you know, real.
I prefer to think of myself as quirky.
I want to dedicate this number to a great gal who I’ve done wrong. (To the tune of the Four Tops song Bernadette) Bernadette, I am so sorry for trying to propose to you, Bernadette, you found it creepy but that’s just the kind of thing I do. I know now it was too soon to talk of love. It was just a crazy idea that came to me in my tub. But, Bernadette, give me one more chance, sweet Bernadette, I’ll get the hang of this thing they call romance, sweet Bernadette, I dream to once again kiss your lips, sweet Bernadette. Sincerely yours, Howard Wolowitz, Bernadette…
Ah, there you have it, gentlemen. Our entire dinner unpacked by robot.
That, dear lady, is the Wolowitz Programmable Hand, designed for extravehicular repairs on the International Space Station.
Okay, here we go. Passing the soy sauce. Put out your hand.
You kidding? They still think it’s in a secure locker at JPL.
Borrowed. The trick is to carry it out to your car like you own it.
Raj and I entered Sheldon’s information on a dating site, and it spit out Amy Farrah Fowler.
I’m guessing that future historians will condemn us for not taking this opportunity to kill Sheldon.
Oh, God, that feels so good. Yeah, that’s the spot. Oh, baby.
I’ll eat later. I’m busy! Oh, yeah. Just like a real hand. Hmm.
Please, before my mother walks in, just get this off me!
No, no! Don’t touch, the program is paused.
No, no! I loaded the wrong program. The hand thinks it’s holding a screwdriver in outer space. If you continue the program, it’s gonna start twisting.
Okay, I can’t believe this needs to be said out loud. No pulling, no saws, no torches.
Yes, but that’s not the point! Get me out of here.
You think you could be a little more discreet?
No, you see, it’s more complicated than that. (Nurse switches off computer) No, wait! (The hand lets go) Winnie the Pooh is out of the honey tree.
Did you hear about the accident at the bio lab?
They were injecting rats with radioactive isotopes and one of the techs got bit.
No, he got five stitches and a tetanus shot.
First of all, if we had superpowers, I wouldn’t be the sidekick. You’d be the sidekick.
Leonard, settle this. Of the two of us, who’s the obvious sidekick?
Let me ask you a question. What are you most afraid of?
No. Something very specific that we both know you, Rajesh Koothrappali, are terrified of.
A jar with a big spider in it, of course. Bravery test. First one to take his hand out is the sidekick.
Oh, really? What if the earth was in danger and the only way to save it was to stick your hand in a jar with a spider?
Oh, come on. That’s never gonna happen. Now put your hand in the jar or forever be revealed as my sidekick.
How did you get so brave all of a sudden?
Get it off! Get it off! Please, Raj! Ah! Ah! Ah! Please. Oh!
That’s for a footrace. If you want to race, we have to go outside.
Oh, for crying out loud. What kind of superhero needs a jacket?
I’m legally obligated to inform you that I took a karate lesson when I was 11. I’d be a regular ninja by now if my mom could’ve arranged a carpool.
If anybody’s going to go down, it’s going to be you.
I prefer to think that I can’t lose.
You pathetic fool! If there were a rat-catcher, wouldn’t it catch Rat-Man?
Oh, and the science dudes want to talk science with you. What do you want to talk about, rocks, dinosaurs, our friend the beaver?
No, I know bullying. He left here unswirlied and his ass crack was underpants-free.
Uh, no, it’s an indictment of the American education system.
Switching it up from last year when we came as the Justice League of America.
He is the only person we know with actual muscles.
Yeah, she seems happier. Why wouldn’t we be?
She and her lab team are under quarantine. Seems at the Christmas party they were doing Jell-O shots out of petri dishes that used to contain yellow fever.
I had to walk. I couldn’t get Raj on the back of my scooter.
Relax. No one’s going to be looking at her hair. Ow! I mean, ow.
Okay, I guess we just go without a Wonder Woman.
No, we can still make this work. Leonard, you talk to Penny.
You got her to have sex with you. Obviously, your superpower is brainwashing.
Check it out. Those guys are breaking into that car.
Ma, Ma, calm down. Listen to me. I know it says click with the mouse, but on a laptop, the trackpad is the mouse. Now, put your finger on it. Doesn’t matter which finger. Good choice. Now move it down to your e-mail icon. Yeah, the little envelope. What do you mean, what does it look like? It looks like an envelope! Fine, you don’t like the computer, don’t use it! Sure, we can exchange it for a salad spinner. Good-bye!
A few extra bucks would be nice. I could finally move out of my mother’s house.
I always dreamed about building a little place of my own over the garage.
Sheldon, I don’t think Penny cares about handwriting-recognition based differential…
Well, hang on. Let’s see where he’s going.
Why am I listed as your executive assistant?
So right now, this button-press event is just triggering a dummy procedure call…
Like I was saying, right now it’s just a dummy procedure, but eventually, it will drop us into…
Again, right now it’s just a dummy procedure, but eventually, it will drop us into…
It means after we play handball, I’m showering at home.
Okay, let’s try this one. Spherical Hankel function.
No. It’s a little tricky. I’m gonna try having it pick up the libraries dynam…
Well, based on the fact that our potential market is about 70 or 80 guys, and you want a submarine, I’d say about a million dollars a pop.
Actually, I was thinking we could go straight to the room and take a nap.
We can watch it later on C-SPAN. Besides, I was really looking forward to you and me napping together in the hotel.
What could we do? He’s the Travel Supervisor.
That green bag is Dr. Cooper’s. Here’s an extra five. Make him wait. Oh. Right to the nap, huh? Okay? Uh, so, this Glenn guy. You say you went out with him for, like, a year.
No. I guess not. What is he, like, six-four, six-five?
Probably has a hard time finding a suit that fits.
I’m just thinking. If you had sex with that guy, I mean, there’s nothing I can do here that will make any kind of impact.
Yeah, great, love you, too, but, if it were a contest, I wouldn’t have a chance, right?
Sorry. I just never figured that a guy like me going out with a girl like you would ever have to compete with a guy like that.
Interesting. I think what you might need to know about my colleague is that though she claims her field of interest is tiny organisms, she certainly has spent her fair share of time around what we can assume was pretty massive weaponry.
How would you feel if you met my ex-girlfriend and she was like Angelina Jolie?
What, I’m not hot enough for Angelina Jolie?
Look. Listen to this one. Does Einstein’s theory explain why time flies when you’re having fun, but when you’re listening to Dr. Cooper, it falls out of the sky, dead?
Apparently, if you’re Sheldon, all you need to do is turn your back.
Well, picture the Hindenburg meets Chernobyl meets Three Mile Island meets Tron 2.
Actually, we should all share the moment. Raj, if you would.
FYI, I think that’s what Darth Vader said just before he started building the Death Star.
Yeah, Leonard and I are fine, but I think Raj needs to meet a girl really soon.
I just got offered a fellowship at the Weitzmann Institute in Israel.
I know. The only thing is, I’m gonna be gone for two years.
That’s what we’re here to talk to you about. You see, Bernadette has needs.
So, while I’m gone, you’re going to have to satisfy her.
Shh, shh. Listen to me. I’m not gonna make it.
Raj, I don’t have time. Now, pay attention. My last wish is that you look after Bernadette.
You take this one. I spent an hour last night on how do vampires shave when they can’t see themselves in the mirror?
You’re thinking of 28 Days Later. 28 Days is where Sandra Bullock goes to rehab and puts the audience into an undead state
Why’s the president of the university slumming in the cafeteria?
Okay, let’s go smooch some rich, wrinkled tuckus.
Excuse me, my girlfriend doesn’t pick out my clothes. My mother does.
Hey, put your tie back in your pants.
I’m an engineer. Most engineers don’t bother with a PhD. But you may be interested to know I designed the zero-gravity waste-disposal system for NASA.
It was so much easier at my bar mitzvah. The old people just came up to you, pinched your cheek and handed you a savings bond.
Wait-wait-wait. Are you telling us that old lady wanted to have sex with you in exchange for giving your department millions of dollars?
I do sometimes get a bit carried away, don’t I?
This is perfect. I hope this moment never ends.
Well, I’d love to, but you know my mother needs me in the morning.
It’s not just the wig. It’s pinning her hair up, drawing on her eyebrows. It’s a two-person job.
Oh, honey, I’m sorry. What can I do?
Boy, I don’t know. You, me, Ma living under the same roof?
We wait for my mom’s heart to explode from all the salt she eats. Then we just stick her in the ground, flip her mattress and move into the big bedroom.
I’m not having this conversation with you, Ma!
That’s it. I don’t have to take this. Good luck with your eyebrows in the morning!
I’m still leaving! I just forgot my Claritin.
No, we agreed they all have their merits. This was about Bernadette.
There’s no room. His sister is staying with him.
Yeah, some work thing. Anyway, my mother seems to think that Bernadette…
I don’t know. A couple of days ago. The thing is, Bernadette doesn’t like that I have to take care of my mother, and my mother doesn’t trust Bernadette.
That’s very nice of you, but I made other plans.
Hey, Bernadette, can I talk to you for a second?
Listen, my mom’s going to Palm Springs to visit her sister. That’s two whole nights in a row I can sleep over with you all the way to morning. Unless the desert air dries out her sinuses, in which case I’ll have to schlep out there with the big humidifier.
Yep. I moved out of my mother’s house. Cord is cut. I’m all yours.
I don’t know. She hasn’t responded to my email yet.
I love you, too. So what’s for dinner?
That’s fine. Why don’t we go fool around in our bedroom? And then you can go shopping.
Yeah. You know what would make this moment perfect?
A little snack. You got any string cheese?
Not as good. You can’t make strings with it. Remind me to put it on your shopping list.
Better put it on the list. If you wash my underwear with regular soap, I get little red bumps on my tuchus.
Well, honey, it’s not gonna do itself. Oh, before I forget, tomorrow morning, you’re driving me to the dentist.
You don’t have to take me. You get to take me.
It’s not weird. There’s lots of kids there with their moms.
What? It’s fun. If I have no cavities, afterwards, we go out for a treat.
Whoa, whoa, whoa! Where did that come from?
Nobody wants to do that to you, Ma.
That’s got to be fun for you, huh? Watching Hofstadter suck the saliva out of your sister’s mouth?
Oh, please. That crazy bastard’s looking at quirky in the rearview mirror.
Raj, did you ever tell your sister about the time Sheldon got punched by Bill Gates?
Cheers. You realize that’s the first time we’ve ever done that without having to listen to Sheldon tell us why it’s called a toast?
I think it’s like Beetlejuice. We said his name too many times.
Hey, Raj, wanna see a new magic trick I’ve been working on?
Now spread them out on the table face down. Pick one, look at it.
Now remember your card, put it back in the deck.
Okay, October is the tenth month. So ten, one plus zero is one, plus six is seven. Turn over the seventh card.
A magician never reveals his secrets. But surely a future Nobel prize winner can figure it out.
You ever notice when he thinks real hard, it smells like bacon?
Oh, really? So how did I do it?
I thought you had more important things to think about.
So you finally getting used to them doing it on a daily basis?
Fine. Get another deck and I’ll do the trick with that.
And was your card the jack of diamonds?
You know, I have some remedial magic tricks that might be more your speed. Like, ooh, look! The pencil’s rubber!
I’d love to see that. How about you, Raj?
That’s pathetic. Let me show you how a real magician does it. Raj, take a card. Don’t let me see it.
Oh, that’s too bad. Figure out the magic trick yet?
Want me to tell you how to do it?
All right. (Raj looks over Sheldon’s shoulder. Holds two fingers over his heart). Two of hearts.
Whoever did this knew what they were doing. He got in and out of your account in under 15 minutes, transferred all your stuff, and didn’t leave a digital fingerprint.
Whoa! Somebody’s auctioning off a jewelled ostrich bridle!
All right, here we are, this is the tavern where all the black-market weapon trades go down.
Maybe if you stop dropping your sword and bending over to pick it up.
Redheaded troll, goes by the name of Glumly. According to the message boards, if you want to move stolen goods and it’s after school hours, he’s your guy.
Our troll just walked in! I got him!
So, how do you guys want to play this?
Nah, I think we have to be more subtle.
Yeah. No one can hide from me, not Waldo, not Carmen San Diego, not even topless Natalie Portman.
Thanks. Our culprit is one Mr. Todd Zarnecki, 2711 Ocean View Road, Carlsbad, California.
Yes, he does live with his parents. Here’s a Google Earth shot of their house.
Also, tonight’s the Sabbath and my mother and I have a tradition of lighting the candles and
I am. She’s just bleaching her moustache. Check it out. Hey, Ma! Before and After! Four words, 17 letters, two N’s, one V.
That’s the nicest thing he does to your sister.
New puzzle, Ma. Same name. One N, two D’s, three O’s.
I know. It’s her superpower. Well, that and jiggling her arm fat.
Next time we go to kick someone’s ass, we take the train.
This one’s funny, Leonard. How come you couldn’t make it work with her?
He said if he had woman parts, he’d eat for free the rest of his life.
Oh, he watches you from his car with high-powered binoculars.
I know! (Raj whispers to him) And he says he’s not gonna stop. (Raj whispers to him urgently) Then see a shrink and figure out how to talk to women.
He’s just expressing his admiration that you don’t even have to put out to get free stuff.
I say we just take him to Tatooine and sell him to some Jawas.
Hmm? Oh, I’m sorry. I was somewhere else.
Yeah. I just need to figure out the right time to pop the question.
Hey, everybody, I got something I want to ask Bernadette, and I can’t think of a better time than when I’m with all my friends.
I know things haven’t been perfect with us, and we’ve had our problems, but I just have to tell you, from the moment I…
That’s interesting. Can you just switch restaurants like that, Priya?
Then the studio must have real faith in it.
I’m not going to help you. This is hilarious.
Okay, I’m still trying to work this out. How did Penny meet an astronaut?
I’m not grilling you, I was just curious.
It’s nice to have another couple to hang with, isn’t it?
Nice to see that the gals are getting along.
Okay, well, it’s getting late. This was terrific. You win. Bernie?
Nice. Okay, rook to transporter pad. And he comes out at Leonard’s Queen’s Bishop
Nothing soothes those pre-wedding jitters like the thought of falling and drowning.
I was thinking of weaving it into her eulogy.
Hey, have you told your parents you’re dating this short glass of skim milk here?
Right, right, whereas Jewish mothers take a casual, la-di-da approach to their sons.
Bernadette and my mother are having a get-to-know-you lunch at the Old Town Deli.
Hope so. Of course, if history is any indication, my mother will swallow her whole and spit out her bones like an owl.
You mean Adolf and Eva? Not yet. One goose step at a time.
Besides food, did you get along? Did you talk?
Yeah, that’s probably it. So, what do you think? Do you like her? She’s great, huh?
That’s good to hear, ’cause I’ve got some news.
Bernadette and I are getting married. Ma? You too busy bearing down? Ma? (crashing sound from in bathroom) Oh, my God, Ma? Ma? Ma? Stand back, I’m gonna break the door down! (Runs at door. It doesn’t break down. Falls over.) Son of a bitch! Ma, help!
So I knocked down the bathroom door, picked up my poor unconscious mother, carried her to the car, and drove like a madman to the emergency room.
No, I did what any son would do.
I was filled with adrenaline. It happens to be how women lift cars off babies.
What can I tell you? After I found the courage to put her pants back on, I was unstoppable.
They’re running tests. I don’t know. It may have been a heart attack or heart-attack-like event.
My family is the history of heart disease. There’s a cave painting in France of one of my ancestors doing this (clutches chest).
Well, maybe. Mom also had just gotten some news that might have upset her.
What you’ve got to keep in mind is that ever since my dad left, I’ve been the whole world to my mother. I mean, she’d be threatened by any woman who can give me what she can’t.
Well, when you say it like that you make it sound creepy.
Bernie, it’s not you. She’s just set in her ways.
It’s the circle of life, sweetie. One day our son will marry someone and it will kill you.
Sheldon, my mother is on her deathbed and my fiancée is grief-stricken over putting her there. I’m not taking you home.
Jews have been asking that for centuries. There’s no real good answer.
Don’t worry, you’ll be fine. Let’s just hide Mr. Cross. If it touches her, it burns.
Is it just me, or does she sound sexy when she’s angry?
If you skip the part about being under a two-week quarantine because you were exposed to a deadly disease, absolutely.
You gotta like this, the girlfriend and the ex-girlfriend bonding over your rooty-tooty stinky booty.
Please, this isn’t about me. I’m proud of you.
Better than what you’ve got a buttload of.
Sure, but I’m going out with Bernadette. It’ll just be you and my mother.
I don’t know, she’s pretty feisty since they put her on hormone-replacement therapy.
Yeah, ha-ha. First of all, I’m not threatened by my fiancée’s success. I’m proud of her. And secondly, I have my own career.
So do you know what kind of research you’ll be doing at this pharmaceutical company?
You bought me a Rolex? How much did this cost?
I’ve been up all night. I had a fight with Bernadette.
What do you do in the potty, wee-wee?
Raj, do you have any questions for Amy?
Think about it, Raj. Where did the movie Rocky take place?
Oh, he’s an ass when he doesn’t. You just don’t hear it.
I do this for my mom all the time. See? With the grain.
And someday, when you have varicose veins, I’ll show you how to massage them.
The highlight of the evening was when you showed us your Bollywood break dancing skills. (Does a stereotyped impersonation of Bollywood dancing.)
Women, huh? Can’t live with them, can’t successfully refute their hypotheses.
Oh, I thought you were just making a generalization, you know, I’m worried about Sheldon someday setting off a low-yield nuclear device because the cafeteria ran out of lime Jell-O.
You should lend him your copy of Bombay Badonkadonks.
Hey. Aren’t you going to introduce us to your little friend?
Okay, I get it. We’re worried about Sheldon.
Oh, not since we broke up. Wow. How am I going to play this? Sophisticated and relaxed? Friendly, noncommittal? Cold and distant? (Hides under table).
Why are you in bed with me? If we start to question this, it all falls apart.
Maybe it committed suicide! Leave me alone! Now, where were we?
And with that mental picture, I think we’re done for the evening.
It was the kind of thing that makes it kind of hard to face her now.
Now, you see, I don’t know if you’re kidding or not.
Okay, what if he buys his own desk?
Would you have opened the door if you knew it was me?
I just have a question. Does Bernadette ever talk about me?
Let me ask you something else. Is she seeing anybody?
Well, did you know that the characters in the game can have sex with each other?
Her name was Glissinda the Troll. Bernadette walked in on me while we were doing the cyber-nasty under the Bridge of Souls.
Bernadette. She was so mad at me, she wouldn’t even listen to my side of the story.
Well, for all we know, Glissinda the Troll wasn’t even a real woman. I mean, she could’ve been a 50-year-old truck driver in New Jersey.
Will you talk to her, see if there’s any chance at all we could get back together?
No. Why would you? I’m just another lonely nerd, living with his mother, trying to find any scrap of happiness he can. You know, maybe to make up for the fact that his dad left him when he was 11.
You know, I’ve always blamed myself for him leaving. I always thought it was because I wasn’t the son he wanted.
I wasn’t athletic, yeah, I was kind of sickly.
Oh, no, that’s okay. How have you been?
Same. I took a scuba-diving course over the summer, but it turns out I’m terrified of the ocean.
You wouldn’t know anybody who wants to buy a wet suit, boy’s large? Yeah, forget it. Not important. So, are you seeing anyone?
Well, you know how it is with guys. I mean, we have needs and…
Okay, fine. I’ll admit, there are dark, sordid little corners of the Internet where the name Wolowizard is whispered in hushed tones. But the only reason I go there, the only reason I’ve ever gone there is because I don’t have a real woman in my life. You happy?
Yeah, but we weren’t, I-I mean, you and I never…
What do you mean, whose fault was that?
I didn’t think you wanted me to make the move.
Yeah, we had a really great talk, and we’re gonna start seeing each other again.
The greasy old fat guy in Facilities Management?
Yeah. I think I’m gonna take her to miniature golf.
Short jokes? Really? You’re, like, a quarter of an inch taller than me.
No, you don’t. It’s me. The lusty charmer with the fancy patter and the hoochie pants.
Oh, hey. I hope you didn’t hear that.
What’s with the T-shirt? You working at the Apple store now?
I know all your shirts. That’s not one of them. You were pretending to work at the Genius Bar to pick up women, weren’t you?
Just FYI, don’t try to go back with a fake moustache. I mean, they may not really be geniuses, but they see right through that.
Why the hell would you cross Ebola with the common cold?
Come on, just give her a chance. Maybe she’ll grow on you.
Seriously? I was once robbed by a pre-op transsexual I met on J-Date, and that didn’t even crack my top ten.
This is the worst cobbler I’ve ever eaten. I mean it tastes like it was made of actual ground-up shoemaker.
Okay, forget who’s hotter. The first time Priya came to LA, Leonard and I made a pact out of respect to our friendship, and to you, that neither of us would hit on her.
So, you got any special plans with your sister?
Yeah, I just wanna put it out there in case I inadvertently squirt any pheromones in your direction. Happy? (Raj nods).
Really, you, and where, where did you go?
Yeah, well, Raj, I just want to say that I’d never betray your trust. Unlike Leonard, I respect you.
Hey, I didn’t see you giving back your Snoopy snowcone maker.
And as long as we’re talking about betraying our friends, how about the month Sheldon spent grinding up insects and mixing them into Leonard’s food.
Thankyou, and I’m sorry about your phone. And Thanksgiving. And while we’re at it, you don’t have to wash our clothes on the fourth of July.
Good news. I made it onto the team for the new Defence Department laser-equipped surveillance satellite.
Thanks. Listen, I have to get a security clearance, so you guys might be hearing from the FBI.
They’re just doing a background check on me.
Hey, buddies. Guess who didn’t get security clearance to work on the giant space laser?
Apparently, the background interviews didn’t go well. You guys wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?
I see. Well, it’s good to know, when I need you guys, I can always count on you to step up and ruin everything.
Are you kidding me? You’ve set my career back at least two years, and you think you can make it right with I’m sorry?
Oh. Sheldon, you can’t fix this with gifts.
I got to tell you, Sheldon, I understand why you chose this spot. I mean, the temperature is good, but there’s no draft. I can see the television, but I can still talk to…
Maybe he took a class at the adult bookstore. That’s how I learned.
Penny, if you think this is good, you should come with us Friday to see it on the big screen at the Colonial.
Uh-huh. I’m guessing 21 seconds had something to do with that, too.
You know, if we miss it, we’ll have the fun of listening to Sheldon whine about it for the rest of our lives.
Actually, I’m not. I’m using sarcasm to mock you.
So. Are you sure you don’t want to come with us to Raiders?
Too bad you don’t have a stadium pal like me.
Let me put it this way, takes care of the bathroom problem, and it keeps your calf warm.
Where did he go? (Raj whistles) We’re looking for Sheldon, not Marmaduke.
Let’s see you run with a bag of urine strapped to your leg.
You want to talk brave, how about Captain America’s undocumented Mexican gardener?
How about the guy who gets a prostate exam from Wolverine?
Don’t be oversensitive. He’s calling you illiterate, not your race.
Actually, Indian Monopoly’s just like regular, except the money’s in Rupees, instead of hotels you build call centers, and when you pick a chance card, you might die of dysentery. Just FYI, that was racist.
Is it possible that she was going for your cheek and you moved and she accidentally got lip? That happens with me and my mom all the time.
Yeah. This man is not my father. I’m being held hostage. So I’m going to do something insane in the hopes that you’ll call 911.
Ah, this takes me back. Leonard obsessing about Penny. I mean, don’t get me wrong, I love your new stuff, but once in a while it’s nice to hear the hits.
How could that be a miss? C-6 was a hit, C-8 was a hit. Part of your starship has to be on C-7.
What kind of spaceship has a hole in the middle?
Oh, great, you made it. Come on in. I invited her.
It’s in Hawaii, but Raj controls it from here. He’s hoping to see Epsilon Eridani dim, which would be evidence of a planet orbiting it.
I did it with you when we rented The Notebook. (Raj whispers) Yes, Gena Rowlands is a treasure. You’d better open up that bottle of wine or I’m gonna end up with swimmer’s ear.
What? Galileo did his best work while drinking wine.
Well, he was Italian. It’s a reasonable assumption.
Oh, I, I’m sorry, Galileo drank diet sprite. Look, you’re my best friend, she’s my girlfriend, you should bond. You know, like you and my mom did.
Yes, but she’s stopped calling you slumdog millionaire.
Well I’d like to propose a toast. To science and friendship.
Three, four, five, pass go, get 2,000 Rupees, Six, seven, whoops. Can’t go any further. There’s a sacred cow in my way.
It might have been a mistake to open that second bottle of wine.
What about that hook-up at Comic-Con you told me about?
Hey, if I wasn’t engaged to Bernadette, that totally could have been me.
Maybe he was too busy writing clumsy penis metaphors about my fiancee.
Let it go, Sheldon. I’ll get you a Jamba Juice on the way home.
What are you going to do in Nebraska?
It’s amazing people keep coming to comic book stores instead of just downloading comics digitally.
Oh, that reminds me, I get fresh sheets tonight. Yay.
A new one? Unbelievable. They just keep making up more cheesy monsters, slapping them on cards and selling them at 25 bucks a pop. It’s like a secret tax on guys who can’t get laid.
Wild West and Witches? What kind of loser cares about a showdown between Billy the Kid and the White Wizard of the North?
What? Please! This is Billy the Kid we’re talking about. I mean, the wizard would get shot between the eyes before he could ever get out the words, what the hell is Billy the Kid doing in the mystic realm of Ka’a?
We’re not wearing cowboy hats, Sheldon. It looks ridiculous.
Wait a minute. Are you telling me that Sheldon’s patented blend of condescension and no sex isn’t enough to hold on to a woman?
Oh, yeah. Now he’s gonna miss all those great updates like, I can’t believe I waited this long to make my own potpourri.
Here’s a radical thought. Go old-school, challenge Stuart to a fight. I mean, nothing makes the ladies hotter than two skinny white guys swatting at each other with their eyes closed.
That’s quite a list. I can’t read your handwriting, what’s that word?
How about that? After all these years, your big bad high school bully finally apologizes.
Completely empty box. If you’d like to examine it?
Little snarky there, cello lessons. And we have this completely ordinary cylinder. If you’d like to examine it?
As I was saying, empty box, empty cylinder, and, ooh, voila. (Pulls out a goldfish in a jar)
Don’t be so hard on him. It’s natural to be a little cranky when you have a quarter in your ear!
Yeah. I started when I was a teenager. I thought I could show a girl a few tricks and invite her up to my bedroom to see the rest of the act.
Ah, let’s just say the only wand that ever saw any action was this one. Oh, look what my mom made us for the act.
Well, she cut up one of her old bathing suits. She made these two vests and half a dozen napkins.
She’s not stacked like you, Ma! She never steps on hers!
You’ll do fine. Hand me those rings? See? You nailed it.
Well, that’s because you haven’t been around them much. This is good practice. I mean, you are gonna be a mom someday, right?
Oh-ho-ho! I haven’t seen this trick in years. It’s called the dove pan. You let everyone see the pan is empty, but there’s a secret compartment in the lid. And then you open it and produce a live… Don’t look in there.
And now, all the rings are magically linked together. My fiancee’s wearing a magic ring, too. It made all my money disappear.
Okay. Okay. Now, my lovely assistant is going to bring me an ordinary pitcher of milk.
Okay, we’re going to roll up this newspaper.
Okay, we’re going to stick this in here (puts newspaper into trouser waistband) and then I’m going to pour in the milk. I hope this works, because I didn’t bring a change of pants.
She’s just kidding, boys and girls. Everyone gets cake.
Just give me the pitcher. Behold! Wrong pitcher.
Yes, you did. Oh, I think my crotch is starting to curdle.
All right, settle down. Red light. Red light, red light! Okay, we’re fine.
Yeah, no, we all got that. But don’t you think it’ll be different when the child is ours?
I’m still trying to wrap my mind around it. I always thought I’d be a dad someday.
Yeah, she doesn’t like them. And from what I saw, the feeling was mutual.
I don’t know. I can’t see a life where I don’t have kids. I mean, people have kids. I mean, even Donkey Kong had Donkey Kong Jr. So he could teach someone how to kidnap princesses and throw barrels at Italian plumbers.
Maybe me and Bernadette aren’t right for each other.
I don’t want to, but this is kind of a deal breaker.
Huh, it’ll kill her. On the other hand, if I don’t give her grandchildren, that’ll kill her, too. So, either way, on the Mom front, I’m golden.
You should keep it. You could wear it again sometime.
Don’t worry, Ma. I will, as soon as I can figure out a way to bring up such a sensitive issue!
I was upset. My mom can be a pretty good shoulder to cry on, if the smell of Bengay doesn’t burn your eyes.
I would love that. But what is that behind your ear? Oh, look, it’s a condom.
Well, more to the point, why are you doing this?
I’m surprised to see you here after it went so badly with Penny.
Leonard knows what he wants, but it looks like he’s not gonna get it from you.
Look at that. There’s finally a woman in your life you can talk to.
This is going right into my synagogue’s newsletter.
I don’t get to pick it. The other guys have to give it to me.
Are you not listening to me? The other astronauts have to give you your nickname.
I got pretty exciting NASA news today. Next week I fly to Houston for orientation and zero-gravity elimination drills.
Absolutely. But when Ma’s hips give out, you’re up, kid.
Yeah, terrific. The other astronauts would love to go hurtling through space with a guy named Crash.
Yeah, it’s great, but I told you, I don’t get to pick my nickname. It has to come from the other astronauts.
All right, test my ring tone. That really is a good song.
Ma, I told you I have a video conference with NASA. I said don’t bother me!
Yes, please listen to Mr. Big Shot Astronaut. Hey, good morning.
Mass. That’s a cool nickname. ‘Cause force equals mass times acceleration.
Yeah, my ring tone. Kind of my favourite song, Rocket Man.
I haven’t seen him laugh that hard since the day Leonard made that multiplication error.
How about Florida? They’ve got Cape Canaveral, they’ve got Disney, they’ve got my Aunt Ida and the world’s largest collection of diabetic candy. Plus, if you get sweaty enough, her plastic-covered furniture is like a flume ride.
I don’t think I could ever let a guy give me a massage.
I don’t think you have a good handle on dictatorships.
Everyone in the world of science knows who Richard Feynman was.
Check it out. Look at the size of that Rice Krispie Treat. Same price.
I know, it’s not on my wedding diet. I don’t care.
You know what, it’s not a big deal. She makes more money than me. She wants to protect her financial interests. It’s completely reasonable.
Yeah, actually, it’s good for both of us. I have assets to protect, too.
I’ve got some rare comic books. The Vespa’s almost paid off. And Ma and I have a primo double cemetery plot at Mt. Sinai right near the guy who played Mr. Roper on Three’s Company.
No. I’m not mad at you. I just wish you would have come to me, so I didn’t have to hear it through the nerd-vine.
You really want me to sign a pre-nup?
Why don’t I talk to your dad, man-to-man?
Got it, got it. Will you e-mail me that list?
You know, this isn’t that pressing. Why don’t I talk to him about it in May.
I guess. Still, it’s a shame Professor Rothman was forced to step down.
It’s the 21st century. You can’t have a duel.
Why don’t you just turn up the thermostat?
The growing realization that you are one wacky bastard? Yep.
Yeah, but it’s from NASA, so it’s oh eight hundred.
You know what does have an oh in front of it? Oh, my God, I’m an astronaut, and you’re dying of jealousy.
Quick question here, have we actually changed the conversation from I’m going
Oh, wow, where do I even start? I got to experience zero gravity.
It’s pretty neat. You get in this plane that goes almost straight up for, like, 20 seconds, and then straight back down like it’s going to crash, and they do it over and over again, you know, no matter how many times you throw up.
Yeah, and the craziest part is, because there’s no gravity, the throw-up kind of floats there, in a little ball, and if your mouth is open because you’re screaming, sometimes it just floats right back in. Boy, does everyone laugh at you when that happens.
No. Yeah, I would have laughed, too, but I didn’t want the vomit to come back out. Anyway, oh, could you do me a favour and overnight me some more underwear?
I got a look at the centrifuge they’re going to spin me around in tomorrow, and I have a hunch I packed a little light.
We did overnight survival training in the wilderness. Big fun. Big, big fun. I was gonna freshen up for you but I blacked out a little on the way to the bathroom.
Uh-huh. Except you don’t have food or water, and they don’t have a sunset Sabbath service like they do at Camp Hess-Kramer.
No. I slept in a hole I dug in the ground with my bare hands. And at some point during the night, an armadillo crawled in and spooned me.
But I did it. I survived. I wasn’t sure I was going to when the sandstorm hit. I just pulled my turtleneck up over my head and waited for death. But somehow as I sat there, wrapped in a cocoon of my own neck-sweat, I found that primal part of the human spirit that just wants to keep on living, no matter what the cost.
I ate a butterfly. It was so small and beautiful, but I was so hungry.
No, I don’t think it’s possible. I’m severely dehydrated. My pee is like toothpaste.
Thanks, honey, but I can’t quit. If I do, I’ll just be a guy who had a chance to be an astronaut and gave it up.
Don’t worry, once she falls asleep, I’ll spoon you like an armadillo.
You’re about to walk up three flights of stairs.
Turn off our phones so our moms can’t call.
They called the cops because of the smell. They thought we were dead.
Look, if you don’t want to go to the party, just don’t go. You’re a grown man. Act like one. Tell Amy you want to spend the weekend having a sleepover and playing video games with your friends. Maybe she’ll dig it. Women like a firm hand on the tiller.
Now, I downloaded an app that might be helpful in this situation. (Phone makes whip sound)
No. Bernadette’s going to be playing with us. So, that’s pretty cool, huh? Right? Sure it is, yeah.
I had no choice. Last night, she said, why don’t we go out for brunch tomorrow and then maybe the Arboretum. And I said, well, no, I promised the guys I was going to play a video game with them all weekend. And she said, that sounds like fun, can I come, too? And then I didn’t answer for a second, and then she said, well, do you not want me to come? And then I bought her a new laptop and the game, and she’s parking the car right now.
But I worked hard to get this armour.
That’s my ride, got to go. (Whip sound)
Pretty sweet, huh? This little baby set the university back 175 grand.
Thank you. How’s it going with the long-distance love affair?
When you say making it work, does that include doing the cyber nasty?
You know, the virtual pickle tickle. The digital bow-chicka-bow-bow.
Hey, Leonard jiggling his junk at her through a webcam has got to be easier for you to deal with than him actually touching her with it.
Are you insane? With high-speed Internet, you have at your fingertips the greatest advancement in the field of sex since the invention of the washcloth.
Well, if you don’t, you’re gonna lose Priya to some fancy guy in a turban who grew up with Kama Sutra coloring books.
What? You’re having trouble with the long-distance lovemaking. This is your answer. There are two interfaces that simulate a human mouth. You have one, Priya has one in India. When you move your lips and tongue on yours, it transmits exactly what you’re doing to hers. See? Internet kissing. (Howard kisses device) Give it a try.
Almost. Really get your tongue in there, to activate the motion sensor.
Why do you have to make everything weird?
Hey, Raj, you didn’t send your RSVP in. I’m supposed to ask you if you’re bringing someone to the wedding.
Well, can you make it soon. There’s a battle royale going on over the seating charts. In one corner, Bernadette’s mom, and the other three, mine.
Anyway, you gotta let me know if you have a plus one, because if not my mom’s trying to sneak in the doctor who sucked the fat out of her neck.
Hindus do the same thing. Except they leave room for a cow.
Yesterday you made fun of me for eating lox.
Well clearly you’ve never been to brunch with my cousins.
Yep, one sec. (Puts thing in mouth.) Ah, good. Ma would have killed me if she’d found out I’d broke my retainer.
Then why did she even go out with you?
Okay, well, so the reason that might sound crazy, is ’cause it’s crazy.
Well, yes. But my compromises are about which bedspread to buy, or whose turn it is to do the laundry, Bernadette’s or my mom’s.
Why don’t you tell your parents you want to try and find someone else, you know, maybe one who hasn’t slept with more women than you.
So you’re seriously thinking about marrying someone you’re never going to have sex with.
Well, actually we kind of agreed to disagree on that one, but we both think you shouldn’t marry this woman.
Her. We thought you two would hit it off.
So, I got the craziest e-mail this morning.
Believe me, I know. The e-mail I got was from the office of Stephen Hawking.
He’s coming to the university for a couple weeks to lecture, and he’s looking for an engineer to help maintain the equipment on his wheelchair.
I was actually thinking about bringing him along when I go over there so he can meet the great man.
Sheldon, I have a working understanding of physics.
No, you said, would it help if I said I’m sorry?
Sheldon, you’re a condescending jerk. Why on earth would I want to do something nice for you?
Have you met my mother? I live in Jewish hell.
Hang on. Are you saying the rest of us are dogs?
He even let me read a couple pages from his new book.
You don’t seem to be understanding the English word no. Maybe a different language will help. Russian, nyet. Chinese, bu. Japanese, iie. Klingon, qo. Binary coded Ascii, 0110111001101111.
That’s an interesting idea. Why don’t you give me a minute to talk it over with my friends?
Yeah, I know, I’m just trying to figure out how much I want to punish him.
But in exchange, I’d like you to do a few things for me.
Are you familiar with the 12 labours of Hercules?
Well, I thought I’d start you off by polishing my belt buckles.
Funny thing is, I only have one belt. Anyway, I’ll let you get started. Oh, by the way, the little marks, uh, that look like water spots, I tend to stand too close to the urinal, so what you’re seeing there is splash back.
Here is a black light to check them. And for your own peace of mind, you might not want to shine that around the rest of the room.
Sheldon, these look great. They’re like magnificent little crowns to hang over my magnificent little jewels. How’d you get them so shiny?
Way to go the extra mile. Your Mee-Maw would be proud.
Oh, my dear boy, no. Okay. Next, this is a sexy French maid costume I bought for Bernadette. I thought it might spice things up and get her to dust my room at the same time, but I was wrong and really wrong.
It’s not her fault. She’s getting hormone replacement therapy. Makes her crazy horny. Check this out, I got Sheldon to wear the French maid’s costume.
Hey, I gave you first crack at it.
He’s mean to me all the time. You’ve heard him tease me about not having a doctorate.
Oh, come on, the man torments me. I’m just letting him have a little taste of his own medicine.
Fine, I’ll just make him do a couple more things, then I’ll stop.
Oh, guys, I just remembered. I got you some Hawking souvenirs.
Gears and springs from his wheelchair. Pretty cool, huh?
Yeah, I made an adjustment on the motor drive and when I was putting it back together I could not for the life of me figure out where they went.
I should have sent you to the custom car cover place in Altadena. They have her pattern on file.
All right, Sheldon, there’s only one thing left I want you to do. Don’t worry, it’s an easy one.
No, about my job. I want you to tell me I’m good at what I do.
Well, then why are you always ripping on me?
I gave it to him three days ago. He was really impressed. He wants to meet you.
Kangaroo, uh, I’d be a Kanga-Jew. The first of my people to dunk a basketball.
Sounds like loads of fun, but I promised Bernadette no strippers.
What can I tell ya, I’m not into that stuff any more.
Actually, Barry, we’re not going to have strippers tonight.
Thank you for picking us up. There’s a warning, right there, on the scotch bottle. You cannot be operatin’ heavy machinery after you had a snootful of this, laddie!
Yeah, it was great. And low-key, like I promised. No hanky-panky, no strippers. Just the guys telling jokes.
How about you? Did you have a fun night? Yeah, we, uh, made gift bags, had wine, and then went online and saw this.
Okay, just to set the record straight, I didn’t hire the prostitute, she was a gift from him. Shame on you, Raj. That is not how we treat women in this country.
Hi, Bernie, it’s me again. Please call me back.
It’s not your fault, it’s mine. I did all that stuff, not you.
I don’t know what my next move is.
All right, well, could you at least give her a message?
Tell her I’m really sorry, and if she doesn’t want to marry me, I get it. But what I really want her to know is the guy that she’s disgusted by, is the guy that I’m disgusted by, too. But that guy doesn’t exist any more, he’s gone, and the reason is because of her. So, if this relationship is over, let her know that she made me a better man, and tell her thank you.
Couple things, but, you know, most of them happened overseas. I’ll tell you later.
Yes, yes, I’ve been doing my push-ups. I’m still stuck at nine, but that’s going all the way down with no one holding me.
Well, that’s it. My orders have been rescinded. I am officially no go to space.
Let me explain the difference between you and me. You watch Star Trek. I live it.
Make all the jokes you want, but there’s only one of us here brave enough to almost do what I almost did.
Hey, I was thinking. For our first dance at the wedding, what if we learn the final number from Dirty Dancing?
No, come on. How cool would that be? Me running into your arms, you lifting me up into the air.
Yeah, well, why wouldn’t I be? You know, I’m marrying the girl of my dreams, and I finally got my mother to agree not to come on our honeymoon. (Phone rings) Oh, hang on. Oh, it’s NASA. Wolowitz. Oh! Hi, Dave. What’s up? No kidding. Really? Well, that’s great news. Great, great news. All right, I’ll watch my e-mail for the details. Okay, talk soon.
It looks like I’m going into space after all.
Th-They did. But NASA really wants my telescope up on the space station, so they’re putting me on an earlier launch.
You’re right. I, I can’t go to space. I have to get married, and no one can say that’s not a good reason. I’ll call him back.
Well, too bad, you already did. It’s a done deal. Oh, well. But I forgive you.
But what about all the plans and the guests?
You’re right, he is! Your dad’s gonna be furious. There’s no way he’s gonna let us postpone this wedding. Well, we tried.
No. I, uh, I should talk to him, man to man.
Family pictures, or… holy crap, that’s a dead person.
How about that. Anyway, sir, I need to talk to you about something.
Nice story. Anyway, the reason I wanted to talk to you is NASA has moved up my launch to the International Space Station.
So, the date is going to conflict with me marrying your daughter. Now, I know what you’re going to say, I made a commitment to Bernadette and to your family and I’ve got a hell of a lot of nerve coming in here and demanding that we postpone this thing. Well, message heard and understood. Mission cancelled. Thank you.
I’m sorry, I didn’t know, is this going to… Well, I should sit… May I be seat… Well, I’ll just sit.
Oh, I am. And just so you know, I’d still be an astronaut, even if I didn’t go to space. I’ve got an I.D. Card and a NASA golf shirt.
But what about the wedding and all the money you put down for the reception?
All right, look, I’m gonna level with you. I’m terrified about going into space. What if I don’t make it back?
I changed my mind. I don’t want to do this.
Yeah, I’m a funny guy. I also have a hysterical bit planned for later where I pretend to cry through the whole launch.
Good! Good! Oh, quick question, I missed it in the briefing. How much urine do these suits hold?
No, it’s ’cause I live with my mom and she makes me Froot Loops.
Thanks, we decided to do it before the launch.
Not exactly. Listen, if you don’t mind, I’m not really up for chatting. I’m just going to sit here quietly and let my life flash before my eyes. That went really quick. Let me try it again.
Close your eyes. Put out your hand. I got you something special.
Okay, but I’m going to have to get it back from you so I can take it to the International Space Station. That way, when I come home, you will have a star that was actually in space.
Take that, every guy who’s ever bought you anything.
Really? Well, if you like it that much, then close your eyes and put out your hand.
No! When I eat Froot Loops, the other astronauts make fun of me!
I mean, we know it’s short notice, but we’d love you all to come with us.
Did you get down on one knee or were you already there?
I’m sorry, Ma… Bernadette. Ma… Burna… You’re ma Bernadette.
I got this. Excuse me, but is there any way you could squeeze us in? See, I’m an astronaut and I’m leaving for Russia on Sunday so I can take a Soyuz rocket to the International Space Station.
Uh, shouldn’t you guys be talking about space stuff instead of dogs?
You know, we could always drive to Vegas and get married.
I told you we are not recreating the wedding from The Sound of Music.
Okay, so we know we’re going to do it Sunday morning. Now we need to find a good place for the satellite to see us.
So, we have the where and the when, but we still need to figure out who’s going to do the ceremony.
There’s fuel leaking and we’re still going to go?
Hey, guys, before I forget, I got you a little groomsman present.
Fantastic Four, annual number three from 1965, in mint condition. The one where Mr. Fantastic and the Invisible Girl get married.
Okay, uh, fine. Bernie, I have to go pick up my mother. I’ll be right back.
She doesn’t want to sit in her dress and wrinkle it so I’m going to lay her down in the back of my neighbour’s van.
Okay, I’ll see you later, Ma… uh… lovely bride-to-be. I really got to watch that.
Ma, you want to move your chair over here so you can see?
You’ll fall through the roof before you fall off it.
Hey, from now on, she’s the only women who can yell at me! Until I met you, I couldn’t imagine spending my life with just one person. And now I can’t imagine spending one day of it without you.
All right, honey, if we’re gonna make the movie, we should go. (Raj stands) This may be hard for you to hear, but when I say honey, I mean my fiancée. (Raj whispers to him) Yeah, well, now it means her.
Fine. But next time, we get a sitter.
Can you believe grown men sit around and play with toy trains?
First of all, they’re not tricks, they’re illusions. And, secondly, when we get married, they’re all going up in the attic so you can have that closet for clothes.
Well, don’t think of it that way. Once we move in, it’ll be our house.
Why would she move out? It’s her house.
Why not? It’s a great house, plenty of room, and if we have kids, Mom’s there to help. You know, when she tells the Three Little Pigs story, she actually has hair on her chinny-chin-chin.
Don’t listen to her. Go to the movie theatre.
Yeah, well, I’m sorry I didn’t run it by you first.
The bugs only come here because you’re their queen! Listen, how about this. Before we make any kind of decision about where we live, we have a trial run. Stay here for a weekend, see what it’s like.
Sure she would. Ma, do you mind if Bernadette stays here this weekend?
Only when it’s fatty. Well, don’t be jealous, babe. Someday you’ll get to cut it for me.
Oh. Yeah, she sometimes has problems doing her business. Hang on. Ma, give up! Tonight’s not your night!
Come on, take a break! Bernadette needs to brush her teeth!
Oh, come on, honey. She’s just sitting in there reading a magazine. You can’t see anything. I go in all the time.
And we have splashdown. Wait here, I’m gonna go light a candle. And then we make passionate love.
Yes, it is, and you’re so pretty in the morning.
Oh, wow. So you guys are getting along?
Well, I guess I’ll cut these by myself.
Great. We spent five hours last night at Macy’s registering for gifts. Looks like I’m finally going to have that darling little earthenware asparagus dish I’ve always wanted.
You mean like playing nerd games with us and then taking a suspiciously long shower?
Really? So we’re playing Dungeons and Dragons, and we walk into a dungeon and see a dragon? Isn’t that a little on the nose?
Eat another pie, you’ll have your own bazongas.
Uh, I don’t want to show any more of your friends how I can fit in the booster seats.
Raj says it’s nice to meet you, too. She says she has to go back to her family, but Penny has her number if you want to text her and get together.
Maybe we should revisit your lonely fat guy plan.
No joke. Oh, she says she’s sorry she’s late.
Really? That’s the first thing you want to say?
Look, I don’t know the sign for opalescent.
She says, thank you, you have nice eyes, too.”
She doesn’t know what James Earl Jones sounds like.
It’s a funny story about a puppy. Just smile and laugh. Quick, quick, stop smiling.
The puppy died, it choked on a doll head. Sad face, sad face!
Look, pretty stars. This is her car. She hopes she can see you again sometime.
I speak sign language, I don’t read minds.
Yeah, but I’m a make out king. (She kisses Raj and gets into car)
You? I made you smooth. You were an idiot.
It might’ve been on your lips, but it was my kiss.
Here’s some other fun news on the Raj/Emily front. He gave her a pair of diamond earrings and leased her a car.
What the hell? The last time we went to the zoo, that son of a bitch made me buy him a churro.
And she got him to pay off all her credit cards.
He’s not going to listen, he’s in love.
Yeah, this is a bad idea. We should go.
Hey, Bernadette doesn’t mind where I get my motor running, as long as I park in the right garage.
Smart. Whisper so the deaf chick can’t hear you.
Right. Are you a gold digger or not? Oh, uh, something, something, who the something do you think you are? Mind your own something business and go something yourself. Oh, wait, I got this now.
Try throwing it in the microwave for a few seconds.
It gets better. Someone has to go up with the telescope as a payload specialist, and guess who that someone is.
It’s me, Sheldon. It’s me. I’m going up in space! Technically, I’m an astronaut.
Oh, well, it’s really cool. You fly to Moscow, they take you out to Kazakhstan, and then you get into a Russian Soyuz rocket which shoots you into a low earth orbit. Or just sits there on the launch pad because the Kazakhi mafia sold the rocket fuel on the black market.
Well, I mean, safe as it can be when it was built by the good folks who brought you Chernobyl.
I hope not too tired, because I’m feeling particularly masculine right now. All systems go, if you catch my drift.
All right, well, something’s obviously bugging you. What is it?
Oh, I get it. You’re worried about me. That is so sweet. You know, there’s a saying we have at NASA. What makes the right stuff so right is that it always comes home.
This isn’t the reaction I expected when I told you I was gonna be an astronaut.
Do you realize what a big deal this is? What an honour it is to be chosen to go into space?
I’m sorry. You’re right. Okay, let’s try this again. Bernadette, an opportunity has come up that impacts both of us, and I’d like to discuss it.
I’ve been offered a chance to go up to the International Space Station for three weeks. What are your thoughts on that?
Hey, we’re a team. So, what do you think?
Hey, my father abandoned me and my mother when I was 11. We never saw him again.
Change your mind about sex? I’m still mad, but I’ll do it.
What choice did I have? She went behind my back and turned my own mother against me.
I don’t know. If we’re going to get back together, she’s going to have to apologize and accept that I’m a grown man who can make his own decisions.
I was gonna tell her eventually, but you went behind my back.
If you’re gonna love me, you’re gonna have to love the whole package, the tenderhearted poet and the crazy daredevil.
Well, don’t say it if you’re not gonna mean it, ’cause I’m not just gonna stop with the space station. Yeah, I want to go to the Moon, I want to go to Mars. I want to take a one-man sub to the lowest depths of the ocean.
So, this spring, I get to go to the International Space Station.
Thanks, but I watch the Charlie Brown Christmas special every year, so I get the gist.
Nope. She says if I don’t back out she’s going to go on a hunger strike. It would take years before she’d be in any kind of danger, but still.
Yep, that’s the last Jew who did sit-ups. And look where it got him.
Oh, me? No. Thanks, I’m good. I’m really just trying not to burst into flames.
He says he’s having trouble dropping those last five pounds.
Come on, admit it. We got you, Sheldon.
We can’t beat him. He’s just too smart.
Did we just see you pick up a girl in a comic book store?
Well, I, I’m gonna see you at work in 12 hours, don’t you think it could have waited until then?
Whatever. (Takes his hand. Starts to be electrocuted) My… oh… it’s… (Clutches heart and collapses)
What would you like to talk about, Sheldon? Why do you hate us?
Please, we’re eating. Can we get that off the table and change the subject?
Oy. Bernadette keeps texting me pictures of Penny in bridesmaid dresses.
Why are they asking me about this stuff? What guy knows what a sweetheart neckline is? (Raj raises his hand)
What do you want us to do about it?
So, listen, guys, the reason he was up late is because he was taking care of Amy. She’s kind of upset.
Raj did it. And he says he would do it again. Okay, I’m sorry. You sent me the picture, I wasn’t thinking.
Well, hey, I’m usually pretty good at not blabbing. You tell me tons of stuff about these guys, and I never repeat it.
If we don’t start soon, George Lucas is going to change it again.
All right, Sheldon, your bird death ray is ready.
Ma, please. Everyone from NASA is listening to this phone call.
Okay, Ma, great talking to you. Gotta go. Well, space is ruined.
Hey, there’s my beautiful bride. Can you see me?
I’m amazing. I mean, this is even better than I dreamed. I look out the window, and it’s all so unbelievable.
Hey, look, this pen is floating. How crazy is that?
Okay, okay, I know you’re upset, but let me share something I’ve learned since I got here. You realize how small your problems are when you’re looking down on them from space. Now, come on, that’s got to make you feel better.
Hey, Ma. You know, we could see each other if you turn on the computer.
Okay, here it is. Bernadette and I are starting a life together and…
Stop it, Ma. I’m sure I can get Bernie to come around.
Hey, I’m a grown man. I’m gonna live with my wife. My mother’s just gonna have to learn to make do on her own.
Who can tell? She yells everything. She might have been upset. She might have been hungry.
I love you, too. Sweet dreams. I’ll talk to you tomorrow?
Not me. I’m having dinner with Bernadette and her parents.
It’s torture. Especially with her dad. We have nothing in common.
Thanks, Sheldon. I’ll try that with my father-in-law.
Good. Fine is good. How you liking retirement?
I’m sensing a theme. You ever really think about the Spider-Man theme song? How’s that dinner coming?
Death by chicken. That’s a pretty fowl way to go.
So, Mrs. Rostenkowski, you took that trip to the Grand Canyon. How was it?
Had no idea you were the chatty one.
Took the words right out of my mouth.
Sure. I can hear it in your voice.
You know, I hadn’t thought of that. (To Bernadette, whispering) Help me.
No, no. We know each other well enough. He’s been talking my ear off all night.
Well, hang on a second, Bernie. Next weekend, we have that thing.
I’ve never even been fishing. This is gonna be a disaster.
Do either of you guys know how to fish?
Come on, we must know somebody who can do manly stuff like this.
I don’t know, for them to die of natural causes.
Fine. Sorry, Mr. Worm. Sherm. Sherm the Worm.
Yeah, well, my quality father-son time was spending my adolescence looking out the window waiting for my dad to come back someday.
Hi-ho, hi-ho, it’s off to fish we go.
No good? The guy at the sporting goods store said these are what fishermen wear.
Wish I had known that before I posted all those pictures on Facebook.
Sir, I’m flattered that you invited me, and I really want you to like me, but I don’t think this trip is the way to do it. And I can’t return these things if there’s chunks of duck all over them.
Really? Your wife makes you do stuff? You’re a big, scary cop.
So, what do we do now? They expect us to go away for the weekend.
No, but I’m not a stranger to dice games. I was the Temple Beth-El Hebrew School Yahtzee champion.
Okay. Oh, boy, we’re just married to a couple of ballbusters, huh, Mike?
But I have to go. We play as a group. If-if I’m not there, then everyone will blame you. They’ll be all, Bernadette ruined everything. She’s the worst. So, you see? I have to play Dungeons and Dragons for the marriage.
I follow the ogre tracks, checking for secret doors along the way.
Okay, guys, let’s make a plan, spell casters in the back, warriors in the front.
Excuse me, I’m a married man now. I wasn’t going to say anything so juvenile.
I walk up to the large chest, bury my face in it and go “blublublublublublublublu”
Never heard of it. Must be the one Christmas song not written by a Jewish guy.
Great. Let’s do it. (They pick up bells and play according to the numbers. The tune is Jingle Bells)
Yes, we found Santa. Christmas is saved. Don’t ever tell my mother I said that.
You look like my little cousin when he’s dropping one in his diaper.
Huh. I just got called in to Human Resources.
Do you really think you should be drinking right now?
Wait, you got called in, too? What is going on?
Relax. Everything’s gonna be fine. Before I met Bernadette I was in here every other day. Uh, little tip, turn off your I Like Big Butts ringtone before you go in.
Hey, Janine. How are Tom and the kids?
That is not true. All I did was build a robot.
I’m sorry, I’m a feminist, I don’t notice things like how many breasts a robot has.
Look, Leonard, there’s a bridge. Drive off it.
We’ve got our costumes in the trunk. We could go there and have a little photo shoot.
So what’s our first pose going to be?
Oh, my God. Leonard, someone’s stealing your car!
Good idea. Why don’t you get started on that?
I wish my mom was here. We could all hang out in her shadow.
Okay, I just talked to my mom. She arranged for us to get a rental car.
Maybe Thor’s Hammer is a new colour of nail polish.
Leonard, you can get a little asthma inhaler.
Well, I wanted everybody to know I love my wife. And nobody to know I forgot to turn off the laser.
Easy. His family’s loaded, and Bernadette has a great job. My wife came with both fun bags and money bags.
I can’t believe I wasted all that money.
Get that waste of money out of my face.
And we can make stuff we need for work with it. Prototypes of my CAD/CAM designs, specialized tools…
Do you realize, by owning a 3-D printer, we are reclaiming the manufacturing process and taking jobs back from sweatshops in China?
Amazing. You realize these things go for 25 cents a pop at a party store.
Okay, give me a superhero pose, and I will scan you into the computer for your action figure.
Stop holding your stomach in. I’ll give you a six-pack with the computer.
All right, you can suck it in a little bit.
Oh, good, you’re home. Got a little surprise for you.
I know, right? And, thanks to photographs and a little 3-D modeling, here comes the bride.
Didn’t cost a thing. I made them myself.
Koothrappali and I bought a used 3-D printer for $5,000.
Not just for a couple of dolls. For as many dolls as we want. And whistles.
What are you talking about? We make plenty of money.
Yes, but we’re married now. That means, when you get sick, I take care of you. And when you make a bunch of money, I get to buy stuff. Sorry if you don’t like it, but that’s how love works.
Yes. And can you please make that out to Bernadette? I was taken off the joint account until I learn the value of money.
Nah, I blew my food allowance on Pokemon cards.
It’s my suitcase. I lent it to you two years ago.
No, just me, her and a couple of the big wigs. It’s part of a bonus she got.
Not exactly. They spent a ton of money developing this dandruff medication that had the side effect of horrible anal leakage.
Anyway, it was Bernie’s idea to rebrand the stuff as a cure for constipation.
My mom’s been kind of an emotional wreck since that dentist she was dating dumped her.
She’s huge. It was funny. Anyway, I was just hoping that maybe you could check in on her tomorrow night and make sure she’s doing okay.
Yeah, tell me if this sounds familiar. You pay fifteen dollars to park, you stand on the pavement for an hour until you break down and give the bouncer twenty bucks to let you in. You push your way to the bar, where you drink an eighteen dollar cosmopolitan, then you stare at a pretty girl and imagine your perfect life together. Your children, grandchildren. Meanwhile, she leaves with a guy who claims he wrote Beverly Hills Chihuahua. Then you give up on anyone ever loving you, go to Marie Callender’s, buy a pie and eat it in your car in the parking lot.
Hey. How’d it go last night with my mom?
Okay, Raj, listen to me. You need to get out of there.
If you don’t leave now, she’ll use food and guilt to keep you there for the rest of your life.
Trust me, you’re not Jewish. That’s how they get you.
Oh, really? Where are your clothes and your shoes?
What were we thinking? We should have just done it the regular way.
Honestly, if I could bend that far, what would I need with you?
Hey, you wanted a woman in your life. Now you got one.
Gee, I wish I could tell you no. All right, well, thanks again for helping me out.
It’s too late. We’ll see him at his Bar Mitzvah.
Bernie’s a little cranky since she’s been working, like, 17 hours a day. And I’ve got a lot on my plate, too, because I’ve been busting my tail playing Assassin’s Creed.
Yeah, one second. Come here. I want to show you something.
Well, I was trying to come up with something really romantic to give Bernadette for Valentine’s Day since she’s been such a pain in the ass.
Check it out. I used the atomic force microscope in the material science lab and wrote our initials in a heart one one-thousandth the size of a grain of sand.
Mmm, about twelve hours. I pulled an all-nighter.
Yeah, I know, it really took a bite out of my video game time. What are you and Penny doing?
Oh, that’s not bad, but as far as romance goes, I think my gift hits it right out of… (Bumps into chair and drops the slide)
Look, we can still have a nice night. Just tell me where it is.
She hid my Xbox like I’m a child. Yeah, and my mom got me that for my birthday, so if you don’t give it back, I’m telling.
Yeah, maybe tonight. But a year from now, he’ll be crawling under the sink looking for his Xbox. Well, he will.
Me, too. How about we blow off dessert, go home early, I’ll do that laundry.
I’m telling you, something’s wrong. I can always feel it when Raj is in trouble.
You didn’t kill her and chop her up, that’s not what we’re smelling, right?
I’m sorry. That’s awful, but come on, you got to shake it off.
Oh, you’re kidding. Let me see. Well, I’ll be. Look, you can throw in a couple steaks and have a surf and turf.
He’s just decided he’s never leaving his apartment again.
He’s upset because he can’t get anywhere with women.
You’re the one? Okay, let me tell you something. That guy you blew off happens to be my best friend. Okay? He was devastated.
Okay. But I gotta warn you, Raj is a proud, passionate man. If you go running out on him again, you’re only gonna get, like, three or four more chances before you are history.
Come on, she came back. This is good news. You should celebrate.
Not even a little? I mean, we could have a pants party. Go put some on.
Boy, I want to tell you it’s her loss, but you are not making it easy.
All right. Thanks for ruining lobster for me.
Come on, if I was any good at convincing women to do stuff, I wouldn’t have spent so much of my twenties in the shower.
Oh, I did spend a lot of my shower time with Lieutenant Uhura.
Van Nuys pole-dancer D.D. Melons. All right, I think we’ve really helped women today. Let’s fire up the old Xbox.
So, you think I’m one of the smarter kids?
Not to mention she has mammary glands that could nurse a family of 30. And have enough milk left over to open a Baskin Robbins.
Maybe I could call my old middle school, see if we can talk to some of the female students.
Well, they’re actually pretty excited. I’m their most famous alum. If you don’t count the serial killer who ate all those prostitutes.
Yeah, last time I was here, I was just a scrawny little nerd.
So many memories. I mean, how many times in these hallways was I tripped, punched and spit on? Oh, look, here’s my old locker. I have a masters in engineering and I still can’t figure out how Scott Kapinski got me and my briefcase to fit in there. (Kid bumps into him) Hey.
The thing to remember is you can go to outer space, too. I mean, look at me. I went to this very school. Those desks you’re sitting in, I was once superglued to one of them.
No, but I did go to the International Space Station.
No, but I was in the rocket. I didn’t actually…
No, I’m an American hero. Your uncle brings people nuts, okay?
Quick, pull the fire alarm. Let’s get out of here.
Hey, you can tell me what to do or you can tell me how to do it, but you can’t do both. This isn’t sex.
They’re just coming over for dinner. No one’s gonna look in the closet.
Could work out. For all we know there’s a toilet in there somewhere.
You know what we should do? We should show the closet to Sheldon.
Are you kidding? He’s like a savant at organizing. Everything in his apartment has a label on it. Including his label maker, which has a label that says label maker. And if you look really close at that label maker label, you’ll see a label that says label.
No, we wouldn’t ask him. We’d just show him the closet and let the goblins in his head take it from there.
You know, if he really wants to stay and finish, I can give him a ride home.
I couldn’t be less interested. Now, come on, I’ll take you home.
If I wanted to know, I would’ve opened it years ago. The closet looks great. Let’s get out of here.
Of course I’m curious. I haven’t seen the man since, oh, I was a little kid. And a letter shows up on my 18th birthday? What’s that about?
He abandoned me and my mother. Why does he deserve a chance to explain anything?
Something I should have done a long time ago. (Sets fire to it)
I do. (Smoke alarm goes off) Great. Neither one of us is tall enough to reach that.
Ridiculous that we still have to walk up all these flights of stairs.
Sheldon, I swear to God, I’m gonna kill you.
So everybody knows what’s in that letter except for me?
No, I don’t want to know. I mean, I do, but… I got to go.
It’s okay. Sorry I ran off like that.
Uh, pictures of my dad and me when I was a kid.
I got to tell you, as angry as I am at Sheldon for blabbing, he did a hell of a job organizing this closet. Look at this. Photos of Wolowitz family before father left forever. Check out nine-year-old Howie with cornrows. Neither race was happy to see me with those.
Oh, honey, I am in no mood to have sex tonight. I’ll lay there if you absolutely have to have it, but… Oh. What are you guys doing here?
Actually, I don’t want to know. I want all of them to be true.
Me, too. If I’d known we were gonna be dancing, would have worn my flats.
You don’t have to shout, Raj. It’s not like I’m an astronaut floating around in outer space. Oh, wait, I am.
It’s better. I wake up every morning and I just can’t believe I’m on this incredible adventure.
Funny. We’re always giving each other a hard time up here. It’s kind of like being in a frat. You know, joking, kidding around, hurting feelings.
All right, all right. I gotta go. There’s a meteor shower.
Oh, it’s okay. Space is beautiful. Earth is beautiful. Same old, same old.
The other astronauts are being mean to me.
Well, like for instance, the other day when I was asleep, one of the guys went on a space walk and glued a big-eyed rubber alien mask to the outside of my window. When I woke up, I screamed for like nine minutes.
You can see it if you want. It’s on YouTube. Google astronaut screams for nine minutes.
Great, I’ll do that when I want to be the first guy in space to get a wedgie.
No. My mom already tried that. It only made things worse.
Hey, Bernie, guess what? I stood up to the other astronauts like you said and I got to tell you, last night was the first time in a week I got a good night’s sleep. (On screen, Howard has a mouse face drawn on his face, and the words F.LOOPS on his forehead.)
We thought my 90-year-old grandfather had reverted to an asexual state, but the lawsuit from his Jamaican caregiver proved us all wrong.
You Ph.D’s gonna go suck up like Kripke?
Money from family does come with strings attached.
Yeah, you wouldn’t want to look like you guys are brown-nosing the tenure committee, who will all be there. Oh, yeah, that’s what I was hoping for, meerkats.
You could talk some smack about his mother.
I think you’re gonna be really happy with this security camera. The optics are great, it’s got infrared technology, and there’s even a backup battery when the power goes out.
Why can’t you just watch porn like a regular guy? I need your laptop so I can configure the software.
I can’t believe I have to explain this. People change names on blogs to protect their privacy. Roger is Raj.
Oh, I think we were looking at creepy in the rearview mirror when I put up that camera.
Oh, geez, why do you girls always want to talk about things? Listen to me, if she’s writing about your relationship, use it to your advantage. Rig the game.
Is it fair that girls like confident, normal guys more than nervous weirdos?
So take what’s in that blog and use it to get her pants off.
The key to her heart. That’s nice. Were you quoting someone or is it tattooed on the small of your back?
However long you think the foreplay should be, triple it.
Why don’t you put her in a kennel?
To be honest, she’d do better in the kennel. I’ll talk to Bernie. I’m sure it’s fine.
You mean the guy who used to host that lame kids show?
How’d you get him to come to your house?
You know if you had a stroke, she’d eat you, right?
Okay, so what do I need to know to take care of her?
She really tuckered herself out at the park, huh?
It was kind of fun throwing a ball and not having anyone laugh at me.
Of course we can. Especially if our baby’s as calm and quiet as little Cinna… Son of a bitch, she’s gone.
I don’t know, she didn’t leave a note.
Good thinking. (In a bad Indian accent) Cinnamon, come to Daddy.
When this all blows over, remember that voice. It’s kind of a turn-on.
Well, maybe with the first one. But kids are like pancakes. The first one’s always a throwaway. How’s this look?
It’s not her. I just googled foo-foo little dogs. (Skype tone) It’s Raj. Stay quiet. Hey, bad timing. Bernadette just took Cinnamon out for a walk.
Nice guilt trip. You are gonna be an amazing mom.
Okay, I guess. It’s just, being cooped up in this tin can for weeks on end is starting to get to me.
Love you too. Hey, Bernie? Before you go, can you do something for me?
Okay, here it is. I really miss gravity. Can you drop something so I can watch it fall?
Well, remember the Soyuz capsule they were sending to bring us home?
It’s delayed. We’re gonna be here at least another week. Maybe ten days. It’s the Russians, so you don’t know. They left dogs up here in the sixties.
I don’t know how much longer I can take this. I can’t sleep, and zero gravity is giving me crazy acid reflux. I’m down to my last three Tums.
Okay, okay. What am I doing? I’m using up all the oxygen. If I die, promise you’ll never have sex with another man.
Oh, a lot better, thanks. One sec. Listen close, I don’t have a lot of time. I need you to go to my house. In my bedroom, you’ll find a model rocket. I want you to take it and bring it back to your place.
Step two, build a version roughly fourteen stories high. Fill it full of rocket fuel and come get me. I’ll leave the door unlocked.
No, no, I’m fine. No anxiety. We should probably talk in code. From now on, frog is me, sandwich means you and lemon means rocket. So, come on, sandwich, build me a lemon ’cause froggy wants to come home.
Better. Much better. The other astronauts held me down, gave me a shot. Oooh. Attention, people of Earth. Tonight, there will be two moons in the sky.
The Jewish prayer for eating bread! We don’t have one for falling out of space! We did it! We’re on the ground! We survived!
Whoa, thank you. Great to be back on Earth.
I missed you, too. Where are the guys?
Oh, I get it. They’re waiting back home with a big surprise party. Don’t worry, I can act surprised. (Does)
Great. Just keep in mind astronauts lose a lot of muscle tone in space, so you might have to do most of the heavy lifting.
Did you get a sea lion while I was gone?
Oh. Are you kidding? Every minute of every…
Sweetie, we don’t have to do this now.
Well, that was quick, and a little gross. Now, I know how she feels.
Hey, Ma, twinkle, twinkle, your little star is home. Ma, the chain’s on the door.
Yeah, well, Bernie’s not feeling well, so I thought I’d stop by, tell you about the greatest adventure of my life, see if you can make me feel bad about it.
All right. Woman hasn’t tied her robe in 20 years. Suddenly she’s not decent?
Yeah. The lack of gravity did decompress my spine, so I’m like an inch and a half taller. I’m going to the DMV tomorrow to get my license changed before I shrink back.
Yeah, well, Bernadette’s a little under the weather and my mom’s kind of under my dentist.
Former dentist. I need a new one now that I know where his hands have been.
It’s okay, you know, we space cowboys don’t do what we do for glory and fame. We leave that to your rock stars and your athletes and your Howie Mandels.
Oh, Stuart, thanks. What are you doing here?
Wow, so you guys are like buds now?
Okay, so what do you guys got going on tonight?
Sound of Music sing-along? That used to be our thing, but that’s cool.
At least my mother made her boyfriend climb out the window.
Oh, thank you so much. I’ve been having the worst night. I just got back, and my friends don’t care, my wife’s sick, I went to my mom…
Yes, please. (Sings) And I think it’s gonna be long, long time till touchdown brings me ’round again to find I’m not the man they think I am at home, oh, no, oh, no, I’m a rocket man. (Sneezes) Perfect.
Oh, hey, Stuart, I got you a little souvenir from my trip to space.
That’s not true. At the Walgreens I was over the moon for their store-brand antacids.
But you know what wasn’t a party? That hotel in Kazakhstan they put you up in before the launch. I mean, it’s your last night on Earth. You’d think you’d get one porn channel.
Anywhere but the Space Station. On a good day, dinner was a bag full of meat loaf. But, hey, you don’t go there for the food, you go there for the view.
You know, people say the Soyuz capsule was a lemon. But, hey, that baby got me to space and back.
That reminds me, I was thinking about wearing my NASA jumpsuit as a costume. But then I realized everyone would be, like, where’s your costume? Why are you wearing your work clothes, you nut?
You know where’s there’s a lot of nothing.
Boy, it’s nice to sleep in a bed with gravity again. Did I tell you about the night my retainer floated out of my mouth and into the air lock?
So, here we are, just a couple of young newlyweds. What to do? What to do to you? Astronaut Wolowitz, reporting for booty. Preparing thrusters. We have liftoff. Are we clear to jettison that nightgown?
What was I supposed to talk about? We were eating at Johnny Rockets.
So, I did this amazing thing and I’m never allowed to mention it?
I love you, too. I can’t tell you how many times I dreamed I was in bed here with you when I was… you know. What, I can’t even point?
Okay, here it is. Bernadette said you guys are all sick of me talking about my trip to space. Is that true?
You know what, guys? Never mind. I just won’t talk about the greatest achievement of my life ever again.
To tell you the truth, I’m not really in the mood.
Yeah, some friends. They all think I’m boring. Maybe you should go without me.
I’m sorry. I just don’t want to go.
Fine. Two weeks ago I was an astronaut.
You’re right, the party’s fantastic. Please, tell me more. I haven’t heard enough about it all week because hearing about that never gets old.
Well, I’m not allowed to talk about it, but since you brought it up, I went to space! Space, space! Space! Space, space! Space!
No, I’m not. They’re all being rude. And you’re being rude.
You’re my wife. You’re supposed to be on my side.
Then why are you trying to take this away from me? Being an astronaut is the coolest thing I’m ever gonna do. If I stop talking about it, then I’m just…
I don’t know. Raj sent me some video of Buzz Aldrin.
Yeah, I wish we looked as cool dancing in clubs as we do right now.
That somewhere right now Stephen Hawking is saying, damn it, I meant to click no.”
Sheldon, I know Stephen Hawking. I worked with him.
That’s ridiculous. Not to mention, your American accent is terrible.
This is what you sound like. I think I’m talking in an American accent, but it really sounds like I’m wearing a set of giant dentures.
There’s the problem. You can’t beat Hawking like that. He hates to lose. Everyone knows the guy’s a big baby. I mean, forget the wheelchair, he should be in a stroller.
One time when I was working with him, he said that Johnny Depp was in The Matrix. I told him he was wrong, but he kept insisting. So I looked it up online and showed him. Well, the next day, he had a pizza party, and everyone got invited but me. And then he was all, your invitation must have gotten lost in the matrix.
I can’t sit on that elephant, my ass is on fire from eating all this curry.
So, now all you have to do is let him win.
Don’t take it personally. She likes doing them by herself so she can lick the plates with no one looking.
Yeah, let me just grab a couple of fresh turtlenecks.
What are you talking about? All I have here is a few sweaters, books, bank stuff, computers, mail, collectibles, medicine and my electric body groomer. Ooh, there’s my plaid dickie. Oh, got this at the Goodwill store for 50 cents. Can you believe it?
You know, it’s kinda late. Why don’t we just spend the night here?
Thank you, I only put it on the list two weeks ago. Okay, I see what you’re getting at. How about this weekend I’ll box up all my things and move them to our place.
The lightsabres are gonna look great in the living room.
Let go of whatever piece of food you’re holding.
Now that you mention it, I was thinking tomorrow might not be great.
No excuse. It’s just, you know, I’m Jewish, and technically, we’re not supposed to drive or carry anything on the Sabbath. So this one’s on God.
My religion’s kinda loosey-goosey. Basically, as long as you got your schmekel clipped and don’t wear a cross, you’re good.
I will. I’m obviously not going to live in my mother’s house for the rest of my life. I’m not a child.
She did not burp me. She was patting me on the back, and I happened to burp. Don’t you have other tables you should be waiting on?
All right, I’ve had enough of this. I’m a grown man, I have a successful career, for the love of God, I’ve been to space. I will move out when I’m ready, and I don’t need anyone badgering me into it.
That was just for her benefit. I’ll move tomorrow. I love you. Don’t leave me.
Yeah. I can’t believe I’m not going to live here anymore. This has always been my bedroom. Right here is where my mom used to mark my height.
I remember when I was five, hiding under this desk with all my Halloween candy. Had some Peanut M&M’S, went into my first anaphylactic shock and had to be rushed to the hospital. Came home, celebrated with a Snickers, went into my second anaphylactic shock.
Yeah, I guess. Hey, would you do me a favour? Go on ahead. I just want one last moment alone in my old room.
Okay, I have now officially moved out of my mother’s house. You are now the only woman in my life who I’ll see naked in the bathroom.
Oh, I’m fine. It’s just her I’m worried about.
I know. It’s just ever since my dad left, I’ve felt responsible for her.
She was just so sad all the time. I was the only person who could cheer her up. Well, me and Ben and Jerry.
You know, she’s why I first got into magic. I would do little shows for her, hang up a bedsheet like it was a curtain, put on a top hat and cape. And part way through the act, I would say I needed a volunteer from the audience to be my beautiful assistant and invite her up on stage. I can still remember the way she’d smile. For a few minutes, she’d forget how lonely she was.
Have you guys ever noticed that Sheldon always disappears every day at two forty-five?
I’m looking at his public calendar. Two forty-five to three-oh-five, nothing. Yesterday, two forty-five to three-oh-five, nothing, last week, nothing, last month, nothing. He never has anything booked during that time.
Colonel Koothrapali in the kitchen with the olive spread.
Raj and I are heading over to the genetics lab to pet the glow-in-the-dark bunny. Want to come with us?
Hey, Alex, do you know where your boss just went?
This is where he goes? What’s in there?
What could he be doing in there every day for twenty minutes?
Can’t you face the other way and listen?
Fine, I’ll be a ninja, you be a cat burglar.
Yes, I’m sure. Now, you stand guard, I’m going to…
Just keep an eye out. I’ll have this open in a minute.
When I was starting to do magic in junior high, I thought I could be an escape artist like Harry Houdini.
Pretty good. I managed to escape friends, popularity, and every party thrown in a twelve mile radius. There. Ready?
Don’t worry, I’m one step ahead of him.
I don’t know. The solution to an equation?
What kind of secret does Sheldon have to encrypt?
Forty-three. What is forty-three? Besides my mom’s neck size.
Ah, it took him two years to put together that Lego Death Star, I’m not worried.
Okay, picture’s up. Looks like the camera’s working.
It better be. It’s the spare camera for the Mars rover.
Wormhole generator test? (On screen a wormhole appears)
Thanks. Guess who picked up his new car this morning?
Yep. For as long as I can keep my mother out of it. If you want to check it out later, it’s parked right out front, space 294.
Sheldon, someday, if you get a car, I’m sure they’ll give you another parking space.
Fun story. Meanwhile, you still don’t have a car.
My Iron Man helmet. Koothrappali saw you take it. Give it back.
Sheldon, that is a five hundred dollar limited edition collectible, and I want it back.
He wasn’t using it. And I needed a nice cool piece of leather to wiggle my naked ass on.
You don’t need a parking space. You don’t have a car.
Well, we appear to have reached an impasse. And you know, I have to say, I thought you’d be more upset that your laptop is sitting on my junk.
Would you please talk some sense into your lunatic roommate?
It’s not just a parking spot. He can’t handle the fact that I’m a bigger deal than he is now.
Oh, like you’ve never thought of doing that. Don’t hate me just because I lived the dream. (Horn beeps. Sheldon is sitting naked in Howard’s car.)
All right. Sheldon, when this whole thing with the parking space started, I had no idea just how much of a crazy bastard…
I had no idea how much that spot meant to you. Anyway, I called President Siebert and told him it’s not worth fighting over the spot, so you keep it, and I’ll park in the structure across the street.
Wow, okay. Well, thanks. I don’t know what to say.
I’d like to propose a toast, to burying the hatchet.
Come on, you can talk to girls now. It shouldn’t be hard for you to meet someone new.
Oh, will you stop it. Now, listen to me, there’s a welcome party for incoming post-docs tonight. Go to it and meet someone who isn’t made of grease or pie.
Look, Bernie’s at a neuroscience conference with Amy, I’ll go with you.
Of course. You’re my friend. I want you to be happy.
Check it out. Mrs. Davis from Human Resources is here. She’s probably on the lookout for sexual harassment.
I heard her husband left her for a hot, young undergrad.
It was better when you couldn’t talk to women.
Oh, please, you did not have a moment.
Okay, fine. Let’s say there was a moment.
There wasn’t. But, but even if there was, what are you gonna do about it?
I am cleaning up. Look at the mess the Joker made of Gotham City.
Raj grew up in India. Trust me, he’s seen worse.
I promise I’ll help out the rest of the week.
Yeah, but if I told you a week, would you have said yes?
I know, but they’re tenting his building. He can’t find a hotel he likes that allows dogs.
For a whole week, the nerve of some people.
You’re gonna brush your teeth on my couch?
Why bother? She spends half the time licking her butt.
Yeah. So what do you feel like making?
No, she always looks like that. Because she married an idiot.
Well, I keep telling you to put that traffic app on your phone.
How do you know I didn’t do them?
Yeah, you’re gonna knock it out of the park.
What are you doing? Are you trying to make me look bad?
No, you’re being a better husband than I am. Doing the dishes, getting coffee, knowing about her life, who does that?
Give me that. Just stop showing me up.
What are you talking about? Remember last week, when I asked you if you were wearing Spanx and you weren’t? How’s that different?
Yeah, well, maybe you could try being more like Raj.
Yeah, yeah. He packed me a lunch this morning. And there was a note inside that said go get ’em.
I do know to go get ’em, but sometimes it’s nice to have emotional support when I’m going and getting them.
I don’t know. I guess I was just feeling like I’m a lousy husband.
Are you kidding? You’re the best. I know what the problem is. It’s him.
You made us feel like we’re not trying hard enough.
Oh, it does feel good to have you backing me up for once.
I’ve never done this before. It’s kind of fun.
Really? Sheldon not being here is the main reason I’m in this room.
I’m gonna squirt chocolate milk out of my nipples. Sorry, I thought we’re saying things that are never gonna happen.
Fine, then go talk to her on your own.
Doesn’t matter. Bernadette still would’ve been working at The Cheesecake Factory, and I still would’ve been working this beefcake factory. You would’ve been all over me.
I know you’re starving. The neighbours know you’re starving. There’s starving people in Africa who know you’re starving.
You didn’t let me finish. Here you go, Mother.
Eh, tomato, tomahto. The important thing is she’s dead.
You can say better. Sheldon can’t hear you.
And chocolate milk is gonna squirt out of my nipples.
If you’re really desperate to meet women and like having food eaten out of your mouth, I could set you up with my mom.
Really? I never for a second thought it’d be anything else.
If you’re so intimidated by talking to attractive girls, maybe you should practice by talking to regular people.
I’m serious. Go to the mall, talk to anybody, practice, that way when you eventually do talk to a cute girl, it won’t be so scary.
Fake a laugh? Do you ever do that with me?
Please, I’ve made plenty of girls laugh, sometimes just by asking them out. (Bernadette laughs uncontrollably) Yeah? Well, I fake my orgasms.
Star Wars audition, take one, starring Howard Joel Wolowitz, real-life astronaut. Vader is here, now, on this moon. I felt his presence. He’s come for me. He can feel when I’m near…
You know, if you’d rather skip lunch and hang out with your boyfriend Bert, it’s totally okay.
Maybe the problem is he thinks you’re available. Does he know you’re dating Sheldon?
The mineral and rock show? That would be awful even without Bert.
Oh, I’ve heard those words so many times. From Linda Nosenchuck, Tammy Rosenworcel.
Poor Bert. That guy’s got a rough afternoon ahead of him.
Of course we tell him she’s a lesbian.
It’s been ten minutes. We’re running out of time.
Not the same Hulk. Ferrigno, Bana, Norton and Ruffalo.
I already found a guy online who’s willing to sell.
Sheldon, just come with us. You’re not gonna make your own convention.
Oh, and I thought our days of pretending to be with women who don’t exist were over.
And that’s where Darth Vader’s gonna pour soy sauce on your head.
Why would someone want to make clothes out of your skin?
Why do you think I told him to come to your place?
I can text the guy and tell him we changed our minds.
No need. I’m breaking rules all the time.
Last night. Drank my Pepto straight out of the bottle.
He just parked. He’s on his way up.
Oh, no. I’d be an astronaut and a bad boy, how will women keep their pants on?
Okay, you guys are such babies. I’ll handle this. If he thinks we’re not home, he’ll go away.
I lied about the Pepto, I always use the little cup.
Oh, God, I could really use exactly two tablespoons of Pepto right now.
Fun fact, I’m gonna jump off this train.
Okay. Just make it look like an accident.
A world I don’t want to live in. Seriously, I no longer want to live in this world.
I’m going to the Lego store to get a big-ass R2-D2.
I had a little to do with it.
There’s a car with a glass roof. Want to go look at the stars?
Hey, how come we never get that option?
Yeah, I can control all sorts of stuff.
Not when I said mute and pointed it at her face.
Well, that’s the last time I play with that. (Phone rings) I have to take this. Hello? 00:04:24,137
Okay. Thank you. We’ll be in touch. You’re not gonna believe this.
That was NASA. They want me to go back up to the space station.
Good news. Someone in this room gets to take a ride on a rocket.
No, not that. Although you already agreed to it, so no take-backs.
Sit down. NASA called. The telescope mount I installed on the space station got damaged, and they want me to go back up and fix it.
What do you think I said? I said yes. Why do you look surprised?
Are you kidding? It was the greatest experience of my life.
I think you have me confused with what’s gonna happen when you get out of that shower.
But it got the way it was through change. The-the-the spot that you love to sit in, that no one else can sit in, only exists because, despite your objections. I bought this couch. Me. So explain why that change was bad and this change was good.
Um, okay. I know my mom’s not dead, there’d be balloons.
You don’t think I did a good job up there?
Hang on. That was just me joking around.
Come on, how is that not a joke? You got to get me out of this. Shoot me in the foot.
Okay, so I wasn’t exactly John Glenn up there, but I’ve changed. I’m a different man now. Yeah, and I’m a little insulted that you guys don’t think I can handle it.
You’ve got to get me out of this.
Check my blood pressure again. I can get it higher. just give me a second. (Dials phone)
Oh, me, too. I mean, the doctor was willing to fudge the results, but it just seemed so darned dishonest.
Look, my blood pressure’s too high, okay? Drop it.
Went to space? I don’t think so. Now, pass the soy sauce. Hey, not the green one, the red one.
Hey, that’s my wife. If anyone’s gonna make her feel gross about sex, it’s me.
Is that book called Lies I Tell to Get Sex?
Hey, I work at the same university you do.
I didn’t do anything. I was just sitting here.
The lecture was on cosmic gas clouds. That’s funny.
Listen, I was thinking you and I could probably try to be better friends.
Seriously, I was talking to Bernadette last night and she made some great points. You and I have known each other a long time, and I didn’t hear the rest ’cause she took her bra off.
Uh, for starters, we could stop insulting each other.
Anyway, I got invited to do a little talk at NASA in Houston this weekend. They gave me two tickets. Bernadette can’t go. You want to come with me? You can visit your mom, and I’ll show you around the space centre.
Isn’t it a little late to get plane tick…
That’s Sheldon. He says he’ll be down in a minute.
Oh, he’s not coming out until he sees proof you don’t have an air freshener in your car.
How do I know what you said? Damn you and your noise-cancelling breasts.
It’s not every day you get to tour NASA with a real astronaut.
I’m trying to be a better friend, but you constantly say and do irritating things.
When? How about in the car? I’m an astronaut, and you know it. You just don’t like admitting it, because you’re jealous.
Here you go. Be creative. What’s the matter? Scared of a little turbulence?
Oh, this is nothing. I experienced way worse when I was plummeting back to Earth, apparently not being a real astronaut. Okay, that was a big one.
Thank you for not making fun of me during my speech.
We can’t show up to your mom’s empty-handed. We should bring something.
I was gonna say we pick up a cake or a pie. But an insult to her faith is always thoughtful.
They are only from me. You said the gift of you was enough.
Does a brisket count? I’m sorry, buddy, that’s rough. But didn’t she know we were coming?
Well, did she see you in the window?
That’s some tough talk, I may need to cut you off.
Look, she’s a grown woman. And, and your dad’s been gone a long time. Maybe this is none of your business.
While you confront your mother about her sex life? I’d rather go back to that bar in ass-less chaps.
That was an hour ago, Sheldon. A Jew sits in front of a house in Texas that long, For Sale signs start to go up. I take it things didn’t go smoothly with your mom.
You know, I, I sort of went through something like this myself.
I’m talking about when my mom started seeing someone a couple of years after my dad left.
Yeah, she was dating this guy, and I was kind of a jerk to her about it.
Well, let’s just say it was the most vicious bar mitzvah speech in the history of Temple Beth El. Anyway, she broke up with him. And she’s basically been alone ever since. She never said it, but I always felt I was the reason why.
All I’m saying is you might not want to get in the way of your mom’s happiness.
Why do you have to choose? Date both of them.
Were you like this when I married you?
What were they thinking, putting Doctor Octopus’s mind in Spider-Man’s body?
Both versions: original and Lohan. You’re an idiot.
I’m sorry, I’ve been kind of snippy lately. It’s probably this stupid diet I’m on.
I’ve put on a couple pounds. Had to buy these pants in the men’s section.
You’re kidding, right? I mean, you know I’m trying to lose weight. God, I thought we were partners in this marriage.
Really? Tell that to the bathroom scale, ’cause one of you is lying.
Awful. I had to rub her ointment all over her again.
‘Cause we’ve got a deeply unhealthy relationship. Which reminds me, do you think you can get any samples of this from work? This was supposed to last her a month, but they didn’t take into account the square footage of her back.
Like these swollen sausages could fit in gloves.
You’re full of oestrogen and you don’t act like that.
Sex? Really? I mean, that’s just your solution to everything.
Yeah, that’s cucumber and cream cheese. That’s turkey and loganberry. And don’t tell my hips, but I’m warming up a brie in the oven.
Okay, well, I’ve been reading up on all the side effects you can get from oestrogen, and, I need you to be honest with me. Do my boobs look bigger to you?
Come on, Raj, it’s a yes or no question.
Okay, let me feel. No, I am definitely up a cup size.
Thank you. I really needed to hear that today. (Bernadette rolls eyes and walks out) Ooh, brie’s ready.
That’s so great. If you guys prove the existence of Unruh radiation… Hey, hey, hey, hey. My eyes are up here.
I said, stop it. Now, listen to me. You two aren’t just friends. You’re best friends. And that’s a beautiful thing. I mean, Leonard, you know why he’s so mad at you? It’s ’cause he missed you. Yeah, and as his friend, you should be happy he has love in his life. As I do. This man held my breast the other day and I love him for it.
So, can we please put aside these petty differences and just be glad we’re here together?
Maybe. But how great is Game of Thrones?
I hope I get to meet her as soon as possible.
I spoke to Bernadette. She’s free tomorrow night.
Like when it turns out she’s made of rubber, I don’t say anything?
Oh, that’s what it says on the box. Right next to dishwasher safe.
I promise I’ll be on my best behaviour.
Me, too. I just hope he doesn’t blow it.
Because he’s Raj, that’s his thing. Beckham can bend it, Ralph can wreck it, Raj can blow it. Look, I don’t want it to happen, but odds are he’s gonna find a way to… Oh, crap, I know that girl.
Whatever you hear tonight, just remember I love you. Hey.
Uh, no. I, I don’t, I don’t think so.
Well, you sure don’t. You I know, you I know, you? Total stranger. Even if you had yummy candy, I would not get in your van.
It was the most incredible experience of my life. Up there in the space station, you’re…
Okay, I’ll say it. I was on the way to pick her up. My stomach felt a little funny. When I got there, I asked if I could use her bathroom.
One roll of toilet paper and 20 minutes later, I was so humiliated, I snuck out the window and never saw her again.
I’m sorry. I tried to unclog it, but you didn’t have a plunger, and water was spilling out everywhere.
Look, I have felt terrible about this for years, and I’m glad I have the opportunity to tell you just how sorry I am.
Well, hey, it’s not like cotton candy comes out of you.
Can I say just one more thing? I had some kind of food poisoning that day. Sure, in retrospect, gas station sushi, maybe not the best choice. Nor was climbing out your window and running away. But I think we can all understand how humiliating that was, and I’d really appreciate it if we could move on.
Ah, it’s all right. They could’ve filled the bowl a little more. Excuse me.
I wouldn’t worry about it. He’s got a pretty good sense of humour.
Oh, well, turns out I’d already met the girl Raj is seeing when I did a number on her bathroom. And that number was two.
Okay, but she’d feel better if she took her medicine.
Good idea. We can wrap the pill in cheese, feed it to Cinnamon, and then my mom can eat Cinnamon. So what do you feel like doing?
Well, my mom doesn’t have a lot to choose from. Unless you want to watch the video of her colonoscopy. Spoiler alert, 20 minutes in they find a prune pit.
That’s actually not a bad plan. I can sit through the colonoscopy now, but that first time I was like, oh my God, a prune pit.
I just helped my mom out of the tub, so, I’m one slippery horror ahead of you.
Beach blankets, my friend, it’s all about beach blankets.
Oh, yeah, you’re gonna do great with this movie.
And the brutal dismemberment of a rotisserie chicken by my mother.
Oh, come on, she could have a freezer full of ex-boyfriend’s body parts and you’d still go out with her.
Let me get this straight. So, he kills this girl’s father, cuts off the guy’s face, and is wearing it as a mask while he makes out with her.
Raj, you are the girl in the relationship who likes The Sound of Music. (Phone rings) Hey, Penny. What’s up? No, Bernie’s working late. Really? Thanks for telling me.
I’m having sex with a Catholic schoolgirl tonight.
No. Don’t be ridiculous. That’s Wookiee Life Day.
You sure. Not even coffee? We have R2-Decaf. Maybe a nice Cafe Au Leia?
You’re being so quiet. Are you upset or are you just rebooting?
Since we all agree Episode I isn’t our favourite, maybe we just skip it this time.
Okay, so you’d lose most of Jar Jar, all the trade route talk and the boring senate hearings, which are like watching C-SPAN with monsters.
I think he’s taking this Professor Proton thing pretty hard.
Or should we respect his privacy in this moment of grief?
Well, at least without Sheldon here, we got to start with Episode IV.
Boy, some of the physical comedy with Jar Jar is a little tough to watch.
Well, you didn’t miss anything. We just started over.
Thanks for lifting my spirits. Next time, try lifting the box.
The doctor says you need to get exercise.
She’ll use it. All I need is to rig it with a fishing pole and a HoneyBaked Ham.
Please, I’m an MIT-trained engineer. I think I can handle… Ma, look out.
Okay, she’s all settled in the guest room.
I’m sorry. I just can’t deal with this right now.
Bernie, she’s gonna be off her feet for six to eight weeks. Are you prepared to feed her, wash her and take her to the toilet?
Yeah, of course you would, you’re a loving person. I’m what my people would call a putz.
We get a nurse. Preferably someone from a third world country who’s used to suffering and unpleasant smells.
Not if we pay them well and let them listen to the music of their homeland.
Sounds like a job for a loving person. Would you like me to play some Polish music while you carry her to the toilet?
Maybe you’re right. Anything she finds on the floor goes right in her mouth.
Hey, I’m a very paternal person. I’d be excellent at taking care of a baby.
What took you so long? The grocery store is a few blocks away.
Then why do I smell coffee on your breath?
A mocha? Well, it must be nice to be queen.
Well, whose fault is that? I wanted to get a nurse, but you were all, I’m nice, I want to take care of people.
Thanks a lot. Now I have to go rub her belly again.
She’s doing okay, but we just lost another nurse.
Two, and I know what you’re thinking, she’s eating them.
A bowl full of M&M’s with a few Ambien tossed in.
You know, if you’re really serious about that, I hear there are some exciting opportunities in home care for the old and fat.
Yeah, maybe it’s time we just release Ma back into the sea.
Well, then, we may need to get used to the idea that we’re gonna be living here the next few months.
Well, what if we use our vacation time?
I don’t know what else we can do.
Don’t take this the wrong way, but did you do this for the insurance money?
Hang on. I know a place you can stay and earn some money at the same time.
I just have to warn you, it’ll involve humiliation, degradation and verbal abuse.
Oh, I loved those. I did them every year there.
Oh, that’s cute. Like it’s a real college.
Yes, to be fair, do people who went to Princeton get a head start?
If it makes you feel any better, my mom’s just full of pound cake.
Have you ever played a game with Bernadette?
Have you ever gone into a steel cage with a wolverine?
Huh, I guess you’re right. Wonder why that is?
Yeah. You know, I bet you and I have more in common than we think.
I don’t know. Tell me some things you like.
Riddle me this. Arrah, Arrah, and gather round, the work of this hero is legion-bound. He multiplies N by the number of He, and in this room the thing you’ll see.
Hey, you know what this could mean (whispers).
They’re coming to America, They’re coming to America.
Hey, she got the way to move me, Cherry,
Hey, wait a minute. No, the Nazis were digging in the wrong place. The only reason they got the ark was because Indy found it first.
Yeah. I guess I was just thinking about my mom, and how sad my childhood was.
How about I take a bath with you and see what happens.
I’m learning to be a man in a culture where it’s increasingly difficult to know how?
I’m copying Leonard. When he does this to Penny, they have sex and watch Monty Python.
I know. It was dumb, I shouldn’t have done it. And it’s making me feel sad. So sad. You know, why don’t you take a bath? I’ll do the dishes.
Wait, wait, if it wasn’t for Indiana Jones, the ark would never have ended up at the warehouse.
Probably because we left the diagram of it in the restaurant, and none of us wanted to walk back.
Getting Penny to go back out with him after she dumped him.
And a few weeks ago, he almost did a pull-up.
It wouldn’t kill us to get together and brainstorm ideas.
My cousin has a cabin out in the woods.
Well, ’cause you have a steady girlfriend now, and we assumed you’d have to stay home to lower the food down to her in the pit.
Okay. No. Leonard’s right. We’re here to focus. Didn’t we used to have a list of all our ideas?
There’s just some things you don’t do with your robot girlfriend.
We got to watch Back to the Future II.
Hold on. Pause. Something doesn’t make sense. Look, in 2015, Biff steals the sports almanac and takes the time machine back to 1955, to give it to his younger self. But as soon as he does that, he changes the future, so the 2015 he returns to would be a different 2015, not the 2015 that Marty and Doc were in.
Oh, that stuff is so good wrapped around cocktail weenies.
Or if we could figure out a way to supercool the materials, we could utilize quantum coupling.
Oh, I can’t argue with him. It’s right there on the screen. Austria does look like a wiener.
We could snap a rubber band on our wrists every time we get sidetracked.
That’s ridiculous. Sheldon, I vote that is not a tangent.
Jump ahead to the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.
Sorry we’re so late. Bernadette got stuck at work.
Wait, Maybe you want to wash your little raccoon hands first.
Next week is the anniversary of my first date with Bernadette.
I want to do something special, and I was hoping you guys could be a part of it.
Just putting something in the bank for what horrible thing I do next.
Look, she’s gonna be back any second, so here’s the deal. I’m writing a song, and I was hoping we could all play it for her together.
So I’m almost done writing the song for Bernadette. Are you cool playing the cello?
Or you could just play your tiny, ridiculous guitar.
Make sure you guys get to the restaurant by eight. Bernadette’s meeting me there at eight thirty and I don’t want to blow the surprise.
I’m getting worried about Bernadette. I’m gonna call and check on her.
Guys, there was an accident at Bernie’s lab.
Yeah, but she’s at the hospital in quarantine.
Oh, don’t worry about it. I brought the date here. Guys, come on in.
Well, tonight is the anniversary of our first date, and I wanted to celebrate it by writing a song for you.
A candle without a wick, a Watson without a Crick, I’d be one of my outfits without a dick-ie. I’d be cheese without the mac, Jobs without the Wozniak, I’d be solving exponential equations that use bases not found on your calculator making it much harder to crack. I’d be an atom without a bomb, a dot without the com, and I’d probably still live with my mom.
Ever since I met you, you turned my world around. You supported all my dreams and all my hopes. You’re like uranium-235 and I’m uranium-238, almost inseparable isotopes. I couldn’t have imagined how good my life would get from the moment that I met you Bernadette.
If I didn’t have you life would be dreary, I’d be string theory without any string. I’d be binary code without a one, a cathode ray tube without an electron gun. I’d be Firefly, Buffy and Avengers without Joss Whedon. I’d speak a lot more Klingon, Heghlu’meH QaQ jajvam.
Ever since I met you, you turned my world around. You’re my best friend and my lover. We’re like changing electric and magnetic fields. You can’t have one without the other. I couldn’t have imagined how good my life would get from the moment that I met you, Bernadette.
Bernie’s having a girls’ night on Friday at our place. You want to do something?
You don’t want to read a paper by some old has-been who hasn’t done any real science in decades.
Nope. Bernadette told me it isn’t nice and I’m not allowed.
So I won’t be making fun of you, or the things you like, or the fact that you just want to have fu-un.
You know, instead of beads and glue, you guys can use my soldering iron. You’d be able to make much cooler stuff.
Look who’s here to put the Jew in jewellery night.
Sorry we’re late. I wanted to swing by the lab and pick up some even cooler tools for us to use.
Well, last week was a blast. Plus, I thought you might like having a guy here.
Everything we need to make jewellery moulds. Here’s some silver, a crucible and an acetylene torch to melt it down.
I was gonna make a necklace for my mom, but unfortunately she doesn’t have a neck. She’s just chins and fat and feet.
You know, if you guys are interested, there’s a technique where I can take a lock of your hair, refine it into carbon dust and use the hydraulic press at work to turn it into a tiny little diamond with your DNA in it.
Yeah. See Bernie’s engagement ring? That came right off my mom’s back.
How am I ruining anything? I’m just trying to help you make better jewellery.
Since when can’t you open up with me?
You’re right. I didn’t realize I was making you feel that way. It was very brave of you to tell me.
And the man impersonating a bear would like everyone to know that only you can prevent forest fires.
You didn’t have Smokey the Bear in India?
You had to be taught not to play with cobras?
You know, you could reimburse the video store owner’s next of kin.
You can’t let her know you’re hurting. You know, the key is confidence.
Well, if I may, he has so little self-respect and is so desperate for the smallest crumb of affection, she could literally sleep with his own father in his own bed and post the video to YouTube, and he’d still buy her flowers and ask her to be his bride.
Mmm. I’m gonna say not. That’s just based on me trying to roll my mom over when she’s snoring. Speaking of that big side of beef, uh, she’s invited all of you to Thanksgiving at her house.
Please? Bernadette’s bringing her dad ’cause her mom’s out of town, and I never have anything to say to that guy.
Oh, her gout’s flaring up. Turns out an apple pie a day does not keep the doctor away.
Maybe because that little piggy is being crushed by the barn. She should quiet down soon. I gave her enough pain meds to choke a, well, her.
I was gonna make Raj do it all by himself.
Um, I don’t know. Probably in a wad in her cheek.
He doesn’t want me in there. I’m the creepy little guy who has sex with his daughter.
So your wife’s in Arizona with the grandkids?
You know, my mom’s been to Arizona. She rode one of those mules down in the Grand Canyon. Long story short, they had to shoot it. ‘Cause she’s so fat. I’ll get the door while you finish laughing. Hey, guys.
Really? That dumb-ass she used to date? That’s hysterical.
No. But I did get tackled in the hallway once. The whole school cheered.
Sounds like Zack’s the victim. You’re sleeping with his wife.
Oh, I love a good blitz, especially with sour cream. Get it? ‘Cause it sounds like blintz.
I never had a beer with my dad, either.
Sheldon and your dad are bonding and completely ignoring me.
Well, Sheldon started talking about how his dad isn’t alive any more, and they were toasting, and I tried to tell them about how sad I was when my dad abandoned…
Mike, that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me.
What are you talking about? No one’s paying attention to you.
I just want to pop in and make sure Ma’s okay.
He was, but now that her cast is off, he moved out. And honestly, I’m kind of glad. It was getting a little weird.
No, not like us. Creepy chummy, like you and your dog.
I mean, he calls her Debbie, she calls him Stewie and they’re all giggly around each other. And believe me, when food goes in that mouth, it does not come out.
First of all, no one can replace me as a son. I’m her little matzo ball. And secondly, my mother is well past having any kind of sex life.
Ma, I hope you’re decent. Raj is here. You just started seeing naked women again, and I don’t want you to be confused about where the boobs should be.
Uh, what are you doing here? I thought you moved out.
Or in her neck. Listen. You staying here seems like something she would’ve talked to me about.
It’s weird, right? A grown man in his thirties living with my mother.
Come on, you don’t think it’s a little odd?
Who cares? You wouldn’t care if I slept with your mom?
This is stupid. I’m just gonna call my mother and be honest with her.
Now, I never thought I’d say this, but I’m kind of excited to see Sheldon.
You’re right, I’m not. I think it’s weird.
It is. He’s a grown man. He’s just gonna live there rent-free? How is that gonna motivate him to get off his butt and get a job? I mean, do you even have a plan?
Your mother and I? You’re not my father.
Well, I didn’t say I was your father.
Don’t talk to her like that. That is my mother. Wife. My wife. I said my wife.
Doesn’t Professor Abbott’s family want any of this stuff?
Oh, my dad used to have a pen like that. I dated it all through sixth grade.
Don’t feel bad. Someday someone will be throwing out your work, too.
Mmm. It’s just columns of random numbers. Toss it.
Well, there’s no discernible pattern that I can see, but it shouldn’t be too hard to run the numbers and check.
Sure. We could try multiple regressions with varying physical and experimental constants.
Ooh, it might be a substitution cipher. We could start with basic cryptanalysis.
Yeah, I’m not even sure if it’s the right word.
We were cleaning out his office and found these books full of numbers.
I guess the sad truth is, not everyone will accomplish something great. Some of us may just have to find meaning in the little moments that make up life.
Yeah for you, not for me. I went to space. I’m covered.
Yeah, she works at a law firm in New York.
I know. If we were still single, we’d be tripping over all that booty.
How the hell did a pigeon get in here?
You mean ’cause this room isn’t supposed to have dust in it, and we just let in a flying crap machine?
And tell them that we compromised all the equipment? Let’s just get it out of here before anyone knows.
Well, what if we turn off all the lights except for one, and it’ll come to it.
Don’t yell at me. You’re not gonna get any good ideas out of me if you’re yelling.
Great, we’re turning on each other. That’s just what the bird wants us to do.
Okay, here’s the plan. I’m gonna put the food in the bag, and when he lands in the bag to eat it, we close it up.
And admit that we contaminated the clean room?
Why do you keep assuming it was me?
Again, it looked like my car, and the baby didn’t even cry until his mother punched me with her keys.
Well, what if you said it without sounding so condescending?
You know what I think your problem is? You’re jealous because you and I used to be best friends until Koothrappali came along.
You know, maybe I’m best friends with Raj because he doesn’t think he’s smarter than me.
Well, if you’re so smart, you get the bird out.
Are you sure a dummy like me can handle something as complicated as a blanket?
It was an accident. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Oh, no. I killed it. Oh, not again.
When I was ten, I was playing in my backyard and sat on a blue jay. I mean, I tried to bring it back to life with electricity, but it just caught on fire. The worst part was it smelled delicious.
No. I need to do it. This is on me.
I am tasting a lot of Slim Jim.
I might argue a Hanukkah miracle, but I’ll take it. Come on, little guy, let’s get you outside. Get the curtain.
You were right. Go ahead, call Building Services. Tell them it was my fault.
Nine years ago he was part of a team that launched a spacecraft to collect data about Pluto, and it’s finally close enough, so this morning it turned itself on.
Now we get to see him flip out because he’s worried it was demolished by space ice.
I know. I get it. When I was in the Soyuz capsule returning from the space station, plummeting toward Earth at 17,000 miles per hour…
You work in pharmaceuticals, don’t you have anything you can give him?
Maybe you need to do something more productive.
So, in addition to being crazy, you’re resting the fate of the mission on your athletic prowess.
I’m happy to. I think getting out of the apartment will do you good. So, where we headed?
Buddy, trust me, you don’t want to convert to Judaism. I mean, I know I make it look cool, but it’s not all briskets and dreidels.
Oh. Okay. It’s not like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, right? Some bald guy with horns isn’t gonna rip my heart out.
I’m surprised to see you suddenly get religious.
Well, because I’ve known you for ten years and you’ve never gone to temple, you never talked about believing in God, and last Diwali I watched you eat two pounds of sacred cow at a Brazilian steak house.
So, as a scientist, you believe the way to understand the universe is through facts and evidence, and now you’re counting on some blue chick with a hundred arms to help you?
Well, of course he believed in God. he slept with Marilyn Monroe.
You believe in your religion, I’ll believe in mine.
Huh. I always thought it was mini golf.
Yeah. Just, uh, is there anything I should know before I go in?
I know you’re under a lot of pressure, so I’m gonna let that pass.
Raj, you just got a text. The probe turned on. It’s fine.
I invented a game. You want to play?
It’s called Emily or Cinnamon. I give you actual quotes I’ve heard Raj say, and you guess if he was talking to his girlfriend or his dog.
Okay, who was he talking to, Emily or Cinnamon? I want you to know, the bed feels so lonely when you’re not in it.
Okay, Emily or Cinnamon? Check it out, I got us matching sweaters.
Oh, maybe I am. Who wouldn’t want to be the girl, or possibly dog, to hear the words you’re so lucky, you have the shiniest hair.
Well, I don’t think that’s gonna help at all.
Okay, so it’s one vote Emily, one vote Cinnamon. Penny, you’re the tiebreaker.
It’s just so perfect that we’re both Libras.
That was the last one, I promise. We won’t play any more.
I don’t know, he’s not really hurting anybody.
Hmm, it would. Okay, back to Emily or Cinnamon? How can such a little girl eat such a big steak?
Hey, your paper got mentioned on the Quantum Diaries physics blog.
Uh, it’s basically a summary of the theory, but there’s a bunch of positive comments on the message board.
This wee li’l bairn of a theory nearly blew my kilt off.
Yeah. Dr. Dmitri Plancovik of Moscow University said dis paper great, I love it more than wodka.
Well, I think the anonymity makes everyone feel like they can say things they’d never say to your face.
Mmm, she loves it. She finally found a place where everyone talks about how sweaty they are. Anyway, she wants us to go to the house and check in on Stuart because he might be lonely.
Well, I’m her son, how come she doesn’t send someone to check on me if I’m lonely?
That would be great. I’d love for things between me and Mom to get back to normal.
I appreciate that, and I’m glad you were able to… is that my mother’s furniture?
Not as great as it looks in the den where it belongs.
Why don’t you just clean out the whole room? Take the string art clown I made her in third grade and the ribbon I got in swim class for putting my face in the water.
Well, I’m her son, and I say it’s not okay.
Well, maybe I should’ve gone to a fancy art school like you. Then I could run a failed comic shop and mooch off some guy’s mother.
Your store? My mother gave you the money to reopen. I’m not going anywhere.
It’s my mom’s furniture. It belongs in the house I grew up in, next to that pile of TV Guides and in plain view of what, for a ten-year-old, was a quality piece of string art.
That is a good point. But I didn’t marry you for good points. I married you to blindly support me no matter how ridiculous I’m being.
Uh, that was my aunt. Ma took a nap. She never woke up.
Are you kidding me? You lost my mother’s ashes?
All right, fine. Where did you misroute the only woman who ever loved me? The first, well,
The world’s greatest mom is in the shoe compartment.
So, some stranger has my mom? Is that what you’re telling me? My poor mother can be anywhere in Los Angeles right now?
Oh, okay, great. So, your entire job is to find lost luggage, and you’ve narrowed down the location of my mother to the planet Earth.
The day she left for Florida. She asked me to drive her to the airport. I was too busy. And I made her take a cab. I was too busy.
Oh, thank God. It’s okay, she’s here. Ma’s here.
Ma? I’m sorry I didn’t take you to the airport. I just want you to know that I’ll never forgive myself for being so selfish. And I promise to keep you close for the rest of my life.
Those are business expenses. You can write those off.
Oh, Bernie, you’re gonna have to sound a lot more confident when we get audited. (On phone) Hey, what’s up?
Just playing video games while Bernie does the taxes.
She doesn’t have to, I filled up on jelly beans.
Okay, calm down. There’s probably something jammed behind it. Just, uh, pull it out and see what’s there.
You know what, you sound busy, I’m gonna let you go.
Raj was snooping through Emily’s drawers and broke one.
Well, I think you broke the dowels. You’re not gonna have time to glue it back on, you’ll have to nail it.
Does she have any pillows or wine glasses?
It’s fine. You just need two more nails.
Thanks for helping us sort through all my mom’s stuff.
Well, it’s hard. A lot of Ma’s stuff brings back fond memories.
Yes. It reminds me of us eating out and her saying quick, nobody’s looking, fill your pockets with ketchup.
Yeah, well, I tried putting him out on the curb, but nobody took him.
It’s not just food. This is the last food my mother ever made. This is her last brisket. This is her last meatloaf. This is her last. I have no idea what this is, but it’s the last one.
No. All Ma’s food is gonna be ruined.
I’ll tell you exactly what we’re gonna do. We’re gonna eat it.
All you said was I had to get rid of things. You didn’t say they couldn’t pass through my colon first.
Okay. Then how about this? Let’s invite everyone over to dinner. It’ll be like Ma’s feeding us one last time.
Oh, man. This is the boutonniere from my high school prom. A piece of cake from my Bar Mitzvah.
No. If I find my foreskin, I’m gonna kill myself.
Ma always kept it on hand, in case I got sick. She thought she could cure anything with her cooking. Even the time I got food poisoning. From her cooking.
I just want everyone to know, uh, tonight’s not a sad occasion.
Good food, good friends, and sometime around midnight, heartburn that makes you pray for death.
That’s not true. We’ve got tomatoes right here.
Certainly a lot more women are reading comic books now.
I wonder if only a baby who is worthy can suckle at the bosom of Thor.
Well, I guess, as an engineer, I lean towards execution. I spend my days trying to take ideas and make them real.
You guys ever notice sometimes Bernadette sounds like my mom?
It’s why my people wandered the desert for 40 years. Took that long to walk it off.
All right, Amy’s in charge of pricing and being 75.
Excuse me. Why is there a sticker on this? It’s my TARDIS from Doctor Who. I was planning on moving it in the house.
Come on, one day, this may double in value and be worth half what I paid for it.
Well, I guess as long as you’re keeping an open mind.
We’re still figuring how much remodeling we want to do.
That’s not fair. It’s like me challenging you to a sexy pants contest.
Yes, but I mostly used it as a battlefield in an ongoing war between the Transformers and the ThunderCats for control of a bra I had found in the woods.
That’s not fair, she has upper body muscles.
That’s right, okay, Raj can play for me.
So it’s settled. The fate of Doctor Who’s TARDIS will be decided by a Game of Thrones inspired death-match on the battlefield of ThunderCats versus Transformers.
Come on, Raj. You are the King Kong of Ping-Pong. You are the menace of table tennis. Put her away, ’cause I don’t have a third one. Yes. Woo.
Don’t listen to her. You and I go way back, we’re like brothers.
This is ridiculous. I want a new champion. Amy, were you serious about being able to serve?
You know, I thought our friendship meant more to you.
Okay, this is the match that decides it all. First to 11 wins. Serve switches every five points. And just so you know, when this started, I was going to put the TARDIS in a discreet corner of the house, but I’ve since turned mean, and now it’s going right in the middle of the living room on a rotating platform with a sign that says suck it. Game on.
One-zero. Two. Three. Four. Five-nothing. Wait, did you play badminton or sad-minton?
It was, and now the serve is back to you, and the game is over.
Don’t listen to her, just hit the ball.
Yes, but when they’re hungry-hungry, you can stop them with marbles.
Why is it your last name and her first name?
And you love the sound of your own voice.
Did you send everyone to the principal’s office already?
I’m thinking about getting my doctorate, and he wants to teach. Why not?
Sheldon, I’m more than smart enough to take your class.
I would guess a wave-function and then vary its parameters until I found the lowest energy solution.
I’d use Feynman’s trick, differentiate under the integral sign.
Since every interpretation gives exactly the same answer to every measurement, they are all equally correct. However, I know you believe in the Many Worlds Interpretation, so I’ll say that. Now do you think I’m smart enough?
Oh, come on. You might’ve gone to school for a couple more years than me, but guess what, engineers are just as smart as physicists.
Before we do, I just talked to Leonard. And if you’re gonna spend all your time trying to belittle me by making this class unnecessarily hard, then I’m out. But if you’re interested in making a sincere effort to be a good teacher, then I’m willing to give this a shot.
If you’re gonna be a crappy teacher, then I’m gonna be a crappy student. (Singing) Uh, uh, Ludacris going in on the verse. ’cause I never been defeated and I won’t stop now…
So I can shoot you with a spitball.
Is that gonna be on the test? Because I don’t think I can do that again.
Well, I dropped your class, so I hope you’re happy.
I’m smart enough, Sheldon. Asking me a bunch of questions about a topic I’m not familiar with doesn’t prove anything. I could do the same to you.
Okay. You enjoy making fun of engineering so much, how do you quantify the strength of materials?
Yeah. Okay, how do you prevent eddy currents in a transformer?
That was a hard one. All right. How does the flow rate in a pipe depend on its diameter? You don’t know, do you? What’s the matter, smart guy? Don’t know Poiseuille’s law?
Okay, this one is for a Cadbury Creme Egg.
Which Archimedean solid has 20 regular triangular faces, 30 square faces, 12 pentagonal faces, 60 vertices and 120 edges?
Because we were awkward and weird and couldn’t play sports!
No, I’m not. Settle this. Those little animated pictures on the Internet, are they called gifs or jifs?
I’m sorry, do you mean the guy or the juy?
Something happened different from the way you wanted it.
Yeah, I bet you anything it’s just ’cause you’re a pain in the ass.
Great, it’s all done. The lawyer tracked down my father and got him to sign it over. I didn’t have to meet him, I didn’t have to talk to him, I don’t even know where he is.
Hey, I grew up in this house, okay? No one’s knocking anything down.
Well, wait, so if we have the same father, are, are you saying you’re my half-brother?
You know what, I’m being a bad host. Let me get some more coffee.
Not really. This guy shows up out of the blue, and now I have a brother? My father has another family?
I don’t know. I, I’d just like him to go away. I can’t deal with this.
Thank you. Come on. And I’d like to point out, this wall just provided a lot of privacy.
Hey, hey, the young man asked a good question.
I’m surprised you could hear me with this Thin Mint in your ear. Yeah, pretty cool, huh?
Well, I hope I get to see you again.
Hey, I threw out the first pitch at an Angels game.
Yeah. Well, I like music, I like science, I like making fun of Sheldon. Hit it.
Yeah, absolutely. You need a device capable of delivering information across a wide range of perceptual modalities.
Ooh, how about a 3-D tactile communicator rigged for cross-sensory transposition?
I am making molecular cocktails. This sphere is actually a cosmopolitan.
Oh, just put it in your mouth and pop it like a zit.
Well, Raj and I always talked about learning how to make cocktails like this together, so I taught myself and I’m putting this on Instagram so he can see it and feel like a turd. Say cheese.
I know. That’s why I’m spending tonight with you.
No. He is. So I have a dominant personality. We all know that.
In social groupings, I just naturally wind up in charge.
Right. I couldn’t change if I wanted to.
Hang on. Not that your song isn’t terrible, it is. but how do you mention bats and leave out sonar?
Well, well, well, did you hear that, Sheldon?
I suppose it couldn’t have been easy for you to say that.
Building on what Sheldon said, I could go for Chinese.
I saw the menu. They have soy cheese.
The plaque they sent up on the Pioneer probe had a drawing of a naked man and woman on it.
You want to send a passive-aggressive message out into the universe? That’s ridiculous.
He was dressed as Princess Leia. It made a nice picture.
You know what? You’re right. I should have asked you.
Okay, and if we’re talking about being left out of things, you guys went to Skywalker Ranch without us.
Nice. Where were you when I was single?
Okay, the WiFi extender is on, the camera’s on, they’re both on the same network. We should be getting an image.
Step one, rapidly flip the calibration switch from the fully up to the fully down positions for at least ten times.
Just flip the switch until the lights on the drone change to solid yellow.
Now I rotate it horizontally on its centre axis until the lights turn green.
It means the calibration failed. We have to start over.
No red and yellow, no red and yellow.
Okay, now all I have to do is rotate it vertically until the lights turn off.
Oh. All right, playtime’s over. Let’s open this baby up.
Sheldon, I have a master’s degree in engineering. I wipe my bottom with warranties. Except for AppleCare. That pays for itself in the long run.
Boy, oh, boy, that’s a lot of pieces.
Well, I, how familiar are you with miniaturized integrated logic circuits?
That right there is a miniaturized integrated logic circuit.
I’m an MIT-trained engineer. I’ve built components for the space station.
It worked fine, it just wasn’t designed for Russian cosmonauts and their potato-based diet.
Okay, I think I’ve narrowed it down to a faulty pin on the onboard communication chip.
It’s not about the money. It’s about solving a problem. It’s why I became an engineer. It’s what I like to do, it’s what I’m trained to do. It’s who I am.
There’s two kinds of people in this world, those who call tech support, and those who make fun of the people who call tech support.
All right, the power supply is reconnected. I think we’re back in business. Let’s just run a few tests before we take it outside. Sheldon, we got WiFi?
Give me the number. Probably wind up talking to some foreign guy who’s reading from the same manual I have. (Raj’s phone rings)
What happened to me? When did I become an old man baffled by modern technology? Next thing you know, I’ll be hitching my pants up to my armpits and complaining about the awful music the kids are listening to.
Hang on, hang on. It’s working. I did it.
I don’t know. Must be getting a WiFi signal from somewhere else.
I mean, for a while, everything was vampires. Now it’s all zombies. I wonder what the next monster fad will be.
For your information, I twisted my ankle chasing the ice cream truck.
You’re right. It’s time for me to act like an adult in this marriage. Starting with my husbandly duty of taking out the trash. Bernie, I made a mess.
That was a big sticky mess, but I think I got it.
Yes, I cleaned it up all by myself. Honestly, I don’t know why you complain so… okay, maybe I missed one spot. Just leave.
Like, a random person or somebody she knew?
Well, if it’s her father’s grave and they didn’t get along, then you know she holds a grudge.
Right. You’re gonna break up with a girl who has sex with you. Can you believe this guy?
How are you saying that with a straight face?
Buddy, other than Jenny Craig, you’ve never broken up with a girl in your life.
That’s not the same thing. Emily’s a person. Stuart’s more like an infestation, something you spray for.
You mean the one that makes ladies do the thing that ladies pretend they don’t do even though they do?
I didn’t touch it. Must have been Stuart.
Yeah, right. Sick. He didn’t have jaundice. He just looks like that.
Agreed. When he gets home, I’m dropping the hammer.
Oh, I’m not taking charge, you’re the hammer.
Bernie, Stuart just pulled up. So remember, the key is to be firm. Show no weakness.
Never should have told you my middle name.
It’s hard not to. They taste so much better than real berries.
So, how does this game work? I just throw it, like a real ball?
The Angels wanted an astronaut to throw out the first pitch, so guess who they called?
Well, a lot of people who weren’t available, but then me.
Hey, even professional pitchers need a rubdown after the game.
For your information, I also gave Leonard one hell of a high five.
They’re doing Space Day and NASA asked me. I felt like I couldn’t say no.
Well, I was going to, but the day of tryouts I found my dad’s Playboy collection. Threw my arm out.
Great. You take this and say when to stop. How much further?
Are you saying stop and we’re just too far away to hear you?
You realize this isn’t one of those times I want you to exaggerate how long something is.
That’s your help? That’s like saying here’s how you fly a plane, get in the airplane, know where you want to go and fly it.
Hey, Mike. Listen, NASA asked me to throw out the first pitch at an Angels game. You got any advice?
But it’s for a good cause. What about all the kids that’ll be there?
I have a message for the young people here today. When I was asked to throw the first pitch, a little voice in my head said I couldn’t do it. So, I practiced and practiced, and you know what? That little voice was right, but then I remembered that I’m not an athlete. I’m a scientist. So, today’s first pitch will be delivered to home plate by science. Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, I present to you a working prototype of the Mars Rover. And here’s the wind-up, and the pitch.
‘Cause I’m an idiot who didn’t think this through.
Okay, while we’re waiting for the ball to arrive, here’s some fun facts about Mars.
Okay, booing isn’t gonna make it go any faster.
What? You’re afraid of both dinosaurs and chickens.
My mom got him cable. In my whole life, growing up in that house, no cable. Do you know how many HBOs that leech had my mother get him? Seven. Seven HBOs. Seven.
Yep, I wish Stuart would reopen. I hate this place, too.
Yes, I am. You know, I can’t even watch Game of Thrones now without thinking of mother saying, Stuart, which one is Thrones?
All I know is, he’s got my mother buying four-ply toilet paper. I mean, four-ply. If his butt is so delicate, why doesn’t he just use an angora rabbit?
You know, when I was a kid, I loved going there, but I could never get a ride.
We’ll get to see all the new stuff before it hits the shelves.
You say things like that all the time.
Hey, what difference does it make? You’re the one she wants to marry.
Yeah, and I’m not sure that complete honesty is always the best thing for a relationship.
Mm. So, me and the guys were talking about this great investment opportunity.
It’s to help reopen the comic book store.
I know, but all the guys are doing it. We’re splitting it four ways, so it’s really not that much money.
I get that. I, okay, look, the real reason this is important is, before my dad left me and my mom, he used to take me to the comic book store. It was one of the few things we did together.
Well, I don’t like to talk about it.
That’s how much buying a comic book store means to me.
Well, I don’t need a reason, it’s my house.
Excuse me. Ma, you are cancelling that cheque, and Stuart is not your bubala, I’m your bubala. You can’t have more than one bubala.
How does it feel knowing your fiancée’s job is to go out and flirt with doctors, looking like that, while you sit here, you know, looking like this?
Oh, of course. What did you guys want to talk about?
I didn’t think they were going to. I just wanted to have a way to say no without hurting Leonard’s feelings.
You didn’t have to say so much more.
I brought a lot of significant assets into the relationship, too.
For your information, I just bought the last one I needed on eBay.
There were only three minutes left in the auction and it was a mint condition Scotty from a smoke-free home.
Let’s not talk about this in front of our friends.
For the tenth time, that was a Groupon.
Talk about wasted money. What about the late fees on our credit card because somebody didn’t pay the bill on time?
Oh, you’re saying I don’t do anything around here. Look at my chore chart.
Do the dishes. There’s a star right there.
That pan had to soak and you know it.
It’s not an allowance. It’s a stipend, and we said we weren’t gonna call it an allowance in front of my friends.
Wow, he really went where no man has gone before.
A gallant man would defend his fiancée for being called a urethra.
Oh, I think I just cheated on my wife.
Stick your head in there and find out.
It’s sad how some guys can’t cut the apron strings.
Yeah, that was very uncool. Get the hammer. Get the hammer.
Oh, yeah, she loves that place. Every time they flip a shrimp in the air, she practically leaps out of her seat to catch it. That’s why I don’t take her to SeaWorld.
They’re not dating. They’re just two friends who went out to dinner.
Hey, lots of people wear matching pajamas who aren’t dating.
She and Amy are out dress shopping for their prom thing.
Bernie’s really excited. I could tell because her voice got so high, the beagle next door started howling.
You know exactly who it is. He’s gonna bring my mom. Why did you even invite him?
I didn’t take her, she was a chaperone.
What was I gonna do? They were playing our song. I can’t take this anymore.
Stuart, we have to talk. This thing with you and my mom, I hate it. It’s making me crazy. You and I were friends for years, and now you’re bringing my mother to a party I’m going to? What the hell?
Oh, so now you’re cheating on my mother?
Do you like her because you both have red hair?
She is my second cousin. We were 15, I just said, don’t say it.
Why would you even come to this? Didn’t you know I’d be here?
Not until he stops humping his way up my family tree.
Damn, can you imagine being married to someone for 40 years?
So I found this fencing school in Burbank that has a Jedi class. And if you’re cool being the only adults there, they said they are.
Oh, my God, I, I’m sorry. I mean, if you’re not up to it, we don’t have to go out, we can just hang here.
Why? Your father barely speaks to your mother.
As you can see, we’re here to cheer you up.
What are you talking about? We’re fine. And Raj’s parents probably split up because of Raj.
They always say the children aren’t to blame, but, come on.
And here I am in the trap. You just keep talking. I’m gonna chew my leg off.
Okay. The truth is, sometimes, you’re too beautiful.
Okay, okay. I really don’t like how your wings poke me when we sleep ’cause you’re an angel.
I just don’t think the secret to a happy marriage is going out of our way to criticize each other. Although, there are ways to improve our communication. One thing I learned when I was in couples therapy was…
Anyway, the therapist had us tell each other what we loved about one another.
Thank you. And I love that you’re strong and independent.
I love that I’m kind of a slob around here, and you’re okay with that.
I love that you’re too good to pee in the kitchen sink.
And I love how your hair is always on the soap. It’s like washing myself with a hamster.
We’re just saying all the things we love about each other.
Well, that’s understandable. You forgot. It’s called happy.
I’m not saying anything bad. Just that she was in love with her captor and somehow managed to escape from his dark and crazy dungeon.
Yeah. I mean, not like our wedding beautiful.
We’ll say it was beautiful in the comment section.
I don’t know. It’s a mess. They had a huge fight in Vegas.
I don’t know. Sounds pretty bad. Penny’s back in her apartment all by herself.
Mm, boy, that’s one of those jobs that’s boring, boring, boring, then, oh, God, where’s the memo with what we do now?
Wait a second. How could you do that without consulting me?
That’s not the point. When we created Footprints on the Moon, we agreed that every band decision would be mutual. Now you’re just trying to take over the whole thing. You know, maybe I should go solo.
All right. This thing’s bigger than you and me, band’s back together.
Why do rock stars do drugs when this feels so great?
Something badass, you know, like, thanks for diggin’ our vibe. We’ll keep rockin’ if you keep rollin’.
Damn. I don’t know if he’s our biggest fan or I’m his. Hey, Trent just liked our comment.
Look at this. Trent is rebuilding a vintage motorcycle.
Uh, did you forget? We’re in a band.
And at the children’s hospital until they asked us to leave.
Really? You want to go down there and meet him?
After that, all I did was check out his profile, go back in the archive of his feed until I found his Twitter handle.
So if you think that’s creepy, you married the wrong guy.
Could you imagine? What a cool way for us to meet. He’s playing our song and looks up, and there we are, his favorite two-piece acoustic sci-fi novelty rock band.
Well, we could wait a couple days and see it together. (all laugh)
It’s like going with your grandpa. Instead of eating popcorn, he brings little pieces of chicken in Tupperware and a thermos full of soup.
Oh, make sure to wear sensible shoes. Wil, want to go to Star Wars Thursday?
I know. We’ve been waiting so long for this.
Bernie and I are getting the house ready for the remodel. We could always use an extra pair of hands.
Well, what if you make an appointment as a patient? Then you’ll get to talk to her.
I know. It’s not like he returns the favour when he watches his Japanese porn cartoons.
Wow. I thought I was done getting lucky tonight.
You know, once we get the house back to ourselves, we can be romantic in any room we want.
Yeah. A grown man moving into his own apartment. Crazy times. See ya.
No kidding. Oh, okay, I’m about to suck something up. What do you think this object sounds like?
Well, I was thinking a home theatre or a gaming room, you know, like a man cave.
As long as it has a home theatre, a video game system and you’re not allowed in it, you can call it whatever you want.
Well, what do you think we should do?
I’ll give it to him next time I see him.
No. You’d think he would’ve called once he got settled in.
Too busy to call? He wasn’t too busy to binge-watch Hot in Cleveland with my Hulu password. What is happening? Are we missing him?
Of course not. He drove us crazy. Like when you were gonna make that pie and Stuart ate all the blueberries.
He was being a jerk to everyone. Don’t take it personally.
You know, Amy took some time off from him. Really improved their relationship.
We should all take a trip or something.
Wait, that’s an option? I didn’t know that was an option.
That’s ridiculous. If you had a superpower, and spent your whole life being told to suppress it, when you finally decide to embrace that power, why hide in isolation?
I’m just saying, instead of Let it Go, she should really sing, Look At Me Hiding in a Freezer Like a Dove Bar.
Here we are talking about Frozen, and yet, you got burned.
Oh, that’s what I said an hour ago.
You should’ve seen us after The Good Dinosaur.
He does, and he has the Lilo & Stitch collector plates to prove it.
What are you doing? You have a girlfriend.
So, how do you think she’d feel about you helping a beautiful girl with her screenplay?
Me, too. And I think you’re even more beautiful than this rose.
Okay, so far we’ve heard, made up my mind I’m dumping Emily.
And made up my mind, I’ll ask for a threesome and if they say no, play it off as a joke.
Sorry, Bernie and I are breaking in the new hot tub, if you know what I mean.
Does this have to do with that girl you had coffee with?
You’ve been talking about breaking up with Emily forever. Why don’t you just do it already?
I’m gonna check the temp on the tub.
Sorry, but too hot is the only temperature I come in.
You’re welcome. Um, question, this is my first hot tub, is it supposed to come with a rat flopping around in it?
Uh, you turn off the jets, I’ll get a strainer from the kitchen.
Good, I don’t know where we keep the strainer.
I hope you don’t think I’m just saying this because it’s Valentine’s Day, but, I love you so much.
Well, should we put it back in there a few minutes?
Um, taking care of injured rabbit. Okay. Make sure it’s comfortable and warm. Well, it was just in a hot tub. I’m gonna say check.
To make sure it’s not dehydrated, feed him an electrolyte solution. If it’s not responding, use a warm cloth to wash its face and genitals. Yeah.
You’re gonna have to wait one hour until you can go swimming again.
Nice. A classic rabbit name. Peter Rabbit, Roger Rabbit. Valentino Wolowitz Rabbit. Oh, look at all that chest hair and overbite. Of course you’re a Wolowitz. Son of a bitch, he bit me.
No, I’m not okay. Wild rabbits can have rabies.
How can it be fine? I just got attacked by a clearly anti-Semitic wild animal.
It says, rabies in rabbits is highly unlikely.
It’s not terrific. Lots of highly unlikely things happen. You saw what’s under this robe, and you still married me.
Good. Thank you. Oh, okay, there is a test. All they have to do is cut off his head and check his brain.
He’s not showing any symptoms. I guess I’ll just go to the emergency room to be safe.
No, when I sat on the mute button and thought I’d gone deaf, that was my hypochondria.
Continued on milk. If you’re tricking me into making my own breakfast, it didn’t work for my mom, and it won’t work for you. Are. We are. See spoons for more.
Oh, my God. This is incredible. We’re gonna be parents? We’re gonna get to board planes first. Finally gonna get to see what’s in that family bathroom at the mall.
It is crazy. Oh. I mean, how do you prepare for something like this? I’m not even sure I’ve held a baby before.
But how’s this all gonna work? Do we get a nanny? I mean, can we afford a nanny? And if we can, we can’t get a pretty one, ’cause it’ll wreck our marriage. We can’t get an ugly one, ’cause it’ll scare the kid.
Are we in a good school district? You’re Catholic, I’m Jewish. What religion do we raise it? And if it’s a boy, do we get him circumcised? People say it’s barbaric, but if we don’t, it looks like a pig in a blanket.
How’s it gonna be okay? Look at me, I’m a mess. And that means this baby’s gonna be half a mess. And that’s even before we screw it up with our cut-rate moderately attractive nanny.
Yeah, um, in a minute. I actually need to tell you guys something.
I shouldn’t be raising a kid. I don’t even eat my own vegetables.
And then there’s this nose. I mean, what if he looks like me? Or worse, what if she looks like me?
Oh, my God, and do you have any idea how expensive having a kid is?
A million dollars? God, it’s like my nuts just kicked me in the nuts. That’s it, I got to start earning more money right now.
You’re right, it is, I’m just a little overwhelmed right now.
Well, look at this. I bet whoever invented tiny umbrellas doesn’t have to worry about money. He can have all the kids he wants.
If I’m gonna have any chance of raising this kid, I need to come up with a big idea to make some money.
That’s easy for you to say. You and Sheldon already came up with your superfluid helium model.
Okay, how about this for an invention, slightly bigger cocktail umbrellas.
I don’t know, all Apple does is change the size of things and we keep buying them.
Maybe that’s an idea, guidance systems for drunk people.
Hey. In your supercooled helium experiments, did you create quantum vortices?
Well, if you made a guidance system, couldn’t you use those vortices as a gyroscope?
And since it’s in a quantum state, it would maintain an infinite persistence.
If this is a viable thing, we could get a patent and license it to companies that make guidance systems.
I’m really glad you’re here. Can we talk?
I’m sorry I freaked out this morning. I want you to know I’m done being scared.
Thank God, ’cause I was lying, you might not have to wait nine months to see someone soil their pants. But I’m also really excited. I mean it.
I love you. Mmm. And I’m not just saying that because your breasts are gonna get bigger.
I’d like to dedicate my last song of the evening to my wife, best friend, and now the mother of our child. I love you, Bernie. (Singing) Havin’ my baby, what a lovely way of sayin’ how much you love me. Havin’ my baby, what a lovely way of sayin’ what you’re thinkin’ of me.
You have any idea what you’re getting Sheldon for his birthday?
Really? You’re ahead of Bale? The man who personified the words, I’m Batman.
Can we just all agree we’re worried about Affleck?
Okay, then, uh, Sheldon, we’ve known each other a long time. And it is a pleasure to work with you and call you my friend.
Okay, I gotta ask, why are you wearing a bow tie?
Is the impression that your first name is Pee-Wee?
Can you imagine if we make money with this?
That old sad story, guy gets a little money, goes straight up his nose.
Wait, so this can turn out to be a financial success, and I get nothing?
We can’t. It says on their Web site, as long as we work there, they have a controlling ownership of anything we come up with.
I guess that is a way around this. You guys would be cool doing it like that?
Yeah, one sec. I just need to sign this contract.
Well, we ran into a problem about my share of the patent, so we’re forming a partnership to split anything we make equally.
Bernie, the guys were nice enough to find a way to keep me from being cut out.
Can I talk to you in the hall?
What’s to think about? We have an invention and want to move forward.
All right, if you’re gonna calmly make excellent points, then I don’t know if I want to talk to you. Okay. I get it. And it’s sweet that you’re worried about me, but I can take care of myself.
Here we go with the ironclad logic again.
Is the foetus helping you? ‘Cause that’s cheating.
Yeah. But, um, we were talking, and I’m a little concerned about the three of us forming a partnership.
Sheldon, my concern is not with the money or anything. It’s, it’s with how you treat me.
See? This is what happens every time we work together.
Article three, as it pertains to this project, Dr. Sheldon Cooper promises to abstain from all insulting or disrespectful language directed toward Howard Wolowitz, including but not limited to mockery of engineering, his height, his hair, his wardrobe, and his insane belief that the Ghost Rider movie was, quote, not that bad.
Scientifically? A little over a year ago. LEGOs? Last week in my room.
There’s a lot of tedious setup, but once we get through that it should go quicker.
While we finish soldering these boards, it’d be great if you guys could wrap these pipe fittings with Teflon tape.
I don’t know if we have enough solder to finish these circuit boards.
What can I say, I play hard, I solder even harder.
Remember when her fun was nightclubs and drinking games?
Wait. I bet it’s Suicide Squad. Let’s check it out.
Penny just said they’re having fun. Honestly, you want to wrap tape around a bunch of pipe fittings all afternoon?
But we’re gonna have to put the spare on before we go back.
Well, I keep telling you, good things happen to bad people.
Raj. He really wants to see this movie.
I know. I want to make him feel bad.
We went to a movie and lied about it, but we feel bad and want to make it up to you.
You know what wasn’t anti-climactic? The end of the movie. Get this.
Leonard asked me to keep it to myself.
You think it’s hard having one wife, try having two.
Look, I know it’s a lot of money, but the guy at the store said in five to seven years, it’ll pay for itself.
And you have every right to be mad about those things. So, why don’t you let me handle the credit card bill this month, huh? I mean, don’t even look at it.
And I wish Leonard never told me. He’s the bad guy here.
And you let Penny marry him. Compared to that, who cares if I bought a George Clooney limited edition manscaping kit?
Bernadette and I have occasionally gone to one to, you know, stay on top of things.
Dude, just because we’re best friends doesn’t mean that I have to tell you everything that goes on.
Then I won’t say I’d like to cover three-quarters of her surface area.
Did you get graham crackers? I mean, are, wuh, is the baby okay?
I didn’t know you needed help running errands today.
Oh. Well, I guess that’s kind of sweet.
Okay, that is the least Jewish thing I’ve ever seen in my life. You feel like Raj is getting a little carried away with all the baby stuff?
All right, if you say so. What’s in the box?
So he can be part of the experience?
I’m surprised he let us conceive without him.
Raj just pulled up. I’m gonna say something to him.
So you don’t think he needs to rein it in a little?
And you’re not concerned he’s acting like somehow this is his kid, too?
Look, Raj, you’re my best friend in the world and I really appreciate your enthusiasm about the baby.
The three of us aren’t having this baby. Just the two of us.
Oh. Okay. Yeah, I get it. I’ll back off.
I feel like I just made a horrible mistake.
But on the other hand, I didn’t kick him out of our lives. I just asked him to back off a little.
No, Raj, you’ve been great. I just, I need to start doing my part around here.
Well, not right now. But we could try out that microphone you got us, and listen to the baby’s heartbeat.
Hey, who found four dollars and change on the beach with his metal detector?
But Batman is a man. You’re talking about a man who would have the powers of a man. That’s just Man-Man.
I know. Scientists have tried to reproduce it with computational models, but, in each case, the world blows up.
I know. Imagine if we were actually moving.
You’re exhausted? Try folding every five pages in a pregnancy book so your wife thinks you read it.
You sure you don’t want to come watch Game of Thrones with us?
I’m not sure if I’m hoping for a boy or a girl. I mean, if it’s a boy, I’m gonna have to teach him to play catch. Which means I’m gonna have to google how to play catch. If it’s a girl, I mean, they’re so innocent and you know how guys are.
Actually, what you’re doing is pretending to complain, but really trying to brag.
Oh, I wish could enjoy a cup of tea without a naked girl bouncing up and down on me.
Don’t you hate it when you can’t remember whose bra it is you found wedged in your couch?
Oh, please. What could you possibly have that I would be jealous of?
As long as I don’t have to watch with him.
Tell me about it. I’ve had it with Raj, too.
Interesting. Maybe my male cycle synced up with Raj’s actual period.
Yeah. Cap’n Crunch with Crunch Berries, move on.
I don’t know. I like the pain of others.
Um, guys? Were there any nuts in that food?
I’m fine. Just a little embarrassed I had to be carried down the stairs like a baby. Thanks.
‘Cause we’re not in it for the stuff. We’re in it for the groupies.
Well, we’re out. Bernie can’t drink ’cause she’s pregnant. And she’s pregnant because we had sex. And we had sex because, well, come on.
I bet you’d like a drink right now.
You know, I don’t remember the last time it was just you and me hanging out.
Oh, yeah, and we said we should do it more often. And, and, and, and, and here we are.
I know. What are they gonna talk about?
We’ve actually been working on a prototype for a navigation system we invented.
Yeah, you know, the boxer who grew a moustache and became a scientist.
Well, we’re using quantum vortices to replace gyroscopes in guidance systems.
You could put it in a satellite or a rocket, and it’ll run forever.
Yeah, but we didn’t create it for weapons.
Same reason I don’t talk about ass cancer. It’s not a pleasant topic.
Take a step back? I’m not a young man any more.
But I got a baby on the way. I got to make some money.
Okay, let me stop you right there. We absolutely know our invention will not be used to destroy the world.
Because no one from the future has come back to kill us.
Okay, then. Geez, how much wine did you drink?
In fact, that’s usually the trick to it. What time do we need to get there?
If you really care that much, there are apps now that’ll let you hire people to do stuff like errands and wait in lines.
Some of these guys make over $20 an hour.
We’ve waited in a lot of lines together, haven’t we?
Not the stick chair. You look like an idiot on that thing.
You look like you come with a kickstand.
I’ll give you a dollar if you make fun of Raj.
Uh, if you ever need a reference or anything, just let me know.
We’re near the front of the line. We’ll get in either way.
I can’t believe we’re gonna get beat up, and it’s not because of your chair.
Look. The system is maintaining its own stability, the quantum vortex apparatus is now controlling the orientation.
Yeah. I do. It’s proof of concept. We’ve got a workable guidance system.
Thanks. Hey, I just got an e-mail from the U.S. Air Force.
Hmm. We request a meeting at your earliest convenience regarding your quantum guidance system, provisional patent 62/295118. That’s weird.
I can’t believe I was so naive. The military is just gonna take over the whole project. And you know what happens if we object? We disappear. Like off the map. Like every American Idol winner since season four.
Am I? Am I? What, what do you want to bet some black ops guy is reprinting my high school yearbook and I’m no longer in it? That chess club picture is now just David Zimmerman and Elaine Cho.
Oh, please, that’s not how it works. You saw E.T., Avatar, Jurassic World. The military just shows up and takes over.
I don’t know what to do. It’s the Air Force. I mean, should I respond to their e-mail? Ignore it?
One sec. I’m just afraid if I respond, then they’ll know I got it.
It’s not nonsense. This is how the U.S. military works.
You’re right. We turn our guidance system over to them, next thing we know, they’re using it against us.
Are you kidding? They’re probably the ones who leaked it to the military in the first place.
I’m being harassed by the government, not trying to get to the bottom of a dog-walking scam.
I’m not being ridiculous, he’s right on my tail.
I’m telling you, I’m not on drugs. The government’s out to get me.
Actually, we’re not going to the movies. We are here to kidnap you.
I told you to put tape on his mouth.
Well, Sheldon, there’s something about this van that you’re going to find very interesting.
Yeah. A buddy of mine let me borrow it.
I bet he picked up a lot of cute grad students in this bad boy.
Okay, calm down. There’s a theme to this weekend. We are going to Mexico in Feynman’s van to stay at the vacation house Feynman bought with the money from his Nobel Prize.
You don’t need a yellow fever shot to go to Mexico.
Oh, not a problem. If anything goes down, we just put Koothrappali in the driver’s seat and slap a sombrero on his head.
I don’t know. Have you watched the Olympics with me?
Hey, I have to return this van. Keep your creative juices in your pants.
Every self-respecting gentleman should know how in case he comes across a damsel in distress by the side of the road.
No. I took the other four off and when I got to this one, I thought, you know, I’m in a rut, let’s shake things up.
Exactly. I’ll bet there’s something around here that could be a lever.
No, it’s too broad of a beam. You’d need something more precise, like Superman’s heat vision.
We have plenty of food for the animals.
Yep. A six-foot wiener in a Flash T-shirt.
It’s burning salsa. I’m hoping the acidity and salinity combined with electricity will corrode the lug nut off.
Great. Couple of pinches ought to do the trick.
You put up a good fight, lug nut, but you’ve met your match.
What kind of music are you thinking of?
Well, it could be fun to try a little acoustic thing.
You know, I’ve actually had one I’ve been sitting on for years.
It was for this power trio I tried to put together in junior high, but I was short two friends.
Is it cold in here, ’cause, oh, my.
Thor versus Indiana Jones? You just blew my filking mind.
Oh yes, definitely. Hang on. Thunder clapped as Thor raised his mighty hammer. Indy rapped, that’s one bad mamma-jamma.
Who cares? I thought the whole point of Footprints on the Moon was to write songs that make people think.
Where’s this coming from? A few hours ago, we both loved this song.
You are such a wimp. She didn’t like it, now you don’t like it.
The past was lunch. You know what’s really happening here? Your girlfriend is breaking up our band.
Oh, please. Your brain belongs to whoever’s willing to sleep with you.
Really? Remember when you were gonna get circumcised for Rachel Bernstein?
I don’t need this. I’m quitting the band.
Indy held his ground, and straightened his fedora.
No, Bernadette got me a Fitbit so she can track how much I’m exercising.
Yeah, I can’t wait to see the look on her face when I die young.
The other day, when she tried to put that Fitbit on me and I ran away from her.
You make an excellent point. Ooh, I think I’m getting a runner’s high.
When you’re in a public restroom, which foot do you flush the toilet with?
Oh, God, I am going to feel this tomorrow.
My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
My name is Darth Vader. I am your father. Prepare to die.
Sheldon, instead of focusing on Amy dating other guys, maybe you should start thinking about dating another girl.
If you need liquid helium so bad, I know a guy who can get you some, if you don’t ask too many questions.
If you wanted me to stay out later, you should’ve given me more spending money.
Hang on, I’m trying to find you the next great love of your life. The man who will father your children. Okay, yes or no on white guy with dreadlocks?
Unless they’re sitting on the end of his nose.
Not really. Visigoths are kind of up my butt right now.
Oh, honey, of course it’s your house. Why else would you be cleaning it all the time?
Oh. Making myself a bologna sandwich like my mom used to make me after my dad left, but before she died.
No way. No, this is the room I associate the most with my mom.
I guess we didn’t use it very often. Unless we had company. Which didn’t happen much after my dad left and not at all after my mom…
Yes. So back me up. The house is good the way it is.
Look, uh, I don’t even think you can take this wall down ’cause it’s load-bearing.
Yeah. Yeah, I feel like an archaeologist. Indiana Jones and the Single-Family Dwelling. Hey. Look. Found a seashell.
Sorry. Do you have a sense of where we are?
Oh. Okay, so we must be under the dining room.
That’s not true at all. I wish she’d get pregnant, believe me. I’m climbing on top of her every chance I get. In a loving and respectful manner. The point is, I really do want kids.
I don’t know why she’s lying to you. She’s the one who doesn’t want kids. In fact, every time I bring up the subject…
But you were okay throwing me under the bus?
All right, I admit that I don’t help out a lot. And I need to work on that. But if we had a kid, it would be different.
Because when my dad left, I promised myself that if I ever had a chance to be a father I’d always be there.
And this an actual I’ll think about it, not like the can we get a motorcycle with a sidecar I’ll think about it”?
I really believe I’d be a great dad.
Speaking of making babies, what do you say I wash up and poke around your crawlspace?
You sure you’re up for that? She did hurt you.
I think the quickest way to find you a new girlfriend is just to get you on every dating Web site out there.
If you don’t want to use dating Web sites, what do you suggest?
You seriously think women would fight for you?
He’s right, he knows a lot of jokes.
I have an idea. What if we put a post on Craigslist that says world-class Caltech physicist seeking girlfriend. If interested, solve the following puzzles for a chance to meet him.
Well, this is actually an interesting social experiment.
Then using that number as the average speed to calculate the travel time from Mordor to the Shire.
Well, if she can solve them, it’ll prove she’s intelligent, tenacious and so socially awkward she has nothing better to do on a Saturday night.
And no matter what happens, this is still a fun experiment.
I’ve been telling women that for 20 years.
Maybe she’s waiting to show up at the last possible moment.
Maybe we did make the test too difficult.
It’s an actual girl, and she’s really pretty.
So now anyone can control your phone? Hey, Siri, show me pictures of naked grandma butts.
Oh. Cool. (In thick Indian accent) Hey, Siri, show me pictures of naked grandma butts.
Oh, I can’t. I’m going to the soup kitchen, too.
If you can’t support me when I’m lying, why are we married?
Six hours? Oh, God, I don’t want to complain for that long.
I happen to be a giving and generous lover.
Maybe I’m happy that so many people turned up to help the less fortunate.
So we don’t even get to be up front where the action is?
I don’t know. I was hoping some poor kid would come up to me and say, please, sir, I want some more.
It’s not like I’m expecting them to sing.
All right, I think I’m getting into a groove here. This isn’t so bad.
Just because you have that accent doesn’t mean what you say isn’t stupid.
Oh, man. I, what an honour to meet you. I’m, I’m such a fan of Tesla and SpaceX. All your companies. Howard Wolowitz, Caltech.
Oh, yeah. Nothing better than helping people. Which is something I realized when I was viewing Earth from the deck of the International Space Station, where I spent two months as a payload specialist, a job I was qualified for because I’m an MIT-trained engineer.
Sorry. It’s just, you’re you, you know? And I really want you to adopt me.
Oh. I made my wife come down, too.
Is that a job offer? ‘Cause I really want to go to Mars. Assuming I can bring my wife. She hardly takes up any room. She’s basically a carry-on.
A partially eaten piece of pumpkin pie from a homeless shelter? With Elon Musk, you bet I do.
