So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realise I am totally naked.
Then I look down, and I realise there's a phone... there.
All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. And it turns out it's my mother, which is very weird, because- she never calls me! 
Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian...  Did I say that out loud?
 Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Please don't do that again, it's a horrible sound.
I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,... it doesn't make much of a difference...
You're right, I'm sorry.  'Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..' 
Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
Yeah, I think for us, kissing is pretty much like an opening act, y'know? I mean it's like the stand-up comedian you have to sit through before Pink Floyd comes out.
The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake.
Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding.
Oh, uh, that would be mine. See, I wrote a note to myself, and then I realised I didn't need it, so I balled it up and...  ...now I wish I was dead. 
Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow.
 Ew, ew, ew, ew ew ew ew ew!
You don't get a lot of 'doy' these days...
Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne...
Kinda puts that whole pillow thing in perspective, huh, Mon?
I mean presumably, the biggest part of your job is done.
Well, no, although I did have an imaginary friend, who... my parents actually preferred.
I dunno, but.. I think it's about to attack the Enterprise.
Or 'You're such a nice guy' means 'I'm gonna be dating leather-wearing alcoholics and complaining about them to you'.
Yeah, it's like when you're a kid, and your parents put your dog to sleep, and they tell you it went off to live on some farm.
"So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?"
Okay. "So. Whaddya want from me, Damone, huh?"
I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone.
It's fine, it's fine. Look, do you wanna get this part, or not? Here. 
Don't think of it as a cigarette. Think of it as the thing that's been missing from your hand. When you're holding it, you feel right. You feel complete.
Nah, not so much. Alright, now we smoke.  Oh.. my.. God.  
All right! I'm putting it out, I'm putting it out. 
What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry.
Oh, yeah. I'd marry him just for his David Hasselhof impression alone. You know I'm gonna be doing that at parties, right? 
Yep, we sure showed those Hassidic jewellers a thing or two about softball..
I personally could have a gallon of Alan.
Well, maybe it's a contest, y'know? Like, collect all five?
So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? 
Hey, y'know, I have had it with you guys and your cancer and your emphysema and your heart disease. The bottom line is, smoking is cool, and you know it.
Really? He does?  Hey, buddy, what's up! Oh, she told you about that, huh. Well, yeah, I have one now and then. Well, yeah, now. Well, it's not that big- ..well, that's true,.. Gee, y'know, no-one- no-one's ever put it like that before. Well, okay, thanks! 
Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too.
Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong?
 I don't care, I don't care! Game's over! I'm weak! I've gotta smoke! I've gotta have the smoke!
Uh, if I were omnipotent for a day, I'd.. make myself omnipotent forever.
Well, aren't we Mr. "The glass is half empty".
Eleven days before Hallowe'en.. all the good costumes are gone?
 C'mon, Ross! You, me, Joey, ice, guys' night out, c'mon, whaddya say, big guy,  huh? huh? huh?
We'll take a brief time out while Messier stops to look at some women's shoes.
What? There was ice there that night with Carol? Plastic seats? Four thousand angry Pittsburgh fans?
 See buddy, that's all you need, a bunch of toothless guys hitting each other with sticks.
Hey, look, we're on that TV thing!   SCENE
Listen, it's kind of an emergency. Well, I guess you know that, or we'd be in the predicament room. 
Excuse me, look, we've been here for over an hour, and a lot of people less sick than my friend have gone in. I mean, that guy with the toe thing? Who's he sleeping with? 
Oh, c'mon Dora, don't be mad... I know we both said some things we didn't mean, but that doesn't mean we still don't love each other.  Y'know, I feel like I've lost her..  Ba-! 
Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please?
Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women?
So in your whole life, you've only been with one-  -oh.
I think it's great. Y'know, it's sweet, it's romantic..
Oh, I thought you were great in Silence of the Lambs. Oh come on, admit it! All things considered, you had fun tonight.
Hello? Oh, uh, Rachel, it's the Visa card people.
So, Saturday night, the big night, date night, Saturday night, Sat-ur-day night!
No, I know, but it's just so hard, you know? I mean, you're sitting there with her, she has no idea what's happening, and then you finally get up the courage to do it, and there's the horrible awkward moment when you've handed her the note.
Oh, thanks, but I think she'd feel like we're gangin' up on her.
Ooh, I hate when my father calls me that.
Oh. Well, hold on camper, are you sure you've thought this thing through?
It's just you and Rachel, just the two of you? This is a date. You're going on a date.
Well, you may wanna rethink the dirty underwear. This is basically the first time she's gonna see your underwear--do you want it to be dirty?
It's great. Maybe tomorrow we can rent a car and run over some puppies.
Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Janice. Hi, Janice. Ok, here we go. I don't think we should go out anymore. Janice.
Here's the thing, Janice. You know, I mean, it's like we're different. I'm like the bing, bing, bing. You're like the boom, boom, ... boom.
Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?
You can always spot someone who's never seen one of his plays before. Notice, no fear, no sense of impending doom...
 There's a beautiful woman at eight, nine, ten o'clock!
She's amazing! She makes the women that I dream about look like short, fat, bald men!
Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Oh please, could she be more out of my league? Ross, back me up here.
Oh God, I can't believe I'm even considering this... I'm very very aware of my tongue...
Hi.... um... okay, next word... would be... Chandler! Chandler is my name, and, uh... ...hi.
Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. 
 She said yes!! She said yes!!  Awful play, man. Whoah.  Her name's Aurora, and she's Italian, and she pronounces my name 'Chand-lrr'. 'Chand-lrr'. I think I like it better that way.  Oh, listen, the usher gave me this to give to you. 
Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
It was unbelievable. I-I've never met anyone like her. She's had the most amazing life! She was in the Israeli army... 
Alright. Once I got on the subway, right, and it was at night, and I rode it all the way to Brooklyn... just for the hell of it.
We talked 'til like two. It was this perfect evening... more or less.
So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Well, y'know, I had some trouble with it at first too, but the way I look at it is, I get all the good
Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Thank God you didn't try to fan out the magazines. I mean, she'll scratch your eyes right out.
Someone's left a glass on the coffee table. There's no coaster. It's a cold drink, it's a hot day. Little beads of condensation are inching their way closer and closer to the surface of the wood...
Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into showbusiness.
Oh, that would be Monica. Hey, listen, I wanna borrow a coupla things, Aurora spent the night, I really wanna make her breakfast.
Yeah, well, I only have twenty minutes until Ethan, so, y'know.. 
No, no resentment, believe me, it's worth it. 'Kay? Y'know in a relationship you have these key moments that you know you'll remember for the rest of your life? Well, every- single- second is like that with Aurora.. and I've just wasted about thirty-five of them talking to you people, so, uh.. Monica, can you help me with the door? 
No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
Well, I thought- I thought you talked to Rick.
What, Ethan? He got to spend the whole day with you!
I know there'll be many moments in the years to come when I'll regret asking the following question, but- And Andrew is?
Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Well, y'know, most women would kill for three guys like us.
...Well, y'know, part of me wants that, but it's like I'm two guys, y'know? I mean, one guy's going 'Shut up! This is great!' But there's this other guy. Actually it's the same guy that wells up every time that Grinch's heart grows three sizes and breaks that measuring device... And he's saying, y'know, 'This is too hard! Get out! Get out!'
I don't know, I-I have to listen to both of them, they don't exactly let each other finish...
Sorry, the first guy runs the lips.  SCENE
Oh my God, it's that Victoria's Secret model. Something... something Goodacre.
She's right, it's Jill. Jill Goodacre. Oh my God. I am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill Goodacre!  Is it a vestibule? Maybe it's an atrium. Oh, yeah, that is the part to focus on, you idiot!
Oh! Some guy. Some guy. 'Hey Jill, I saw you with some guy last night. Yes, he was some guy. 
Alright, alright, alright. It's been fourteen and a half minutes and you still have not said one word. Oh God, do something. Just make contact, smile! 
Yeah, about 300 guys I went to high school with. Yeah, thanks. 
Yeah, I'm fine.  I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth Jll Gdcr!
I'm trppd... in an ATM vstbl... wth JLL GDCR.
Yeah, like that thought never entered my mind.
Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental
You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection.  'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
 Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go. 
Nice going, imp. OK, it's OK. All I need to do is reach over and put it in my mouth. 
Good save! We're back on track, and I'm...  ..chewing someone else's gum. This is not my gum. Oh my God! Oh my God! And now you're choking. 
Yes. Yes, thanks for letting me use your phone... and for saving my life.
Dehydrated Japanese noodles under fluorescent lights... does it get better than this?
Ah, y'see, perfect might be a problem. Had you said 'co-dependent', or 'self-destructive'...
...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Huh. Did, uh... any of the rest of you guys think that when you first met me?
You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Ross is smart and funny, d'you ever think that about him?
Oh, oh, a quality, good, because I was worried you guys were gonna be vague about this. 
I just have to know, okay. Is it my hair?
No, nono, don't- don't worry about it. Believe me, apparently other people have made the same mistake.
So, uh... what do you think it is about me?
Lowell? Financial Services' Lowell, that's who you saw me with?
No! Uh, I d'know! The point is, if you were gonna set me up with someone, I'd like to think you'd set me up with someone like him.
Excuse me? You don't think I could get a Brian? Because I could get a Brian. Believe you me. ...I'm really not. 
Well, don't we look nice all dressed up?...It's stuff like that, isn't it?  Scene
Nothing, just your overcoat sounds remarkably like Brent Mussberger.
You're watching a football game at a funeral?
Hi, I'm Chandler, and I have no idea who Dorothy is. 
So how's it going there in Financial Services?
Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
So you don't think I have a, a quality?
And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
That's so funny, 'cause I was thinking you look more like Joey Tribbiani, man slash woman.
Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Good luck, man. I hope you get it.
I'd just like to say that I'm totally behind this experiment. In fact, I'd very much like to butter your head. 
We just finished this magnificent Thanksgiving dinner. I have--and I remember this part vividly--a mouthful of pumpkin pie, and this is the moment my parents choose to tell me they're getting divorced.
Yes. It's very difficult to appreciate a Thanksgiving dinner once you've seen it in reverse.
No, I prefer to keep a safe distance from all this merriment. 
Ok, we all laughed when you did it with the stuffing, but that's not funny anymore. 
The most unbelievable thing has happened. Underdog has just gotten away.
No, no, the actual cartoon character. Of course the balloon. It's all over the news. Right before he reached Macy's, he broke free and was spotted flying over Washington Square Park. I'm goin' to the roof, who's with me?
Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Ok, Monica, only dogs can hear you now, so, look, the door's open. Here we go. 
Ok, who wants light cheese, and who wants dark cheese?
I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Hey, that monkey's got a Ross on its ass!
Nothing for you, you have Paolo. You don't have to face the horrible pressures of this
It's just that I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday. I say this year, no dates, we make a pact. Just the six of us- dinner.
Y'know, I was hoping for a little more enthusiasm.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
I snapped, okay? I couldn't handle the pressure and I snapped.
I'm not saying it was a good idea, I'm saying I snapped! 
Y'know, if you're gonna work late, I could look in on him for you.
Okay, but if he asks, I'm not going to lie. 
That's so weird, I had such a blast with him the other night.
Yeah, we played, we watched TV.. that juggling thing is amazing.
With the balled-up socks? I figured you taught him that.
Y'know, it wasn't that big a deal. He just balled up socks... and a melon... 
Alright, Janice, that's it! Janice... Janice... Hey, Janice, when I invited you to this party I didn't necessarily think that it meant that we-
 And then the peacock bit me.  Please kiss me at midnight. 
Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
And the moment of joy is upon us.
Y'know, I uh.. just thought I'd throw this out here. I'm no math whiz, but I do believe there are three girls and three guys right here. 
Alright, somebody kiss me. Somebody kiss me, it's midnight! Somebody kiss me!
Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
Y'know, we don't have to watch this. Weekend at Bernie's is on Showtime, HBL and Cinemax.
Exactly. Weekend at Bernie's! Dead guy getting hit in the groin twenty, thirty times! No?
Yeah, well, you wouldn't think it was cool if you're eleven years old and all your friends are passing around page 79 of 'Mistress Bitch'.
You can say that because she's not your mom.
This is the way that I find out. Most moms use the phone. Jay Leno
Please God don't let it be Kung Pow Chicken. Mrs.
Well, I think you need to come out of your shell just a little.
Okay, you guys spend waaaay too much time together. 
I can't believe it. Paolo kissed my mom?
I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
 I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
Y'know, of all my friends, no-one knows the crap I go through with my mom more than you.
I'm still mad at you for not telling me.
Yeah, I believe I was talking to Joey, alright there, Mother-Kisser? 
Yes, well, I expect this from her. Okay? She's always been a Freudian nightmare.
Because it's complicated, it's complex- Hey, you kissed my mom! 
That would be no. Look, just because you played tonsil tennis with my mom doesn't mean you know her. Alright? Trust me, you can't talk to her.
No, just knowing you're gonna be there is enough. Mrs.
You kissed my best Ross! ...Or something to that effect. Mrs.
No no no no, we're done. OPENING CREDITS
Ok, you're going to have to stop that, forever! 
Ok, so it's just because it was my table, I have to buy a new one?
What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
Well, I believe the piece of furniture was fine until your little breakfast adventure with Angela Delvecchio
Well, let's just say the impressions you made in the butter left little to the imagination.
What do you mean, like, buy it together?
You think we're ready for something like that?
Well, it's a big--it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Yeah, yeah, it's just that with my last roommate Kip
It's just that we bought a hibachi together, and then he ran off and got married, and things got pretty ugly
Oh, so, forget about the birds, but big red insects suggest fine dining!
Not like that, I won't!  Kip would have liked the birds! 
What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! 
That's a relatively open weave and I can still see your... nipular areas.
Oh, yes, could I have one of those-
No, she's still upset because I saw her boobies.
It was an accident. Not like I was across the street with a telescope and a box of donuts.
Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Whoah whoah, back up there, Sparky. What'd you mean by that?
Oh, it's nothing, it's a little thing... I hate that guy.
Uh, Joey's having an embolism, but I'd go for a Nip, y'know?  
Joey, if I go first, I wanna be looking for my keys.
So, who's up for a big game of Kerplunk?
C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by 'No thanks, it's late'.
Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Hey, you're not him. You're you. When they were all over you to go into your father's pipe-fitting business, did you cave?
No. You decided to go into the out-of-work actor business. Now that wasn't easy, but you did it! And I'd like to believe that when the right woman comes along, you will have the courage and the guts to say- 'No thanks, I'm married'.
Sorry, my- my thing was in there with me. 
Things sure have changed here on Waltons mountain.
If I turn into my parents, I'll either be an alcoholic blond chasing after twenty-year-old boys, or... I'll end up like my mom. 
Come on, Ross, you gotta get back in the game here, ok? The Rachel thing's not happening, your ex-wife is a lesbian--I don't think we need a third...
She'll love it. Go with the egg, my friend. 
No, it's suicide. The man's got an egg. Opening Credits
Yes, I know, but her friend sounds like such a--
Yes! Way to go, man!  Still got the egg, huh?
Oh, uh, I... don't... care.  Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Ok, I'm makin' a break for it, I'm goin' out the window.
Calm down? Calm down? You set me up with the woman that I've dumped twice in the last five months!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you're right.  Come on, do it, do it, go, come on!!!
Ok, you can not do this to me.
Joey's not a friend. He's...a stupid man who left us his credit card. Another drink? Some dessert? A big screen TV?
You got it. Good woman!  Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
That's right, each. Oh, and a uh Rob Roy.  I've always wanted to know...
No... no! And yet it did. Good-bye, Janice.
How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
Oh, man. In my next life, I'm coming back as a toilet brush. 
Is it loaded? Oh, little candy hearts.  Chan and Jan Forever.
Ok, Janice. Janice. Hey, Janice. Look, there's no way for me to tell you this. At least there's no new way for me to tell you this. I just don't things are gonna work out.
Ms. Tedlock. You're looking lovely today. And may I say, that is a very flattering sleeve length on you.
Oh, listen. If this is about those prank memos, I had nothing to do with them. Really. Nothing at all. Really. 
So, it's a typical day at work. I'm putting in my numbers, and then big Al calls me into his office and tells me he wants to make me processing supervisor.
Why? This was supposed to be a temp job!
If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
It doesn't matter. I just don't want to be one of those guys that's in his office until twelve o'clock at night worrying about the WENUS. 
Weekly Estimated Net Usage Systems. A processing term.
I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Yeah... I just don't have that much cheffing experience. Unless it's an all-toast restaurant.
Thanks, Phoeb. But I just don't see myself in a big white hat.
Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Well, I have an appointment to see Dr. Robert Pillman, career counselor a-gogo.  I added the "a-gogo".
Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn?  "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing... something.
Ooh, you know, I had a grape about five hours ago, so I'd better split this with you.
You know, I don't mean to brag, but I waited tables at Innsbruck in '76.  Amouz-bouche? 
It's OK. It's OK. I was always rooting for you two kids to get together.
 Hey Mr. Kostelic! How's life on the fifteenth floor?... Yeah, I miss you too. Yeah, it's a lot less satisfying to steal pens from your own home, you know?... Well, that's very generous... er, but look, this isn't about the money. I need something that's more than a job. I need something I can really care about.... And that's on top of the yearly bonus structure you mentioned earlier?... Look, Al, Al... I'm not playing hardball here, OK? This is not a negotiation, this is a rejection!.... No! No! No, stop saying numbers! I'm telling you, you've got the wrong guy! You've got the wrong guy! I'll see you on Monday! 
 OK, that's enough of the view. Check this out, look at this. Sit down, sit down.
This is great!  Helen, could you come in here for a moment? 
 Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good!  Whooooaaaa.... Closing Credits
This is unbelievable. It's been like a half an hour. If this was a cartoon, you'd be looking like a ham right about now.
All right, now look at her and tell me she doesn't look exactly like her sister.
You know that thing, when you and I talk to each other about things. Let's not do that anymore.
Yeah, yeah, she works over at that place, uh--
Oh, you do? Because she said you guys haven't talked in like years.
Oh, and I've got Earth Science, but I'll catch you in gym.
Uh, Yes. Yes. I've just been going over your data here, and little thing, you've been post-dating your Friday numbers.
Well, it throws my WENUS out of whack.
It's not just that she's cute, ok. It's just that she's really really cute.
So tell me something, is leaving the Christmas lights up part of your plan to keep us merry all year long?
Yeah, listen. Before you do anything Joey-like, you might wanna run it by, uh--
Hey, listen, I know I came in late last week, but I slept funny, and my hair was very very-- Mr.
Yes, yes I am. Listen, the reason that I called you in here today is, uh, please don't hate me.
Well, you still haven't taken down the Christmas lights.
I'm just trying to find the right moment, you know?
You know, once you're inside, you don't have to knock anymore.
Wow, this is serious. I've never known you to pay money for any kind of capade.
And that's the Chrysler building right there. Mr.
Yes, yes she is. Didn't I memo you on this? See, after I let her go, uh, I got a call from her psychiatrist, Dr. Fl---, Dr. Flanen, Dr. Flan, and uh, he informed me that uh, she took the news rather badly. In fact, he uh, mentioned the word "frenzy". Mr.
Oh, no, no. Nina--she is whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo. In fact, if you asked her right now, she would have no recollection of being fired at all, none at all. Mr.
And yet, believable. So I decided not to fire her again until I can be assured that she will be no threat to herself or others. Mr.
Well, I guess that's why they call it psychology, sir.
You know, Ross, some scientists are now saying that, that monkeys and babies are actually different.
Oh, well, uh, maybe that's because they're uh, jealous of us.
Uh, well, maybe that's, uh, because you're getting a big raise.
Oh, you don't know. Helen, would you make sure we put through the paperwork on Miss Bookbinder's raise?
Pretty well. Except for the stapler thing. Little
Hey, you're gonna be fine. You're one of the most caring, most responsible men in North America. You're gonna make a great dad.
There it is! So what're you gonna do?
Man if you tried something like that on my birthday, you'd be starin' at the business end of a hissy fit. Dr.
All right, what have we learned so far?
Ok, worst case scenario. Say you never feel like a father. Say your son never feels connected to you as one. Say all of his relationships are affected by this.
You know, you'd think I would. What's up with the simian?
No, no, you got zero points for "idney".
We think he was trying to spell out "monkey".
Well, if you're gonna work for mechanics, those are the ones to work for.
You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Is this still about her whole 'The Flintstones could've really happened' thing?
There just don't happen to be any women in our games.
OK, alright, last minute lesson, last minute lesson.  Joey... three... eight. Eight... three.  Alright babe, deal the cards. 
The... Jamestown colony of Virginia. You see, King George is giving us the land, so...
Yes, and I get my ya-yas from Ikea. You have to put them together yourself, but they cost a little less.
Oh, did you get that from the 'I Love Rachel' pizzeria?
Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech?
Um, ok... the... the fifth dentist caved and now they're all recommending Trident?
Oh yes, yes, we could play some other game... like, uh, I don't know... Pictionary? 
That's alright, I'll take it. Bad things happen to me anyway. This way I can break 'em up with a movie.
Airplane! Airport! Airport '75! Airport '77! Airport '79! 
I can't believe we are even having this discussion.
I mean, don't you think if things were gonna happen with Rachel, they would've happened already?
I can't remember the last time I got a girl to take care of my monkey.
Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used. 
Okay, it's his first time out, so he's probably gonna wanna do some of the touristy things. I'll go to Cats, you go to the Russian Tea Room.
Um, we're kind of having an emergency and we- we were looking for something...
Oh, nononowaitwaitwaitnono! Uh... we may not know anything about radiators per se, but we do have a certain amount of expertise in the heating and cooling... mileu.
Yes, but these women are very hot, and they need our help! And they're very hot.
Okay, from now on, you don't get to talk to other people.
Yeah, well I went to boarding school with four hundred boys. Any sex I had would've involved a major lifestyle choice.
I can't believe you would actually say that. I would much rather be Mr.Peanut than Mr.Salty.
I feel violated. And not in a good way.
I am telling you, years from now, schoolchildren will study it as one of the greatest first dates of all time. It was unbelievable! We could totally be ourselves, we didn't have to play any games...
Let her know I like her? What are you, insane?  It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem?  I'm right, right?
Which, by the way, is the real San Francisco treat.  I got her machine.
No, interestingly enough her leaf blower picked up.
Oh, no no no no. Last time I left a spontaneous message I ended up using the phrase 'Yes indeedy-o'.
 And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
 Oh, Danielle! I wasn't expecting the machine... Give me a call when you get a chance.  Bye bye.  Oh God!
Oh, uh.. I want her to think I might be in a restaurant.. y'know? I might have some kind of life, like I haven't been sitting around here honing for the past few hours.
What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that. SCENE
Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Y'don't think that makes me seem a little...
I'm not gonna talk to her, she obviously got my message and is choosing not to call me. Now I'm needy and snubbed. God, I miss just being needy. 
Okay, I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Will you watch my phone?
Hey, we haven't been on a second date, she needs to hear me pee?
I can't call her, I left a message! I have some pride.
No!  Danielle, hi! It's, uh, it's Chandler! I'm fine. Uh, listen, I don't know if you tried to call me, because, uh, idiot that I am, I accidentally shut off my phone. Oh, uh, okay, that's fine, that's great. Okay.  She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back.  She's on the other line, she's gonna call me back, she's on the other line, gonna call me back...
 I turned it off. Mother of God, I turned it off!
Danielle! Hi! Uh- everybody, this is Danielle, Danielle, everybody.
That sounds good. I'll call you- or you call me, whatever...
Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Well, it does not ring a bell with me...
Oh yes! Bye Bye Birdie, starring Joseph Stalin. Joseph Stalin is the Fiddler on the Roof. 
She's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
I know that one! ...No, that's Popes into a Volkswagen.
Yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. I mean, it's a total party zoo. 
Okay, bye, champ. Now, I know there's gonna be a lot of babes in San Diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
 Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won?t look at me.
Interesting, cause in my dreams, I?m allways surprisingly inadequate. 
I?m sorry, it was a one-time-thing. I was very drunk and i was somebody else?s subconscious. OPENING CREDITS 
Well, my secretary is gonna be out for a couple of weeks. She is having one of her boobs redused. It?s a whole big boob story.
Well, you know Phoebs. I don?t know if it?s your kinda thing, because it involves a lot of being normal. For a large portion of the day.
A cool phone number, and a possible name for the kid.
And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
See That?ll stop when you pick up the phone.
I?m not in a meeting. I?m right... Whoops.
Well, now, I actually have to get to work.
See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes.  Me.
Okay, I don?t sound like that. That is so not true. 
That is so not... That is so not... That... Oh, shut up! 
Oh, come on. You told me about the last dream.
Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
And this has nothing to do with the fact that he needs a note to get out of gym. 
You know, I don?t get this. A month aga, these people were my friends. You know, just because I?m in charge doesn?t mean i?m a different person.
I Think last night was great. You know, the Karaoke thing. Tracy and I doing "Ebony and Ivory".
Thanks. Listen, about the weekly numbers, I?m gonna need them on my desk by nine o?clock.
You have to give ?em something, you know. Okay, now that was Gerston, Santos, and who?s the guy with the moustache?
Petrie, right, right. Okay, somebody?s gonna be working this weekend.
Hey Ross, look what I?ve got going here.
Yes, Joey's made arrangements to have his baby in a movie from the 50's.
Mmmm. Not tonight, honey. I got an early day tomorrow.
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor?
Somebody wanna help me, tryin' to rip out my heart.  Uh, that's great.  Anybody seen a nipple? Dr.
 Let me ask you, do you have to be Carol's lesbian life partner?
I know, I still am one of these.
And sometimes, I'll want you to steal third, and I'll go like this. 
Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft.  
Oh, yeah, right, OK... inlcuding the waffles last week, you now owe me... 17 jillion dollars.
Then put out fire by peeing, no get invited back.
I'm still on my first. I just think you're nice. 
 OK, this one right here is from me.
Yes, the doctors say if they remove it, he'll die. 
Well, sure, but can you play it on a plane? 
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck? 
No it's not. It's small. It's tiny. It's petite. It's wee.
OK, is there a mute button on this woman?
Rachel, I love you! Deal with me first! 
The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
Yes, I know, as it happens my room is very very close to the parade route.
Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?
Really? So, you're gonna stick with this 'it's all for her' thing?
Yes, yes, we did, thanks to Vidal Buffay.
Ok, I think she's trying to tell us something. Quick, get the verbs.
Well, listen, don't tell us what's gonna happen, 'cause I like to be surprised.
So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
He said, he said that they're having a great time. I'm sorry. But, the silver lining, if you wanna see it, is that he made the decision all by himself without any outside help whatsoever.
No, no, I'm just looking for a man to draw on me with chalk.
You have to stop the Q-tip when there's resistance!
Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.
Well, in spite of the yummy bagels and palpable tension, I've got pants that need to be altered.
Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
At least as long as I have the pants.
Yo, paisan. Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man.
He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite--
Come on, Monica, things could be worse. You could get caught between the moon and New York City. I know it's crazy, but it's true.
You know, it's...something funny about sneakers. I'll be right back.
We're just hanging out by the spoons. Ladle?
Carol, Carol? I was just wondering if Joey could ask you a question about breast-feeding?
So, uh, how often can you do it?
Come on, you're going to Bloomingdales with Julie? That's like cheating on Rachel in her house of worship.
Of course the packaging does appeal to grown-ups and kids alike.
Well, maybe it's because of the way you're dressed.
What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
All right, say you do that. You know sooner or later somebody's gonna come along that slices a better cheddar. And then where're you gonna run?
You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
All right. Now go see Miss Kitty and she'll fix you up with a nice hooker.
They were huge. When she sneezed, bats flew out of them.
I'm tellin' you, she leaned back, I could see her brain.
Ok, Janice. Janice. You gotta give me Janice. That wasn't about being picky.
Uh-Oh. It's Isaac Newton, and he's pissed. Mr.
Actually, I think this apartment sullies the good name of crap
Hey, look at this. "My Big Book of Grievances."
April 18th, excessive noise. Italian guy's gay roommate comes home with the dry-cleaning. Well that's excellent.
Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
Heckles played clarinet in band, and I played clarinet. And he was in the scale modeler's club, and I was, well, there was no club, but I sure thought they were cool.
I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
Our trains are on the same track, ok? Yeah, sure, I'm coming up 30 years behind him, but the stops are all the same. Bitter Town. Aloneville. Hermit Junction.
What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
You'll see, you guys are all gonna go off and get married, and I'm gonna end up alone. Will you promise me something? When you're married, will you invite me over for holidays?
You know what? I'm not gonna end up like this. I'll see you man.
Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
Yes. She was smart, she was pretty, and she honestly cared about me. Janice is my last chance to have somebody.
You couldn't have told me about this on the phone?
Janice was my safety net, ok? And now I have to get a snake.
If I'm gonna be an old, lonely man, I'm gonna need a thing, you know, a hook, like that guy on the subway who eats his own face. So I figure I'll be Crazy Man with a Snake, y=know. Crazy Snake Man. And I'll get more snakes, call them my babies, kids will walk past my place, they will run. "Run away from Crazy Snake Man," they'll shout!
Of course I am. I reject anyone who's crazy enough to actually go out with me, and then I bitch about the fact that there aren't any great women out there.
Hey. Well, you will all be pleased to know that I have a date tomorrow night. This woman, Alison, from work. She's great. She's pretty, she's smart. And uh, I've been holding off on asking her out in the past, because she has an unusually large head. But, I'm not gonna let that stuff hang me up anymore. Look at me. I'm growing.
Yeah, yeah. Some people said some nice things about him. I think somebody should have it.
Yeah, jus' second. Good-bye Mr. Heckles. We'll try to keep it down.
Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. 
No, see, I'm trying this new screening thing. You know, I figure if I'm always answering the phone, people'll think I don't have a life. My god, Rodrigo never gets pinned. Machine Joey's
Can you hold on a moment? I have another call.  I love her.
Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
Ok. Ok. Having a phone has finally paid off.
I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
Ok, pure evil, horny and alone. I've done this.
Ok, while Ross is on the phone, everybody owes me 62 bucks for his birthday.
Hey, come on, we got the gift, the concert, and the cake.
Look guys, I know it's a little steep.
I'll see you guys later, I gotta go...do a thing.
Oh, come on. I can never get a girl like that with conventional methods.
We don't know Bob, ok? We know me. We like me. Please let me be happy.
Listen, I have to, uh, um, I have to, I have to confess something.
I don't know. I just had this weird sense. You know, but that's me. I'm weird and sensitive. Tissue?
No, you keep the pack. I'm all cried out today.
Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon.  I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
Oh, see, I had to tell her that my number was your number, because I couldn't tell her that my number was my number because she thinks that my number is Bob's number.
Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
No, the thing was, we were gonna go see Hootie and the Blowfish.
So, the ebola virus. That's gotta suck, huh?
By the way, this didn't seem so dorky in the hall.
Why, it's six tickets to Hootie and the Blowfish! The Blowfish!
If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
Why did you look at me when you said that?
Yeah. Just let me grab my jacket and tell you I had sex today.
Wow, it sounds even cooler when somebody else says it. I was awesome, ok? She was biting her lip to stop from screaming.
Now I know it's been awhile, but I took it as a good sign. 
I had sex today. I never have to answer that phone again.
Well, maybe he had some kind of uh, new, cool style, that you're not familiar with. And uh maybe you have to get used to it.
Yeah, I mean, it would be rude to them for us to leave now.
Yes, apparently Stevie and the band are like this.
I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it.
I'm just saying that sometimes we like to do stuff that costs a little more.
OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
Woah, woah, I've put on a little weight?
Oh, you know, I would, but that might get in the way of my lying around time.
Alright, OK, alright. But if we put on spandex and my boobs are bigger than yours, I'm goin' home.
One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
 Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow.  Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. . She's insane, the woman is insane. It's before work, it's after work, it's during work. She's got me doing butt clenches at my desk. And now, they won't bring me my mail anymore. 
Joey, be a pal. Lift up my hand and smack her with it.
No, no, no, no, no, no  No. Monica, it's Sunday morning. I'm not running on a Sunday.
OK, I don't, I don't mind the last pound. OK, in fact I kind of like the last pound. OK, so don't make me do anything that I'll regret.
Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.
You know, I mean, you can't tell your parents you were fired because they'd be disappointed.
And it's not as if you have a boyfriend's shoulder to cry on.
I mean, if it were me, I think I'd have difficulty just getting out of bed at all.
So, you feel like goin' for a run?
Because, you know, you don't have to. If you want, you could just take a nap right here.
All right, check out this bad boy. 12 megabytes of ram. 500 megabyte hard drive. Built-in spreadsheet capabilities and a modem that transmits at over 28,000 b.p.s.
Oh, I know. This must be so hard. Oh, no. Two women love me. They're both gorgeous and sexy. My wallet's too small for my fifties, and my diamond shoes are too tight.
Don't touch the computer. Don't ever touch the computer.
Ok, all right, look. Let's get logical about this, ok? We'll make a list. Rachel and Julie, pros and cons. Oh. We'll put their names in bold, with different fonts, and I can use different colors for each column.
Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
Ok, let's do Julie. What's wrong with her?
I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek? 
No, no, see? See?  Hey, it's printing.  Hey, it's printing! 
Yes, yes it is, short story, that I was writing.
 Alright.  "It was summer, and it was hot. Rachel was there. A lonely gray couch. 'Oh, look,' cried Ned, and then the kingdom was his forever. The end."
My diary! My diary, that's brilliant. I should have told her it was my diary, she never would have made me read her my diary.
Oh good, I was hoping that would come up.
 All right, let's get some perspective here, ok? These things, they happen for a reason.
All right, Pheebs, back me up here, ok? You believe in that karma crap, don't you?
Yeah, we were gonna give fifty, but if you guys gave more, we don't wanna look bad.
Phoebs, let me ask you something, were, were these, uh, funny brownies?
Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year. 
Nah, Phoebs, that's the guy that comes in the frame.
Ya know I remember my father, all dressed up in the red suit, the big black boots, and the patent leather belt, sneakin around downstairs. He didn't want anybody to see him but he'd be drunk so he'd stumble, crash into something and wake everybody up.
Don't you have to be Claymation to say stuff like that?
Yeah, she, she brought the invisible cab. . . hop in.
Hey, don't worry. I figure it'll be 2 hours to Phoebe's dad's house, they'll meet, they'll chat, they'll swap life stories, we'll still have plenty of time. 
Yeah, and someday when you're ready, you'll make it past the hedges.
Ho, ho, ho, holy crap is it hot in here!
Hey, guys, it's after midnight, merry Christmas everyone. 
OK, look, that is one guy's opinion, alright. Phoebs, read yours.
Does anyone have one from a different paper? Ross, read yours.
I had about a mugful in this lovely 'I got boned at the Museum of Natural History' mug.
No, no, Phoebs. You know why? Cause he's dead.
OK, I guess this is gonna seem kinda bittersweet now, but... Joey, that's who.
Hey, yeah... we could all sleep together and then one of us could get amnesia.
 Listen, Phoebs, this is gonna be OK.  Ross, Russ. Russ, Ross.
You know, this is actually good, because if we ever lose Ross, we have a spare.
Yes, yes, but did you see who she was dating?
Whoa, whoa, so I'm guessing you didn't get the part, or... uh, Italy called and said it was hungry.
Well, I... I've got a pop-up book that told me everything I need to know.
Y'know, maybe this isn't such a big deal. Y'know, I mean, the way that I see it is you get a great job and you get to have sex. Y'know, I mean, throw in a tree and a fat guy and you've got Christmas.
Didn't you used to call it the Little Major?
Hey, we're having some fun now, huh, Ross? Wanna do another one, huh Russ? OK... eleven letters, atomic element number 101... ends in ium.
And weenie number two has it. Unless, of course, nine-down, Knights in White Satin was sung by the Doody Blues. 
OK, I'm gonna get some more coffee before the pinching and eye-poking begins.
No, I don't even think he knew. Hey, would you sleep with somebody to get a great job?
It's my game. You want the job or not? 
I'll take one. Sometimes I like to hold stuff like this and pretend I'm a giant. 
 Who's the bitterest man in the living room, the bitterest man in the living room? Hi, neighbor.
For a minute there I thought you were actually tryin' to smell something. 
That's great. All right, I gotta get to work, I got a big dinosaur bone to inspect.
That's a little more relaxed than you want them to get.
Well, of course, lambs are scarier. Otherwise the movie would've been called Silence of the Ducks.
Yes, and this with the cigarette butt in it, is that decaf?
You know, it's funny when my parents got divorced, they sent me to this shrink, and she told me that all kids have a tendency to blame themselves. But in your case it's actually kinda true.
Damn. My mail order grandfather hasn't come yet. Mr.
Monica, I feel like you should have German subtitles.
Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon. 
Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding. 
 I shouldn't even bother coming up with a line, right? 
 All right look. Penis schmenis. We're all people.  
Yeah, well sure, when he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat. . . all of the sudden I have this big attitude problem. OPENING TITLES
You know I think he will be surprised, 'till he realizes he's a monkey, and uh, you know, isn't capable of that emotion. 
Well we could just stay in and cook for ourselves.  
 Yes, hitting her with a frying pan's a good idea. We might wanna have a backup plan, though, just in case she isn't a cartoon.
Well, you remember Cathy Bates in Misery? Rachel and
Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.
Oh no no no, she's a total wack job. Yeah, she thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Remore.
Hey, just because this woman thinks she can actually see Joey through the magical box in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person. I mean, does she not deserve happiness, does she not deserve love? What're you lookin' at me for? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac.
That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales.
And you left the toilet seat up, you bastard. 
What, you never look down in the shower? Oh please. I'm not allowed to make one joke in the monkey-is-penis genre? Security
 So, are you guys in the movie, or are you just really paranoid. Director's
 Nice camoflauge man, for a minute there I almost didn't see ya.
Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Susie Moss, right, yeah, wow, you look. . . great job growing up.
Oh, right, well yeah, I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Yes, back then I, uh, used humor as a defense mechanism. Thank God I don't do that anymore. 
No, Stephen Hurs was the kid who would eat anything for money, David Stein was the guy who had no elbows.
OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money. 
Well, uh, let's try one more. . . there you go, say Ernie's, 8 o'clock.
Hey, stick a fork in me, I am done.
Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?
I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.
Well, ye, yes, actually, but, uh, they were my Aunt Edna's, and there were three of us in there.
Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.
I'm hangin in. . . and a little out.
Because I went to an all boys high school and God is making up for it.
Right now, right here. Don't ya think we're in kind of a public plaaaa  They do have the shrimp.
OK, but uh, I hope you realize this means we're gonna miss hearing about the specials.
Hey, do you want this done quick, or do you want this done right?
Well, you want me to uh, clench anything, or-... Susie? Susie.
That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
Alright, I hope you realize you're not getting these underpants back.
Oh, no no no, she took off with my clothes.
I was not trying them out, Susie asked me to wear them.
No. I'm not letting you or anybody else see, ever.
Alright, one of you give me your underpants.
How can you not be wearing any underwear?
Alright look Ross I'll give you 50 dollars for your underpants. 
Hey Phoebs, can I have the milk after you?
How long you been waitin' to say that?
Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
Well, thanks man. Now I can get my pony.
Wow, I don't know what to say.  Wow, I, I don't know what to say.
Oh, now?  No, no, I think something this nice should be saved for a special occasion. 
Well, it'll probably slow it down at first but, once I get used to the extra weight, I'll be back on track. OPENING TITLES
Well, I'm guessing he wants to do a little dance. . . ya know, make a little love. . . well pretty much get down tonight.
That thing, it's a uhh. . . yeah it's, it's a little flashy.
 I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.
What?  Oh this is excellent. You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller, the eyesore from the Liberace house of crap.
Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. 
I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . .  Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau.  That's actually good.
Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin?  Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say?  OK, that's my bad.
Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that.  Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . .  wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. 
I am here, on my knees, holding up these couch cushions as a symbol of my sorrow and regret, much like they did in biblical times. Though you may haveth anger now. . . 
Oh, you're right I, I should play in the hay. Forget about the fact that I just dropped 400 dollars to replace a bracelet that I hated to begin with. Bring on the hay. 
No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry,  it's about you and me and the fact that we're  best buds.
Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
Alright, alright, but you better be wearing clothes when I open my eyes.
Sweet mother of all that is good and pure.
Now we can finally watch Green Acres the way it was meant to be seen.
Well they were chair-shaped cows. They never would have survived in the wild.
Uh, two larges, extra cheese on both. But listen, don't ring the buzzer for 19, ring 20, Geller-Green, they'll let you in, OK. If you buzz our door, there's no tip for you. OK, thanks. Pizza's on the way. I told you we wouldn't have to get up.
You got a Cheeto on your face man. 
Yeah, but uh, it was 1982 and my flock of seagulls haircut was tickling her chin.
Listen can you guys uh, speak up, it's harder for us to hear you when you lower your voice. 
Could you get us a couple of beers?
Yeah.  Oh it's not warm yet, we still have time.
That's what's weird? Joey, the man's been captain of a cereal for the last 40 years. 
The spoon. You licked and-and you put. You licked and you put.
Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush.  You used my toothbrush?
Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?
Oooh, Rich is goin' to the party too, huh?
Wow, there's my fantasy come true. No, seriously. Joey's
 Oh that's all right fellas, I saw a kitchen this morning - on TV. Stop talking. OK.
Oh please, I saw the way you were checking out his mouldings. You want it.
Well it wouldn't kill you to say it once in a while.
Woah, woah, woah. I don't need a roommate either, OK? I can afford to live here by myself. Ya know, I may have to bring in somebody once a week to lick the silverware.
Look, you know what? If this is the way you feel, then maybe you should take it.
Yeah. So do we need to hug here or. . .
No-no, I mean what, what's this about your new place?
Well I didn't think that was serious.  Ya know I thought that was just a fight.
Hey, no, I've never been lower or wetter. I'll be fine. I'll just turn your, uh, bedroom into a game room or somethin', you know, put the foosball table in there.
Alright I'll tell you what, I'll play you for it.
Your little men are gonna get scored on more times than your sister.
Oh yeah, you got the big TV. We'll be over there all the time. . .  except when we are here.
So, uhh, em, you want me to uh, give you a hand with the foosball table?
Well, I'm guessing uh, tonight at the coffee house.
Now wait a minute, I claimed you in the name of France four years ago.
So, whaddya say boys, should I call him?  Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy. 
Listen, I'm, I'm sorry I didn't make it over there today.
Yeah well, I hear the place looks great.
Oh hey, it's, it's terriffic. I mean it's a regular space... fest.
Yeah I just... wanted to call and say hey.
I still can't believe they promoted her to lieutenant.
Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?
See, this is the brilliance of the show. I say always keep them running. All the time, running. Run. Run Yasmine, run like the wind.
But we had one of the greatest talks we ever had last night. I mean it was, it was like when we first started living together.
Oh, uhh, actually I uh, have some news.
Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
Well you know, we got to talking and uh, he said he needed a place and I had a spare room.
Well yeah, in that it's not being used and I... have it to spare.
Hey Jo. When'd you start usin' mousse in your hair?
Oh it's uh, over there on the table.
No, Eddie likes to keep it over there.
Well I do, but uh, Eddie makes them this way and, well they're pretty darn good.
Well what's the difference? Your eggs aren't here anymore, are they? You took your eggs and you left. You really expect me to never find new eggs?
Hey Eddie, you uh, wanna play some foosball?
 Yeah o-, OK, alright.  Doesn't matter, time for Baywatch.
Well that's the brilliance of it. The pretty people... and the running.
Ya know Phoebs, don't feel so bad for 'em. After they're done playing, I break out the little plastic women and everybody has a pretty good time.
Ah he's a, he's not a big fan of foosball.
No he's, he's alright, just uh, he spends most of his time in his room.
So, you uh, you think that Speed Racer guy gets a lot of tickets er?
What're you kidding? I broke up with her. She actually thought that Sean Penn was the capital of Cambodia.
Oh, uh, he's not here right now, uh, I'm Chandler, can I take a message, or, or a fishtank?
Oh yeah, your uh, name came up in a uh, conversation that terrified me to my very soul.
Yes. Hey, can I ask you, is Eddie a little...
This is nuts. This is crazy. She came over for like two minutes, dropped off a fish tank, and left, end of story.
There was no fish when she dropped it off.
Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie... Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon? 
So, when I woke up this morning, he'd stolen all the insoles out of my shoes.
Because he thinks I slept with his ex-girlfriend and killed his fish.
Because sometimes, Phoebe after you sleep with someone, you have to kill the fish.
Oh, I'm fine about my problem now, by the way.
We came over as soon as we saw.
 Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
 Well that's not an, even a real fish. No, that's a goldfish cracker.
Ok, good night.  You big freak of nature. CLOSING CREDITS
No, look, that's it, it's over, I want you out, I want you out of the apartment now.
Maybe 'cause the last one was made by Pepperidge Farm. Look Eddie, isn't there something else you're supposed to be doing right now?
Look you have to help me out here. I thought we had a deal. I thought by the time...
Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.
Get out. Get out, get out, get out, get out, get out, get out.
You, move out. Take your fruit, your stupid small fruit and GET OUT!
This is not out of the blue, this is smack dab in the middle of the blue.
Yes, yes I actually saw him leave. I mean that guy is standing in the window holding a human head. He is STandING IN THE WINDOW HOLDING A HUMAN HEAD!
Well, I'm, I'm sorry... Ahhh. Have we met?
I, I'm sorry, I uh  I already have a roommate. 
Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
Well I, I think we'd remember something like that.
See ya.  Goodbuy you fruit drying psychopath. So you want me to help you unpack your stuff?
Hey look, are we gonna have to bring this out every time Ross comes over?
I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
Yeah. Like there's any way I could ever do that. 
Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me?
I cannot believe I'm going out with somebody who's getting divorced. I'm such a grown-up.
Well, maybe I won't kiss you and then you'll have to stay.
You know, you should really go on this show. Alright, listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight. What do you say?
You know, I may be way out on a limb here, but do you, do you have a problem with Janice?
Eww, that girl that I hate. Eww, drives me crazy. Eww! Eww! Ohh.
Yeah, well, I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing. Capital "R", capital "T".  Don't worry; those are the right letters.
I want you to say that you like her.
Thanks for trying.  Oh, and by the way, there is no Count Rushmore! 
Girth? Why why why why why why would they do this?
We're not gonna talk about girth, are we?
Okay. Well, you know, when you're in bed with a woman. And uh, your foolin around with her and you get all these mental images in your brain. Like Elle McPherson, or that girl at the Xerox place.
Yeah. And then, all of a sudden, your mom pops in your head. And you're like, "Mom, get out of here." You know, but after that, you can't possibly think of anything else. And you can't stop what you're doing, so it's kind of like, you're, you know, you know.  You don't know.
Well, you know, I appreciate you giving it a shot.
Yeah, I know. I did that two minutes ago. 
Alright, I took the quiz and it turns out, I do put career before men.  Get up.
Well, it's not like I went to Spain. I went to the bathroom. You knew I was coming back.
The big deal is I was sitting there last. So, it's my seat.
 Alright, Ross, I just have to do one thing really quickly, it's not a big deal,  GET UP! 
Well, Joey, I wrote a little song today. It's called "Get Up."
Honey, you did call him back cause it's really old.
 You know what, okay, fine, don't get up. You just sit right there. I just hope you don't mind, you know, my hand right here.  Oh, look, not touching, can't get mad. Not touching, can't get mad. Not touching, can't get mad. 
Maybe he's calling to say you're obsessive and crazy.
 Alright, fine. You know what? We'll both sit in the chair.
Alright, fine, I'm going. But when I get back, it's Chair City and I'm the guy who's... sitting in the chair! 
Maybe it was his sister's. You know. Maybe it was his daughter's.
 Alright, you will notice that I am fully dressed. I, in turn, have noticed that you are not. So, in the words of A.A. Milne, "get out of my chair, dillhole."
The cushions are the essence of the chair!
Ho-ho, he'll be back.  Ho-ho, there's nobody in the room.
 We used them as pillows when we went camping.
Well, then it looks like somebody is going to have to give somebody back his cushions.
What? Are you gonna show me my clothes?
Monica, I think you've gone over to the bad place. 
 Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he getting out of the shower, he always pulls a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
 Is it wrong that I was totally aroused by that? 
Oh my god, that is so not the opposite of taking somebody's underwear!
 Don't look honey. Change the channel! Change the channel!
See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig.
Hey, I'm going for sushi does anybody want..  Whoa-whoa, somebody missed the off ramp.
Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
You told him to play the boxer gay!!
Well, before we answer that, I think we should address the more important question. How dumb are you?
He's right. Nobody's gonna benefit, and you're just gonna hurt her.
All right look, if you absolutely have to tell her, at least wait until the timing's right. And that's what deathbeds are for.
Okay, okay-okay, ah, Chloe works with that guy Issac. Issac's sister is Jasmine. And Jasmine works at that message place with Phoebe. And Phoebe's friends with Rachel. And that's the trail, I did it! 
Yeah, well I don't think you can make that statement, unless you've been kicked in an area that God only meant to be treated nicely.
Yeah, well, I guess they had a fight, and he got drunk....
 He has sex, and we get hit in our heads. 
Y'know what, I think we can go out there. I mean they have more important things to worry about.
 Wax the door shut, we're never leaving, ever. 
Yeah, come on, it's Ross and Rachel, they've got too.
 Oh, I?ll go out and get you some.
Nope! Because I?m not your boyfriend.  Hey Pheebs, how did it go?
All right, there?s a nuclear holocaust, I?m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Well, can we help?! You want us to take you back to the house?!
Y'know what, he?s right. There?s something like uh, ammonia in that, that like kills the pain.
Oh my God! If you say that one more time, I?m gonna break up with you!
Look, Ross, you have what you want, you?re back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you?re gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
I?ll give you a thousand dollars to talk to us.
 We were two miles from the house. Scared and alone. We didn?t think we could make it. 
 Joey kept screaming at me, ?Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!? Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
We were playing Gin? Y'know if we were a couple, we could play this game naked.
You don?t turn and slide, you throw it out! I?m tired of having to get a tetanus shot every time I get dressed!
All right, how about we, how ?bout we sell it.
 Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet?  They seem all right with it! OPENING CREDITS
Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
All right look, I?m changing it to 50 bucks, or your best offer.
I can?t believe you don?t know what I do for a living!
Yes, Joey has a very careful screening process. Apparently, not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
You?ll have to pardon my roommate, he wanted to marry this.
Y'know, I, I really don?t think we need a canoe.
All right, just, just take the entertainment center, and then when you get home, throw the canoe away!
Y'know what, I think this might be one of the times he?s wrong.
What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Oh, umm, Joey was born, and then 28 years later, I was robbed!!
Oh, they said uh, ?You don?t have insurance here, so stop calling us.?
Pheebs, if she could come back as a couch, we?d really appreciate it. 
Wow! Really?! We get all this rusty crap for free?!
Could we be more white trash? OPENING CREDITS
Hey uh, Rach, funny story. I ah, bumped into Joanna on the street yesterday.
Well, no, actually she uh, asked me if I wanted to get a drink.
Well, I think I judged her too quickly, and this time we were able to take the relationship to the next level. 
Oh, come on! It?s not like this is an everyday occurrence for me! I mean usually I?m pretty much just in there by myself. 
I hope you know what I?m giving up for ya, because she?s not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
?it was like the Algonquin kids table.   The
When I walk outside naked people throw garbage at me.
Ah-ha, you?re not the boss of me.  Yeah, you are!  Ooh, saucy.
You are, you?re gonna leave me like this?
Okay. But if you don?t come back soon,  there?s pretty much nothing I can do about it! 
Look, this isn?t funny! You get back here right now!
 Rachel, could I see you for a moment? 
Okay, here?s the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
I did break up with her! She just took it really, really well!
It did enter my mind! But then something happened that made it, shoot right out.
No-no-no-no-no-no-no!! I can?t get myself right out of them! You must have me confused with the Amazing Chandler!! Come on, you have to unlock me, she could be gone for hours, and I?m cold, and 
You got it! Here we go! Come on! This is great!  Ahhh! 
No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them.  Hello sweet pants!
I?ll make something up! I?m good at lying, I actually did borrow your Walkman!
Hey, look, you?re in trouble either way! Okay? If she comes back and sees me locked to this instead of the chair, she?s gonna know you were in here. So you might as well just let me go.
It still wouldn?t be clean.  All I want is my freedom.
Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won?t you here me?!  Sophie, help me! Help me!! 
I?m gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just? 
Yeah, it was time. The old condom ring in the leather just doesn?t say ?cool? anymore.
Oh yeah, gym member. I try to go four times a week, but I?ve missed the last 1200 times.
You don?t think I?ve tried? You think I like having 50 dollars taken out of my bank account every month? No, they make you go all the way down there! Then they use all of these phrases and peppiness to try and confuse you! Then they bring out Maria.
Oh Maria. You can?t say no to her, she?s like this lycra spandex covered gym?treat.
Why don?t you just give him to somebody else?
Because that?s the only part of you he can see when he?s on the table!
No! I want a flabby gut and saggy man breasts!
No, I almost did, couldn?t leave Ross there without a spotter!
We?re doomed. Okay, they?re gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
No, we?d just like to close them. Bank
Ohh, she's pretty. Pretty ahh, pretty girl, the pretty--she's pretty.
I tell people secrets. It makes them like me.
All right, I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna get shot down. Any advice?
Wish it!  Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Hey, come on, give me a break, I'm out on a limb here.
Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Oh my God! That's why I got up too!
Hey, listen, I'm sorry about this afternoon, y'know, if I would've known you guys were... I never would've...
So ah, Joey tells me you two met in acting class.
That's a good thing actually, because ah, he used to have me rehearse with him.
Oh yeah, me too, she's so cool and pretty.
She's smart and funny, y'know? We were up all last night talking, she said the funniest thing about--what?
Kathy! Kathy! Hi!! Kathy! Kathy!  Kathy!  Fetch! Fetch it!  Kathy! Kathy! Kathy!  Kathy!  Kathy.
 Okay. You were right. I'm in love with Joey's girlfriend.
I don't know. I can't--I just, I can't get her out of my head. Y'know? I mean, I'm a very bad person. I'm a very, very bad person. I'm a horrible person.  No you're not Chandler! We still love you Chandler!
99...100! Ready or not, here I come!  All right, let's go over the concept one more time.
Y'know I had a big meal on Monday, y'know. So that's just gonna get me straight through the week.
Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Hey, look, what do you want from me?
Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her?  No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Can I sleep on your couch?  CLOSING CREDITS
Ross and the most beautiful girl in the world.
Where did you, when did you, how did you...  How did you get a girl like that?
Phebes, it was your birthday, like, months ago.
Well, I have a call in about that.
Actually, this is for Kathy's birthday. It's an early edition of her favorite book.
Okay, but don't touch it, because you fingers have destructive oils.
Oh, it wasn't a big deal. I just went to a couple of bookstores, talked to a couple of dealers... called a couple of the author's grandchildren.
Okay, all right, I'll just uh, make sure that uh, Joey gets her something really great.
It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway.  Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday?
Okay, so when do you want to go?
Because she's not eleven! And it's not the seventh night of Hanukkah!
All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday?
All right. I will go out and I will try to find something for her, okay?
Would you like me to write her a little poem as well?
Okay, all right. I just spent the entire afternoon looking for a present for Kathy that would be better than the rabbit.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy."  Can you give me a hand with all this stuff?
She's really going to love this, you know? The bottom line is I want her to have it, even if I don't get to be the one who gives it to her.
I got something for her.  It's a book!
No, it's a book that's just a book, okay? It's an early edition of the Velveteen Rabbit. It was her favorite book as a kid. So, uh, just... let me know if she likes it, okay?
No, it came out to an even twenty.
Hey, how'd it go? How'd she like the gift?
See, you think it's just a pen, but then you turn it over and it's also a clock.
Oh, uh, yeah... I just knew that sometimes when you're writing, you... you don't always know the exact time.
 Uhl..ell. By the way, in case you missed that, that sound was, "Uhl, ell."
Oh, yeah, he's my... he's my best friend.
 I just walked in the bathroom and saw Kathy naked! It was like torture!
It just keeps getting worse and worse! Y'know? I mean it?s bad enough that I?m in love with my roommates girlfriend?which by the way, I think she knows. Because every time we?re in the room together there?s this weird like energy between us. And call me crazy, but I think she likes me too. And now I have seen her naked. I mean at least when I?ve seen her with clothes on, I could imagine her body was like covered in boles or something. But there are no boles, she?s smooth! Smooth!  
Goin? out, huh? Wow! Wow!  So things didn?t work out with Kathy, huh? Bummer.
Well, I?m upset?for you. I mean, having sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be very unfulfilling for you. 
Look, Joey, Kathy is clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs. But Casey, I mean granted I only saw the back of her head, but I got this sense that she?s-she?s smart, and funny, and gets you.
All right look, I think it?s time for you to settle down. Y'know? Make a choice, pick a lane.
Yeah, I know what you?re thinkin?! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy. 
Uh yes, but uh, I just watch it for the articles.
No-no, he?s not back yet, but he?ll be here any minute. So uh, come on in. Have a seat. Bow or stern?
I like it in the stern.  ?of the boat.   Hello.
 Uhh, that was Joey. He?s running a little late, he says he?s sorry.
So I guess it?s just uh, you and me then.
Oh, I had an appointment to get my haircut?
Dog grooming huh? Okay, just don?t make my tail too poofy. 
Well, thanks. I grow it myself.  Y?know who also has great hair is Joey!
 Oh the phone! The phone?s making sounds!  Hello!
No-no-no-no, this is bad! It?s bad! This is bad!
Wait the uh, the kiss or the situation?
Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here?s what we do, we-we forget it happened.
Okay, we-we swallow our feelings. Even if it means we?re unhappy forever. Sound good?
I have to; he?s my best friend, and you?re seeing him.
 Oh-no-no-no! Don?t! Don?t! See-see, you?re getting me confused, I?m starting to urn.
Well, I just thought it?d make me feel good to do something nice for my friend.
Well, y?know I?m 29. I mean who needs a savings account.
That all the pieces of my life are falling right into place!
No. Is there anyway, anyway you think he?ll understand this?
Oh, don?t say that! Don?t say that. That?s not true. Is it?
Then why didn?t you tell me to do that?!!
Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!
Listen ah, Joe, I-I need to, I need to talk to you about something.
It?s-it?s about Kathy. Umm, uh, I like her. I like her a lot actually.
Oh man, I am so sorry. Are, are you okay?
Well, I thought that would be the best thing to do.
See uh, that?s-that?s actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and?
Look, I?m sorry! But there?s nothing I can do, I think I?m in love with her!
You?re right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Yes. Yes! Right! And I feel horrible. You have to believe me!
 Hey, it?s me. I know you can?t stand to be in the same room as me, so I just thought I?d try and apologize over the phone. All I?   
Look I never should have kissed your girlfriend, but I?m?   
They couldn?t be worse. I spent eight hours calling him last night, just trying to get him to talk to me.
Hey, by any chance did either of pick uh Rachel for your secret Santa, ?cause I wanna trade for her.
Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Oh that?s not true! That?s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it?  Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it?  Her initials?
Op, y'know what though, it?s kind?ve a girlie briefcase.
Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
Monica got ice in her eye, and it hurts.
Well maybe you should put some ice on it.
 All right! Okay! I think I am making some progress with Joey, when I went into the apartment he went straight into his bedroom but he only slammed the door once!  I mean yeah, he gave me the finger while doing it.
Oh y?know what, I was already trying to trade for ah, well, you.
I don?t know R.G., I was thinking something girlie for your office.
Oh no-no-no, you don?t want to do that, then you?re gonna get stuck with Rachel and she exchanges every gift she ever gets.
When was the last time you saw her wear it?
I walk into a room and he won?t even talk to me, he just mumbles something in Italian. And I know he only knows the bad words.
Hey! I?m sorry! That? where are you going?
Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I?ll stop seeing her?
Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
All right look, if you?re not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down.  What?
 Sounds like a really bad idea to me.
The meaning of the box is three fold. One , it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two , it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three , it hurts!
You can?t tell, but I?m trying to break the tension by mooning you guys!
You?re right, and I?m sorry! This means a lot to me! I want you to be my friend again! I swear, I won?t say another word tonight.
Our eyes are closed and we?re about to cross the street. Very good.
 Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
No-no, I don?t think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Kathy?s with her parents, I have nothing to do, so tomorrow we are partying with Gandolf dude!
I?m gonna call and get off work tomorrow!
This is gonna be soo cool, dude, we never party anymore! Chandler and
Oh man! I am so excited?I may vomit!
Look you don?t understand, Gandolf is amazing. Y?know you?re never know what?s gonna end up happening, you go out for a couple of beers and end up on a fishing boat to Nova Scotia!
It?s not gonna be exactly like last time.
 Hello.   It?s Gandolf!!!  So, are you in town?   Oh, well, well maybe next time then. 
He?s not gonna make it, he?s stuck in Chicago.
Yeah, and I-I gave first names to all of the foosball players.
Oh-no, y?know with Gandolf we?d be out all night!
And may-maybe we could end up on a boat again? Joey and
Remember that really cold morning, you woke up and those dogs were licking your face?
Actually, can I get some hot water with a little lemon? I think I strained my voice screaming in there. Does it have to be so loud?
Y?know what? We?re not sad, we?re not sad, we?re just not 21 anymore. Y?know? I?m 29 years old, damnit! And I want to sit in a comfortable chair, and watch television and go to bed at a reasonable hour! Joey and
Were you so late because you were burring this woman?
How can she be great if she?s from Poughkeepsie?  That joke would?ve killed in Albany.
Hey, look at this!  They?re lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
All right, who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?! I really wanted to take Kathy to this, I can?t believe I missed it.
Really?! I didn?t think girls ever just wanted a fling.
Y?know what? There?s some nice guys at my office, do you want me to set you up?
Well, I have a girlfriend, I?m-I?m happy. So, I no longer feel the need to go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
Oh and Ross was like what? A lion tamer? 
Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who?s boss.
I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now?  Og-ee-op, I?m not asking for me, I?m? I mean? No, I?m-I?m not gay, I?m not asking you out. I?m not-I?m not-I?m not gay!
See my friend-my friend, Rachel, she wants to be set up.
Oh, y?know what, that might be okay even if it was just kind of a fling, that might be all right with Rachel.
 Oh, by the way, that is her full name.
Oh well, that?s uh, a little later than I uh, generally care to stay, but sure!
Well, I don?t really know what that is, but let?s!!
 Have I got the 50 guys for you!
Oh yeah, I just showed this a picture of you and guys were throwing themselves at me! They?re buying me drinks! They?re giving me stuff!  Knicks tonight?
Y?know what, I?m gonna uh, play the field just a little more.
Guys are signing over their 401-K?s to me?
 Yes.  Okay, there?s this one guy, Patrick, I think you?re gonna like him, he?s really nice, he?s funny, he?s a swimmer.
Yes, and his father invented that magnetic strip on the back of credit cards.
See, I?m not bad at this fixing up thing, huh?
Oh, he works in the Fine Foods division.
Really?! I-I thought you weren?t looking for something serious? I thought you were looking for some kind of a fling.
Why not?! I?d be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get?oh I see.
Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe?s song about?
Well, y?know, you?re-you?re gonna meet somebody! You?re a great catch! Y?know when I was telling all those guys about you, I didn?t have to lie once. 
Oh, it doesn?t matter.  Hey, y?know what, I?ve got two tickets to tonight?s Rangers game, you wanna come with me?
Well, actually it?s a hockey team, so it?s angry Canadians with no teeth.
So there is no good time to ask that question.
I don?t know, but Donald Trump wants his blue blazer black. 
You?re gonna be carrying their baby and give them a Sony Play Station?
Oh, yeah, sure, it?s not mine anyway. It can with the pants.
All right, we haven?t had sex yet. Okay, what?s the big deal? Y?know? This is special, and I want our love to grow until we move on to the next level.
No, I?m afraid I won?t be able to make love as well as him.
Yes, and I was saying the actual words.
We share a wall! So either he?s great in bed, or she just likes to agree with him a lot.
All right, all right, I?ll go sleep with my girlfriend. But I?m just doing it for you guys.
It was fine, y?know? But she didn?t agree with me as strongly as she agreed with Joey. She was more like, "I see you point, I?m all right with it."
Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y?know, I know where everything goes, it?s always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody?s killing her in there!"
Look, you don?t have to draw an actual wo?whoa! She?s hot!
Oh, y?know-y?know what, I was looking at it upside down.
Well you might if it were anything like 7!
Well the vet seems to think that?s she?s becoming a rooster.  We?re getting a second opinion. Opening Credits
Oh, I can uh, check that for ya.
Well? we-we do. You can only eat Tic Tacks in even numbers.
 And you? Ross, I believe, if you check Rachel?s bag you will find a half-eaten box of cookies in there.
Okay, ten bucks says that we can name every item in that bag.
Well, we used there?s up last night making scary faces.
All right! Ten buck! Fork it over! Cough it up! Pay the piper! Gimme it.
His legs flail about as if independent of his body!
I majored in lightning rounds. All right, we?re gonna destroy you.
Well, I?m so confused as to what we?ve been doing so far?
 All right, hold on! If you win, we give up the birds.
But if we win, we get your apartment.
Oh, I would never bet this apartment. It?s too nice.
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
I can?t believe we live here!  Chandler and
Okay, she is the star of the play. And she is my girlfriend! I get to have sex with the star of the play!
Is it just me, or can you actually see his abs through his overcoat?! Kathy's
Yeah, it?s like someone literally wrote down my worst nightmare and then charged me $32 to see it!
I?m totally screwed. Okay, they are gonna be hot and heavy on stage every night, and then they?re gonna go to their cast parties and he?s gonna try to undermine me. Y'know it?ll be like, "So where?s your boyfriend, what?s-his-name, Chester?" And she?ll go, "No-no-no, it?s Chandler." And he?ll go, "Whatever. Ha-ha-ha-ha!"
All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
So uh, man, are you gonna go to the play with me tonight?
Okay, okay, but don?t worry, because we also have cereals, muffins, waffles, and, jams, jellies, and marmalades. Which I?m fairly certain are the same thing.
I?m right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there?s no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Come on, it was like cousins having sex up there!
Oh, I loved the play. You were great, and Nick ditto. Clearly you?re having sex with him.
Oh come on, it was so obvious! There was no chemistry between you two!
Y?know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you?re up there every night, you?re naked, touching, kissing.
Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Well, that is what happened, and I don?t even see you denying this!
Yeah, well, don?t expect that to happen anytime soon! Commercial Break
Steps!  Slut!  You will all be very happy to hear that Kathy is sleeping with that guy!
I confronted her, and she didn?t deny it!  I don?t live here! 
Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie?s?
Yes! See you and I have always been like?
Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
Well y'know, what if she didn?t actually sleep with the guy?
She did not have to tell me, I saw the play, and there was no heat. Back me up here, Ross!
That?s not backing me up! Look, you said with the off-stage and the heat, and the onstage and the oy heat.
Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I?m sorry. Y?know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Yeah, I know, I-I wish I had too, but y?know I-I think this is a good thing. Y'know? ?Cause we?ve had our first fight, and now we can move on. Y?know, I know for me? Nick?s pants?
Yeah. Well, I think our second fight is going to be a big one!
I?m saying that she? is a devil woman! Y?know I mean you think you know someone and then they turn around and they sleep with Nick! Nick, with his rock hard pecs, and his giant man-nipples! I hate him, I hate her! Well, I don?t hate her, I love her. This is all my fault really.
Because, I-I should?ve called! Y?know if I had just called her after our big, stupid fight, she never would?ve gone out with Nick, and they would?ve ended up in bed together. I threw her at his man nipples!
Y'know, I can't believe I'm getting my nails done!? And you said it was gonna be fun!  Which it kinda is.? Also, you said there would be other guys here. There are no other guys here! ?
That's a mailman! That's our mailman!   Hi. How are ya? ?
Hey, you know who used to have nails like that? ?
Yeah, I know, but all of those little annoying things she did before we fell in love? Like her voice, her laugh, her personality-Well, they're all back! Y'know? And she's picked up like nine new ones! ?
Don't worry about it. I'm taking care of it tonight.  ?
 Well, I don't have to break up with her this time. We're not involved! I'm going to do a pre-emptive strike! I'm going to end it with her before it starts. My ass is like frozen!  ?
Yes, I-I know that you do, but I think one of the reasons people were complaining though, was that they paid to hear the actor sing Old Man River. ?
 Okay, we have to talk. I'm just getting out of a very serious relationship... ?
Right! I just think that this is happening too soon. ?
I hear ya.  But! Unfortunately, my company is transferring me overseas! ?
Okay, could you just stop talking for a second?  ... Yemen! ?That's right, yes, I'm being transferred to Yemen! ?
But I do know that it's some time tomorrow. ? Appartement de Monica et Rachel. Phoebe et Monica sont plongees dans un circuit electrique. ?
Y'know uh, you didn't really have to help me pack. ?
Well, I-I thought I did but, I-I guess I did not! ?
Oh, I'm packing. Y'know I'm-I'm packing 'cause I'm moving to Yemen tomorrow. ?
I'm only going to pretend I'm moving to Yemen, it's the only way I can get rid off her. ?
Y'know you, really didn't have to take me to the airport. ?
Well, we're really not that close.  Okay, so I guess this is uh, good-bye then. ?
Okay. Then I guess it's just, wait here then.   Hi. I need one fake ticket to Yemen. ? Ticket Counter
Oh no-no-no, no. No, no, no, I just, I just need a pretend ticket. ? Ticket Counter
What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with? ? Ticket Counter
No. All right, y'know what, she's  gonna think that I'm handing you a credit card, but what I'm really gonna do is hand you a library card. ? Ticket Counter
 American Express? ? La partie de rugby. Ross se fait massacrer. ?
Well, just until we find an energy source to replace fuel. ?
Janice! There you are! There you are! I had to have one last kiss, and also-also you said that you were going to leave right after I got on the plane! ?
Well, I then guess I'm going to Yemen! I'm going to Yemen!  When we get to Yemen, can I stay with you? ? Closing Credits ? Appartement de Monica et Rachel. Monica a finalement arr?ter de chercher le but de l'interrupteur. Elle l'allume et l'eteint sans arr?t. ?
Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
Well, it certainly worked for that Valdez kid.
Hey, y?know what, if you?re gonna do that, if you?re gonna name him Joey, you should name him Chandler.  Oh, come on! Chandler?s funny, sophisticated, and he?s very loveable, once you get to know him.
Well, Chandler will be there for you too. I mean, well, he might be a little late, but-but, he?ll be there. And he?ll bring you some cold soda, if want you need him for is that you?re really hot.
You actually think that something can happen between Emily and Susan?
Hi! Hi! You?re crazy! Okay? This is Emily. Emily is straight.
Okay, there are no famous Joey?s. Except for, huh, Joey Buttafucco.
Okay, look, Joey! Come on, think about it, first of all, he?ll never be President. There?s never gonna be a President Joey.
Wow, you?re, you?re right. I have a horrible, horrible name.
No, no, you?re right, it is a ridiculous name!
Yes it is! From now on, I have no first name.
Okay uh, for now, temporarily, you can call me, Clint.
Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?
 Okay. Okay. All right. Help! Am I a Mark, or a John?
All right look, am I serious, okay? Tomorrow at
Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it?s probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women... So, as of 4 o?clock tomorrow, I?m either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Uhh, a T-shirt that says, "I don?t belong here."
Forget it! Okay, I?m not giving up my bachelor pad for some basketball seats!
No. But uh, Joey has, and I usually talk to them in the morning time.
 Yes, Gunther, can I get two cups of chino, please?
Forget it! Okay, I?m not giving up the apartment.
Because you?ve only known her for six weeks! Okay, I?ve got a carton of milk in my fridge I?ve had a longer relationship with!
And I love the milk! But, I?m not gonna some British girl to move in with me!  Joey, you say things now.
Okay, no problem, just remember to wake us up before you go-go.
Look, I want those basketball seats as much as you do! Okay, but we can?t leave in the small apartment after we?ve lived here! Didn?t you ever read Flowers for Algernon?
Look, the only way I will even consider this is if they offer a lot more than just season seats.
I didn?t mean that. I just meant that the apartment is worth so much more.
No. No. We?re not gonna do that, y?know why? Because its not an even trade.
All right, but you can?t use that again for a whole year. I?m in.
Okay, you guys uh, you guys pick first
Oh yeah, that?s very nice. Plus, y?know they were free and they?re too small. 
Well, you?re gonna have to leave sometime, because you both have jobs, and as soon as you do, we?re switching it back! There?s nothing you can do to stop us! Right, Joe?
I don?t care, this is our apartment! And they stole-you stole it-our apartment, and we won that apartment fair and square, twice! And I am getting it back right now. I?m getting back right now! 
Oh no-no-no, no more offers. You can?t offer anything to us!
Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please?  So uh, what do you do when you?re not working here?
Well, I am drinking lots of cups of coffee because I?m exhausted! Because Joey started snoring!
It?s not something to be proud of, okay? You have to go to a sleep clinic!
Next time you snore, I?m rolling ya over!
Oh, she?s got you running errands, y?know, picking up wedding dresses...  Wah-pah!
All right buddy, time to roll over.   No-no!  No, no-n-n-n-no!! You are going to a clinic! You?re going to a clinic, and a pyjama store!
Hey, I hear that you and Joshua are going out to dinner with Ross and Emily, and I think that's, I think that's really cool.
Because weddings are a great place to meet women, and when I dance, I look like this... 
 Hey, check out that girl! She is really hot!
You?re coming on to the entire room!  I?m Chandler.
What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.
Yep! And! A beautiful woman agreed to go out with me.  Joey wanted to ask her out, but uh, she picked me.
Well she?s, she?s the kinda girl-Joey was unconscious. 
Y?know what? It seems like all of the sudden; so much has happened.
And we just sit here. I mean if I die the only way people would even know I was here, would be by the ass print on this chair! Look, we have to do something. Okay? Something huge!
Why not?! I mean it?s just, it?s just climbing! It?s just, it?s just steep!
We?re going to Everest! Okay, it would be nice to leave an ass print on Everest!
Yeah, we could do that without y?know risking our lives at all!
But I?ll tell you something. One of these days we?re get off of our buts and rent Die Hard again!
See, maybe that?s the one we should?ve actually hidden.
This isn?t one of those uh, y?know "If she doesn?t come, we-we don?t, we don?t come?" Right? Because I already bought my ticket...
Come on, Ross? Remember back in college, when he fell in love with Carol and bought her that ridiculously expensive crystal duck? 
Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you? 
All right, check it out. Check this out. It says here that there?s a place you can go to rent videos of all the museums!  "It?s almost as good as being there."
Well, You could, but... probably just the one time.
If we do that, we gotta get Die Hard.
You can be the best man when I get married.
Oh no-no-no, you-yeah, of course you get to be my best man.
I'm not even getting married! Okay, this is a question for science fiction writers!
Yeah, well, good luck trying to top the last one.
Oh, I'm Ross. I'm Ross. I'm too good for the Hut; I'm too good for the Hut.
See ya.  Have fun planning your mellow bachelor party.
 Okay, a little announcement, a little announcement. I've decided that my best man is, my best friend Gunther!
 Okay, okay, a little announcement, I just want everyone to know that the position of my best man is still open! And uh,  so is the position of the bride. The
Ugh. Just a sec, give me a minute to wake up for this-Ah-ha-ha!! You lost the ring! You're the worst best man ever!
So you might say, the ring is irreplaceable? 
So you might say, it's a magic ring.
Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don't you be my best man."
Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
Six-hour trip to London. That's a lot of Monica. 
 Here you go Phoebe! Here you go Phobo! Phewbedo! Phaybobo.
Okay, if you see a little version of me in there? Kill it!
Okay. Listen-listen, we're not gonna have to walk this way the entire time are we?
I think it's great. It's great. Y'know, they're thinking of changing the name of this place.
Well, I don't have to buy that, "I'm with stupid" T-shirt anymore.
All right, look, you're not really gonna buy that are you? Don't you think you've embarrassed me enough for one day?
How can I answer that when I'm pretending I don't know you? The
Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them? The
All right, look, if you insist on wearing that, in public, y'know, you're gonna spend the rest of the afternoon all by yourself.
Okay, wait. All right, that's it, okay, I'm out of here. I am not going to be embarrassed anymore! 
No-no-no, y'know what? I really shouldn't have said that you were embarrassing me, I mean that really wasn't cool. And if it makes you feel any better, I've had a really lousy day.
Joey, it's been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
I'd like to toast, Ross and Emily. Of course, my big toast will be tomorrow at the wedding, so this is kind of my little toast or Melba toast, if you will.  Okay. I known Ross for a long time. In fact, I knew him when he was going out with his first girlfriend.  And I thought things were going to work out for him..Until the day he over inflated her.  Ohh, Dear God..  Mrs.
 And I'm sure we're all very excited that Ross and Emily are getting married at Montgomery Hall. I mean to think, my friend getting married in Monty Hall.  Ohh, come on!! Monty Hall!! Lets make a Deal!! Come on, you people!! All right, forget it!! Congratulations, Ross and Emily. 
The guy was hammered, okay? There's no way, you look like Ross's mother.
Because he's crazy. Okay? He came up to me earlier and thanked me for my very moving performance in Titanic.
Ahh, you know what? That is....Who wouldn't want you?
Well I've-I've never done that with you before.
So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
No!! Okay!! What's with the third degree?! Why don't you just shine a light in my eyes?! 
Oh yea, your right. It's the second one.
It could've been worse, he could've shot her. 
Oh wow, I hope you don't take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I'm just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Well, I don't see that we have a choice. But, when we're back home, we don't do it.
Listen, in the middle of everything if I scream the word, "Yippee!" just ignore me. 
Yes, we do. But, we have to change first.
Yeah, we'll be down in like five minutes.
 Hey, listen, why don't we go change in my room?
Well, I suppose I'd have to say you!! But, what if we're watching a movie in here?
Well, Ross and Emily aren't gonna use it.
Oh Mon-Mon-Mon-Mon-look, this is the honeymoon suite. The room expects sex. The room would be disappointed if it didn't get sex. All of the other honeymoon suites would think it was a loser.
Well, you couldn't have looked everywhere or else you would've found her!
Wow, in 45 minutes you can find her twice. 
We have to leave for New York in an hour.
We can't do that that's insane. I mean 'A' he could wake up and 'B' y'know, let's go for it. 
Yeah, it kinda makes that-that one night special.  Y'know, technically we still are over international waters.
Yes! Good thing we have that, 'Not in New York' rule.
Oh. Y'know, that night meant a lot to me too, and it wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything, it just meant a lot to me 'cause, you're really hot! Is that okay?
Thank you!  All right, I gotta go unpack.
 I'm still on London time, does that count?
For the last time no! Get out! Get out, Joey!
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke--Diet Coke.  Opening Credits
Ooh! Ahh, Pheebs, was gonna tell a story.
I can't believe she can out run you man!
Oh, Ross, when you make out card; be sure to make it out to, EM-I-LY. 
And uh, Rachel, glad to have you back. 
All right, y'know what, we've been talking about London too much haven't we?
I got caught up and work, but I'm quitting tomorrow.
So, thanks for having me over! Rach.  Pheebs. 
Well, I'm gonna go home and bask in the triumph of my Central Park idea. 
I was just trying to bring a little culture to the group.
Okay, Pheebs, we decided the picnic idea was a little... Y'know, it didn't have any... It-it, well it blew. So, we thought, that this afternoon that we would all go away for the whole weekend to, Atlantic City!
Pheebs! We have to take you to the hospital now!
Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
Yeah, that's when if you get the babies out by the end of the month, they give you 2% financing.
This-this Fonzie person you keep referring too, is that uh, is that another doctor? Dr.
Oh, is this about you-you dating the nurse? Yeah, Joey already told me, and I am so-so fine. I mean, you and I we're just, y'know, we're nothing, we're goofin' around.
So Dan, nurse not a doctor huh? Kinda girlie isn't it?
Sure.  And listen, thanks for doing that for us, by the way. 
 Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night? Delivery Room
So, are you really gonna go out with that nurse man?
Y'know, I don't know if you've ever looked up the term goofing around in the dictionary... Well, I have, and the technical definition is, two friends who care a lot about each other and have amazing sex and just wanna spend more time together. But if you have this new fangled dictionary that gets you made at me, then we have to, y'know, get you my original dictionary. I am so bad at this.
Y'know, I sensed that I should stop. So we're okay?
So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
That's kind of a masculine name, don't you think?
 Ha-ha-ha--enh-enh. I'm so glad you guys are all here! My office finally got wrinkle free fax paper! Opening Credits
Well y'know a lot of those Muppets don't have thumbs.
Uhh, yeah. She uh, she uh, she uh might've mentioned him.
Yeah, I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
Really?! That's what you heard?  You said that?
Because I'm very happy for him!  And you, you lucky dog!
 Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
If you're cooking on the stove, does that mean that your new secret boyfriend is better in bed than Richard?
Why?! I mean if this guy was me and it was me who had learned that it was me who was the best you'd ever had, I'd be going like this. 
Well, you can't just not see Rachel anymore, she's one of your best friends.
How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Oh that was yours? Uh, yeah, we used it when the duck was throwing up caterpillars.
Expect it in 4-6 weeks.  Umm, hey, umm, Joey's gonna be at the telethon for the rest of the day, we have the whole place to ourselves.
Well I just, thought maybe you'd wanna book some time with the best you'd ever had.
 Look, maybe I got carried away before. But there's something you gotta know. If I'm the best, it's only because you've made me the best.
I mean I was nothing before you. Call the other girls and ask. Which wouldn't take long. But when I'm with you, and we're together, OH...MY...GOD.
Oh-aw my God! Now, I understand if you never want to sleep with me again, but that would be wrong. We're too good! We owe it, to sex!
Well, I was kinda hoping we could do this without him.  Oh no-no-no, leave the gloves on.
All right, let's show them how it's done.
I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
Yeah, I can say that I have a conference and you can say you have a chef thing.
I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?" 
And condoms are the way to do that? 
Oh, you should live with Joey, Roll-os everywhere.
Oh yes! Monica, get in here! There's a high-speed car chase on! 
Okay, but let's do it now though, because Chopper 5 just lost it's feed! 
Half a tank? We still got a lot of high-speed chasing to do!
I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch--have a perfect, magical weekend together with you. 
 Nothing! It's over! Dammit! This is regularly scheduled programming!
Oh, I'm sorry, am I getting in the way of all the room switching fun?
Oh, who should I blame? The nice bell man who had to drag out luggage to 10 different rooms?
I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
It was terrible. I fought with  my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this? 
Uh, no, I got to see Donald Trump waiting for an elevator.
Well, maybe it was the kind of food that tasted good at first but then made everybody vomit and have diarrhea.
Yeah, just think of it as $25 per room!
Kip, my old roommate, y'know we all used to hang out together.
I just came over to drop off...nothing. So that weekend kinda sucked, huh?
Well, y'know, you and me, it had to end sometime.
Because of the weekend, we had a fight.
Joey, can I talk to you for a second? 
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
Aren't you supposed to be at an audition for another hour?
Yeah, just some 9-year-old Filipino kids who worked their fingers bloody for 12 cents an hour.  That didn't happen, I made that up!
Okay, but don't you think this is a little extreme?
Yeah I know, we're losing Ross, Joey said hence...
Now that's so funny, because last Christmas I got the gift of space. We should get them together and make a continuum. 
Look, we just think that maybe she's being a little unreasonable.
Kind of? If you just kept this to yourself none of this would've happened.
Well, I think it's very brave what you said. 
Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Oh, yeah! Absolutely! Anything you need man! But you have to promise me the second you are feeling better so that we can make fun of your hair!
 Oh my God, the air purifier! Ross's air purifier! All I heard through 4 years of college was 
 All right look, y'know, this maybe tough but come on, this is Ross! I survived college with him!
Well, I-I-I'm done with this. You want anything Ross? Sports? International? Apartment listings?
Yeah, well look at this kitchen, slash bathroom. Well that's great! Y'know so you can cook while in the tub.
Yeah, you don't want to be stuck with us for the next five weeks.
Not a lot of closet space, but he can just hang his stuff out the window in a bag!
 Of course he has this big huge dog! That uh, barks into the night.  Well, who doesn't love dogs?  Ah, he's a tap dancer!  Yes, some would say that is a lost art.  He's a pimp!  There you go! Yes, he's a pimp. He's a big, tap dancing pimp!  Hello? 
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
No-no-no! I am the king of bad Thanksgivings. You can't just swoop in here with your bad marriage and take that away from me.
It's a tradition, like the parade. If the parade decided it was gay, moved out, and abandoned its entire family.  Thanksgiving 1978
Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Well, as long as the pilgrims didn't eat it, I'm in.  Fat
Oh yeah, it was great. You should be a chef. Fat
Right on! Oh! Uh, but, don't take to long okay? 'Cause uh, we're gonna test out our fake ID's tonight, right Clifford Alverez.
No, it's not that, I just don't want to be stuck here all night with your fat sister.
I called you fat?! I don't even remember that!
I am so sorry. I really am. I was an idiot back then. I rushed the stage at a Wham concert for crying out loud!
I am really sorry. That is so terrible. I am so, so sorry.
Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. 
You just, you look so different! Terrific! That dress! That body!
Monica, I was wondering if you can make me some of that righteous mac and cheese like last year.
That's why I lost my toe?! Because I called you fat?!
That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!
Yeah, well, I miss the tip! It's the best part. It has the nail. 
Yeah, well, sorry doesn't bring back the little piggy that cried all the way home! I hate this stupid day! And everything about it! I'll see you later.
Yeah, just leave me alone for a while. 
Oh-oh, I'm a duck! I go, "Quack, quack!" I'm happy all the time! 
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!  Ending Credits Thanksgiving 1915
Top of the world? Dock of the bay?  I'm out.
 All this lying has been hard on us too.
I know it sounds really weird, but we're just so bad at relationships.
I didn't know you were taking a class. That is so cool.
 Knock-knock. Who's there? Ross Geller's lunch. Ross Geller's lunch, who? Ross Geller's lunch, please don't take me. Okay?
Say Ross, when you picture Phoebe living on the street, is she surrounded by the entire cast of Annie?
No-no, wait! There's got to be a better explanation. You can tell them you had to make an adult film for your  adult film class.
Which I may say, right now, is out of control.
All right, look! Look. I think I can explain this. 
Well let's....let's see what everybody thinks of that?
Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
 Alright, whoever this is, stop calling me!  It's been six months! It's not funny!
Leave me alone! For the love of God, leave me alone!!! 
Well, so, play for the next 30 minutes and then write until he gets home.
Okay, but be careful okay, because I wanna get our security deposit back.
Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?
 Oh yeah, it's great! See you take a tennis ball, a bowl, and some lighter fluid-Op! Op! 
 Guys, come on! Let's go! The puck drops in 20 minutes! Come on, Joe!
 Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
The only reason you're doing this to Joey is because you're bored. Okay, it's not his fault that you're unemployed.
Oh, so being a good friend means acting like a total jerk?
Oh yeah. First off all, chasing the Churo guy isn't jogging.
Oh hey! There's some kids playing in the street, you wanna go down there and give them a project, ruin their day?
Great! Now, we can go to the Ranger game!  Last night!
Yeah or also when you don't have somebody breathing down your neck ALL THE LIVE LONG DAY!!
No, it was me. I'm sorry. I over reacted.
We wanted to kiss at midnight, but nobody else is going to so y'know...
Do you want us to leave the room, or?
That's good one too, Pheebs. Now all you have to do is find a planeload of people who's resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
I'll take that bet my friend. And you know what, paying me the 50 bucks could be the "new thing you do that day!"  And it starts right now!
No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before. 
What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
 Ross is wearing leather pants! Does nobody else see that Ross is wearing leather pants?  Someone comment on the pants!
That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight.  Maybe there's something in that area. 
Oh yeah, me too. Y'know if this shirt is dirty.  Yep. 
Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
Oh, we had a lot of liquor left over from the Christmas party.
I asked myself that very question, sir. Uh,  this is Monica.  This is my boss, Doug. Doug this is Monica.
Oh, believe me, to survive this party, you're gonna have to come up with one too.
Hey! Everybody at work loved you last night!
And! They like me more just because I was with ya! I think you repaired a lot of the damage from when they met Joey. And Doug wants us to play tennis with them. He's never even talked to me outside of work. Except for that time when we bumped into each other at that strip club.  Strip church. Anyway, I'm gonna go try and find a racquet.
Oh I used too, but then Joey thought it would be fun to go to Central Park and hit rocks at...bigger rocks.  Hey Rach, do you have a tennis racquet?
Okay, easy Martina. I think we should let them win the next game.
Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro?   Please let them win!
Yeah, at least you hid your feelings well about it. 
If we hadn't lost the game they never would've invented us to dinner tomorrow night.
Okay y'know what, because you said that, I'm not putting out tonight.
So I laugh at my boss's jokes, what's the big deal?
Well, I-I just didn't think it was funny sir.
 All right, so you're telling me that I have to tell racist jokes now?!
 I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
I also want you to remember that I let you live here rent free!
Oh! Look at that, time's up! My turn!
All right, then massage me up right nice! 
It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!
I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just-I didn't know what it was!
Look, for the first time in my life I'm in a real relationship. Okay, I'm not gonna screw that up by y'know, telling the truth.
Wow! You look just like your son Mrs. Tribbiani!
Pulling flowers out it makes the bag look a lot more masculine. 
 Listen, I just wanted to apologize about this afternoon and the whole massage thing. Y'know? I-I really like 'em.
It's okay, you don't have to be the best at everything.
Okay, you give the worst massages in the world.
Okay, hear me out. Okay? You give the best bad massages. If anybody was looking for the best bad massage and they were thinking to themselves, "Who's the best of that?" They'd have to go to you.
Oh, it would be you! You! Monica! And you'd get all the votes!
And we're done with the chicken fried rice.
Or we can do the actual telephone thing. Opening Credits
Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things.  Are you okay?
Phoebe, it's me. You can tell me anything.
Well, my Grandfather was Swedish and my Grandmother was actually a tiny little bunny.
Y'know that is a popular opinion today I must say.
The weirdest thing happened at the coffee house, I think, I think Phoebe was hitting on me.
I'm telling you I think Phoebe thinks I'm foxy.
No, I didn't misunderstand, okay? She was all over me! She touched my bicep for crying out loud!
 Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
 Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps-She knows! Commercial Break
Hello Phoebe, I've been thinking about you all day. 
Well you know that thing you said before, I'd be lying if I said I wasn't intrigued.
Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?
Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
 Well that would be nice. I'll go get the lotion. 
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Look, she's not backing down! She went like this!  
Okay, give me a second!  Did you clean up in here?
 It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very were gonna be having all the sex.
Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Love her! That's right, I...LOVE...HER!!! I love her!!  I love you, Monica.
And hats off to Phoebe. Quite a competitor.  And might I say your breasts are still showing.
Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet.  Ending Credits
 Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! 
Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
Hey listen, come on, Joey is having a problem! A little girl is beating him up.
Very, very funny, but don't say things like that in front of Monica. I don't want you putting any ideas in her head.
I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I'm right. I'm right. Am I right?
Okay. It's not different at all, is it?
I'm just hanging out. Y'know, having fun. Y'know with the girl that I'm seeing casually.
Well, you do want all that stuff, right?
Yes! You want babies! You have baby fever!
Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Nah-uh! I know you! Okay? I know the thoughts that you have in the head--in your head!
Well, I did not know that. Commercial Break
It's gonna be okay, right? I mean she's not gonna leave me? This is, this is fixable. Ross and
Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
I need to talk to you, it's urgent!
Okay, I've been doing a lot of thinking about us, y'know a lot of uhh, us thinking. And uh, well I guess there's only one-one way to do this. 
I don't know. But I know I'm not afraid to do this.
No, the best reason to get married is pregnancy. Sorry is pretty much fourth y'know, behind being ready and actually wanting to get married.  Will you be my wife?
Yeah, I'm kinda wishing everyone wasn't here right now.
Yeah I know, but I was really confused and then I talked to these guys. 
Well I would've been happy because I would've be able to spend the rest of my life with the woman that I love. Or, you would've seen a Chandler shaped hole in that door.  Ending Credits
Okay, how long is this going to go on.
Oh, we wanted to finish the crossword before we went to bed. Hey, do you know a six-letter word for red?
Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later.  Hey, how about maroon?
Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts.  Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Oh, y'know what? The last time Joey went to a meadow, his mother was shot by a hunter.
Okay, but impersonating a police officer is a serious thing. You could get arrested.
Oh, come on! You've been acting strange all day!
Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that?  I kinda have a dream! I don't want to talk about it.
You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool!  I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing.   Anyway we're talking about your dream.  I love you.  Your dream? 
No, it can mean anything. Like uh, all of the sudden you're jealous because I've become the apartment stud.
Joey, look, are you attracted to Monica? Right here, right now, are you attracted to her?
Well y'know, Monica and I were friends before we started dating. So maybe-maybe that's it?
Y'know, I would be offended, but Monica is freakishly strong, so...
 Oh, I see. I thought you just really, really liked your new couch.
Okay, I don't think we can turn anymore!
Okay, yeah, I think it's really stuck now.
Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?
I gotta check out this hot girl!  There she is! 
 So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you... 
Monica, you have got to stop this competitive thing! Okay? It's crazy. {Finally! The voice of reason.} I mean, just impress Gary and Phoebe we have to go upstairs and have sex over and over and I'm saying no to this, why? Get your coat. Commercial Break
Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
Oh yeah, it's so cool.  Now I gotta go, Officer Bing has gotta, 10-100.  That's pee-pee. 
Monica! This is the Men's room!  Isn't it?
No. And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out. Monica, this is getting ridiculous!
Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
Yeah! I've never been in a relationship that's lasted this long before. Y'know to get past the beginning and still be around each other all the time, I think that's pretty incredible. And the fact that this is happening all with you, yeah I think that's pretty exciting. 
Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.
Yes you did! Admit it! You freaked out!
Little?! You freaked out big time! Okay? And I fixed it! We have switched places! I am the relationship and king and you are the crazy, irrational screw up!   And now we're back. Ending Credits
Hey Rach, now that you're working at Ralph Lauren, can you bring me back some of those polo shirts?
Weirder than watching his two moms make out? 
Yeah, or you can do the easy thing and smoke.
Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
Y'know I rued the day once...didn't get a whole lot else done.
 Well I mean, let me get the door first.  Oh, hi! No one. 
Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You smoked!
Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!
I wish I had smoked for my career...
Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
 Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
Monica and I are celebrating our ten-month anniversary, we've got reservations at Ja George.
Made a few calls, pulled some strings, and they agreed to seat us at
Yeah, if that was true, gym class would've been a lot more interesting.
Oh, he's in the back. The duck pissed him off, said that eggs came first.
Okay first of all, the impression, uncanny. And second, that was not flirting, that was just casual conversation between two people. That is all.
You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. 
Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin? 
So, Joey on Law & Order, you must be very proud!
I'm sorry, I thought you were Joey's other grandmother.  I've done it again.
Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Here you go.  Now stop bringing us pizzas you.
Thank you for that!  I was not flirting.
 So umm, you-you flirt with guys all the time?
Okay, but there is a big difference. You are a lot hotter than I am.
Yes, it does bother me! And I think it would bother a lot of people. Rachel, when you were going out with Ross, did it bother you when he flirted with other women?
 If we keep talking this way, aren't we gonna freak her out soon? Grandma
Doesn't know, "Hello." But she knows Capricorn One. 
So uh Monica, do you, do you like the Law & Order?
See, I'm finding out all this stuff about you today, like you like the Law & Order and that you flirted with every guy in the Tri-State area!
Oh, I'm so glad we cleared that up. Look, I'm sorry, some things are different for men and for women.
Okay, I've already taught you so much already, but whatever. See when you flirt with a guy you think, "I'm just flirting, no big deal." But the guy is thinking, "Finally! Somebody who wants to sleep with me!"
All guys that are awake. Then we go to sleep and then all the guys from the other end of the world wake up and behave the exact same way.
Uh, Joey is gonna be right back. Right back!  Meanwhile, let's-let's-let's talk about you.  So, you're old and small. 
 If this is the way all the Gellers flirt, we don't have a problem.
You couldn't have at least changed your shirt.
You look amazing. I'm the luckiest man in the world.
 They look great! Does your boyfriend have the best taste or what?
Tonight? You-you didn't say it was going to be at nighttime. Opening Credits
It is starting to get dark out there.
Okay, I'll give them back.  Look! What is so great about that sandwich?
Sur-surprise him? We're not, we're not gonna make anybody mad are we?
Y'know, when you say partner it doesn't sound cop. It, it sounds gay.
Look at Officer Ross riding back here with the visitors.
Okay, y'know, we-we're safe right? I mean nothing bad can go down!
 Oh, hurry up. I want to sign that.
Yeah! If the car that backfired had run over you! Y'know what, I think I'll go home before Ross starts rambling about his newfound respect for life. 
Oh, I just went for a walk, around the living room. Whatever...
No. No I'm just tired. Y'know, from-from the walk.
Look I'm very glad that you saved Ross from the car backfire, but y'know, it could've been a bullet and you y'know, you didn't try to save me!
When it comes down to it, you would risk your life for Ross before you would for me. That's the bottom line.
So you risked your life, for a sandwich!
So you didn't uh, choose Ross before me.
I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.
Before or after you were shot by your own troops?
Yes, if the foxhole was lined with sandwiches.
 Yeah, see, I can't pull of baby-doll can I?
 Right, because it's fast. Because, it's so fast. It's fast!
Oh! Good for you Pheebs, way to go! 
I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
 Still terrified, I'll take care of it. No problem.  Opening Credits
Hey ladies! What are you in here for? 
It is a crime that you and I don't spend more time together.
Well, I heard that you thinking about asking Phoebe to move in with you and I thought maybe, we should have a talk. Man to uh, me.
Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
I am trying to open your eyes, my man! Don't you see, if you lived with Phoebe she's always gonna be there. You're gonna get home, she's there. You go to bed, she's there. You wake up and oh yes, she's there!
Wow, y'know when you say it, it doesn't sound so scary.
Yeah, I think I do! Y'know what? You move in with her! You move in with her right now! Maybe I should in with Monica!
Yes I did, and I think you should do it.
He's a great guy, y'know? And he loves you a lot, you are a very lucky lady.
I'm sorry.  If you ask me, I'd move in with him.
Four hours? You guys have been doing this for four hours?
Maybe that's because she's a minion of the anti-Christ.
Yeah, you almost overreacted to something. Phoebe and
Come on! Gary's such a great guy! Whatever the problem is, you can work it out!
Oh, Richard. That's all I ever hear, Richard, Richard, Richard!
How much did I love The King and I? 
You got the lead in a movie? That's amazing! What's the movie about?!
Well, uh, we can talk about that too Pheebs.
Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
All right, great, road trip baby!  This okay with you?
Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough?  
Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
I see, but once you get your first paycheck you'll be springing a big hotel suite, right? I mean, lead in a movie, they must be paying you a lot?
So you don't get paid unless the movie makes money?
We've been driving for a half-hour, and you haven't looked at the road once.
Look Joe, I just, I just don't want to get your hopes up real high.
They're not even paying ya! This doesn't even sound like a real movie!
Joe, I don't think this is going to be your big break.
Oh, you don't want me on the trip?
All right, I'll tell ya what, the next time you ask me a question like that I'll lie.
All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
You're not actually supposed to stop on the bridge.
All right!!  Wait! Wait, there's no sidewalk! Yeah, I'm gonna die here. Commercial Break ?
Joey kicked me out of the car on the George Washington bridge!
I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Oh, I figured you guys would all be mad at me. So I got you some gifts that I found on the side of the road.  Who wants the teddy bear with one leg?
 Is that Joey? Is that Joey? Let me talk to him! I wanna talk to him!
Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
That's a good idea. I wonder where I could  get a basket of porn...
 Is that Joey?!  Let me talk to him! 
 Y'know what? I have been trying to apologize to him all week! If he's not gonna let me do it on the phone, I'm gonna go down there and do it in person. 
No-no-no-no, I've supported you one hundred percent and I want to prove that to you in person! 
Forgive me? You haven't been taking my calls in a week! 
I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Okay this is great, but Joey said he didn't want any of us out there.
Yeah, I think we should see other people.
Yeah, I guess it's a little better now.
Okay!  Oh man! Don't tell me I did this!
How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Ohh that's the worse thing that can happen on an anniversary ever!
Oh yeah! Yeah, so you-you bumped into Richard! You grabbed a bite! It's no big deal. 
No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
When you go lunching with hunky moustache men and don't tell me about it!
There's not gonna be a next time! You can not ever see him again!
That's so funny, because I think I just did!
 Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
Y'know, if I won $5,000 I'd join a gym, y'know build up my upper body and hit Richard from behind with a stick! 
Are you sure you weren't  looking at your hands in a mirror?
 Y'know, I-I can't really put a price on that Joe.
No! No! I support you 100%! I just didn't, I didn't get it right away. Y'know now I'm caught up! Identical hand twins! It's a million-dollar idea! 
What does it look like? I'm going home.
Come on! I was there!  I know he's the love of your life.
Yeah, I wanted to make a dramatic scene, but I hate packing.
Yeah, she couldn't live without the Chan Love. 
Yes! I've-I've never seen a roll like this in my life!
Okay, ah umm, ah, a 8. Ah, a 6?
If you get this one, we buy everybody here a steak dinner!
Thank you, Mister Drunken Gambler! Okay, you get this and uh, we get the biggest suite in the place!  Wait-wait-wait-wait! We  get the biggest suite in the place.
 Yes!! I love you! I can't even remember what we were fighting about!
Okay, okay, I tell you what. You roll another hard eight;  and we get married here tonight. Drunken
You roll another hard eight and we get married here tonight.
Yes! I love you! I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
 Okay! That's a four! And where-where's the other one? Drunken
Okay, all right, all right, all right! Okay!  Okay, here's something, here's something blue and new.
Ohh, great, I have condom in my wallet I've had since I was twelve.
No, we'll-we'll bring it back! Just put it under your dress. 
Oh, that's The Wedding March. Does, does that freak you out?
Okay!  This is it!  We're gonna get married!
Okay!  This is it!  We're gonna get married!
So, has anyone talked to Dr. and Mrs. Geller yet?
Monica and I almost got married last night.
Look, I just don't think Monica and I are ready to get married yet! Y'know? I mean, I love her and everything but seeing Ross and Rachel coming out of that chapel was like a, like a wake-up call that Monica and I are moving so fast. Y'know? And, how do I tell her without crushing her?
Are we gonna talk about what you guys did last night? Or...
Well, I think, I think, Ross already has one. Now, this one's free, right? Because you paid for the first two, so the third one's free.
I don't know. But I-I-I know I love you!
So where are we on the whole going back to the place where they have all the marriages thing? I love you.
Yes, we don't get married unless there's a sign! Okay, so say uh, say you roll another eight  then there's a definite sign that we should get married.
That was so unlikely. Well, let's get married! I guess.
That's right! It was the wrong kind of eight, no wedding! Damnit!
? Well, I told you not to walk. Here.  There. Okay. 
All right, should we just, should we just get married? Y'know? I mean should we just do it? All the signs are telling us to do it.
 Y'know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I'm saying?
The door hasn't been locked in five years, but okay!  Ready?!
Okay, a little problem. The key broke in the lock and I can't get in!
Y'know when we move in together, can I get a gumball machine?
No. When it comes to sweets, he's surprisingly strict.
No, no, I keep trying, y'know? I can get out, "Joey, I have too..." but then I lose my nerve and I always finish with, "...go to the bathroom." He may think I'm sick.
Oh, so that's this is gonna work now? You're just gonna order me around all the time?
No-o-o!  No?  No-o-o! Look Joey, here's the thing, Monica and I have decided to live together, here. So, I'm gonna be moving out man.
Look, I-I'm just gonna be right across the hall and I promise you, the minute Monica and I break up I'm moving right back in with you!
Okay, so that's it, everybody knows! It's official, we're moving in together. No turning back. Are ya scared? Are ya?
Wow that was my scariest voice! You're very brave. 
Hey listen, for the first four years of my work everybody called me Sha-la-lap.  Seriously.
Well, I-I still think you're very-very nice and very pretty...
Okay, when are we gonna tell Rachel what is actually gonna happen?
You just said... Of course you're my best friend. Would you please tell Rachel though?
Look, I'm just gonna be across the hall, we can still do all the same stuff.
And you're upset because you didn't make your best friend cry?
Okay, I gotta ask, who calls us that?!
Pheebs, I don't understand. How can you have a roommate that none of us know anything about?
Hey-hey! I thought Naked Thursday's was just our thing man! Opening Credits ?
Well, I like that idea. Obviously! I was thinking maybe-maybe-maybe it could be a game room, y'know? I mean you can buy old arcade games like uh, like Space Invaders and Asteroids for $200, the real ones! The big-big ones!
Okay so you mean no as in, "Gee Chandler, what an interesting idea. Let's discuss it before we reject it completely."
Which is why Asteroids is perfect! It's the oldest game!
I don't have anything against the beautiful guest room, especially since everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away!
No, I'm not mocking you,  or you beautiful guest room. 
Nothing, Monica and I had a stupid fight.
Hi, listen, I'm sorry about before. I don't need to have a game room. I mean when I was a kid I only played those games because I couldn't get girls, and now I can 'em-Now, I have you.  Not-not that I think that I have you or think of you as property in any sort of way, I see women...
That's a great idea! We can easily think of a way for us both to enjoy the room.
We don't have to come up with this now.
Hey, y'know what? Why don't we think about changes we can make in the living room?
Yeah, I mean we're gonna have to move around some furniture to make room for my chair. 
Oh, that's cool. Then I'll just bring them both over.
Okay, I get it. So, I get nothing! Nothing here is mine! Everything here is yours! I'll get up in the morning put on your clothes, and head off to work!
All right! That's fine! That's fine! I won't bring over the chairs! I won't bring anything over! I wouldn't want to ruin the ambiance over here at Grandma's place!! 
 You can call off the roommate search!  Hi! I'll be living here. 
Why did you take the shower curtain down?
Well, why don't you tell her to stop being silly! 
Well, we are fond of the silliness, but we also have a soft spot for the love.
He's being silly, because he knows that we enjoy the silliness!
Scared me out of ever wanting to live with him.
Okay! , the coffee table forward , and taped a square outline on the floor.)
Oh that's so sweet! I want to show you something too!
Y'know those big-big uh, road signs that say "Merge?"
Y'know? So I was thinking that we could get one of those signs and hang it over our bed. Because, that's you and I together! Merge!
Just out of curiosity did she tell you how you're gonna go?
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not talking about Chuckles University?!
That's the way I did it 'til I was 19.
Yes, you got something from the Screen Actor's Guild.
Okay, it's not a check. They're saying your health insurance expired because, you didn't work enough last year.
I'm sorry man, there's never a good time to  stop catching on fire.
Okay, make sure you look both ways before you cross the street.
That's great, but shouldn't you be on the toilet right now?
This sounds like a hernia. You have to-you-you go to the doctor!
Hey, will you grab me a cruller?  Sit down! Will you go to the hospital?!
I will loan you the money. Just go to the hospital and let's just get that thing...pushed back in.
Oh Joey's got a really bad hernia, but that's nothing a little laser eye surgery won't fix!
Listen, I'm really glad you got the part.
But are you sure you can do this?
Now, is that never talking about it again?!
I'm sorry! Hey-hey Joe, why don't you uh, lift up your shirt?  Take a look at this kiddo.  We have a crying child! Roll the damn cameras!
Okay, let me just jump in and ask, at what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Ross, just for my own piece of mind, you're not married to anymore of us are ya? Opening Credits ?
Oh good, when he comes back for his keys, I'll be sure to give him your shoe.
Yeah, I'm gonna pass. 'Cause I was kinda iffy when it was puppies.
Little baby girl Chandler, where I have heard that before? Oh right, Coach Ruben.  Do you know what Pheebs? When you're done over there, we kinda have a situation over here too. 
See that's where I think that you're wrong. We've been playing these babies man for man; we should really be playing a zone defense.
I just think that things would go a lot smoother if we each have our own zone. Phoebe, you can be in charge of wiping. And y'know Mon, you can be in charge of diapering and I can be in charge of looking how cute they are when they put their hands around... 
Okay, I'm a rookie. I should not be in the end zone. 
 Check it out! Check it out! When the babies wake up, they can meet Krog! 
He can do more than that! He can destroy the universe!
They're not gonna swallow anything, you guys are being way over protective. When I was a kid, my mom used to just throw me into a pile of broken glass!
 All right.  I thought about it and maybe you're right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
Well, I was trying to prove that I was right. Y'know? And it turns out I was wrong. And now it's lodged in my throat.  
But you found the keys to his clothes?
Ahh, I think it just moved. It's really poking me.
Well, let's just say that Krog will be fully equipped to destroy the universe again in twelve to fourteen hours.
Is not as important as the fact that Phoebe took care of the babies all by herself.
 Phoebe, would you take a look at this mess!!!!
 Okay!  Listen, I'm gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
No, just the months you actually want to live here.
That's our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why don't I just-why don't I just cover you for a while?
So, we'll do the rest of the bills later then? Opening Credits ?
No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldn't take it.
I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, y'know? But I have to trick him into taking it so I won't hurt his pride.
Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?
Okay!  So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure we'd do nothing.
Oh, I wish I'd know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Yes it would. What do you say to $50?
Okay, let's play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently. 
Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
See? Now, that's why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? 
Okay, uh, how about, how about-y'know what? We could play a new game. A new game, it's fun.
I'll teach ya! Come on, come on, it's really easy and really, really fun.
Okay, here you go.  I have two queens, what do you have?
Oh yeah! Okay, let's play again.  What do you got?
It doesn't matter because nothing beats a three and a six. That my friend is D-Cup. Okay, now much have you won so far?
Well you see in Cups, once you get $700, you have to double it.
Hey, I didn't make up the rules. Now, after you receive the doubling bonus, you get uh, one card. Now that one card could be worth $100 bringing your total to 1,500.  Don't get to excited because that's not gonna happen unless you get-No way! 
All right, let's play one more hand! One more!
I can't take the big white dog! You love it!
No, but wait-what if I bought it from you, y'know? And your nice gesture would be giving it to me at a reasonable price, say  $1,500?
When did I try to give you money?
I'm just trying to help you out! Okay? I wanna make sure that you're okay.
I invented the game of Cups as a way to give Joey money.
It's not a real game! I made it up!
Okay! Now I assume the Saucer card came up when you played last.
 And I just realized I can sleep with my eyes open. 
I didn't nail the boxes to the floor.
Yes, and while I'm doing that, Ross has a great computer story for you. 
All right, think about it. Now remember when you were going out with that girl Donna and you guys broke up. Remember how horrible it was when you guys bumped into each other at the supermarket?
OK, I'm officially unpacked. Thanks for helping me man.  Joe?  Well, I guess Joey went home. Oh and look, there's still one box that I have to unpack. 
Yeah, not bad right? You know what, Monica's gonna be working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless. You know what else I'm gonna do, know what else I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go downstairs, I'm gonna get her some flowers. Now who wouldn't wanna live with me?
Yeah, now how's that going though? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
What does it look like I'm doing? I am cleaning!
Authorization? I don't need that. I'm gonna put everything back.
Yes I'm gonna put it back  exactly where I found it.
She's not gonna care if I put her stuff back in the same stupid place.
She is gonna recognize that I did a nice thing and-and, appreciate it.
I see, I see, y-y-you're trying to freak me out.
No, she's not okay? And I'll prove it to you. I'm gonna call her right now.  Phone's done ehh.
Oh come on, come on, it can't be that bad.
No! No-no-no-no-no-no. It sounds like they really need you down there.
It's, all good! Okay bye-bye Mon!  She's-she's gonna kill me.
We should start with the big stuff. Y'know? That'll be the easiest. Uh, let's start with the couch.  I got it. 
What are you talking about? The couch is perfectly in line with the carpet. And then I can just walk over here and casually just put my feet right up on the... OK, OK, here's what we do, we just uh, move the couch closer to the coffee table.
OK well here, we'll just move the coffee table closer to the couch.
Yes, but the coffee table doesn't match the...blahebdmsdlkhdyslkd;btyds...Rooosss!!!!
Oh no, yes we do my man. Remember when we were back in college and we went to that spring dance and you walked right up to that girl you liked and you could not stop talking about the Irish potato famine?
Yeah, Monica doesn't like that either, Maybe I should stop doing that.
And they don't like it when you explain why your jokes are funny.
Okay, is this lamp in the same place?
 No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no!!! You can't come in here! R-r-r-r-Ross is naked.
 I couldn't say that I was naked because she's allowed too see me naked.
Look, uh, just come later, we'll get everything squared away and you can come back later.
Look, we have no time okay? We must focus. We gotta get everything back into its original place.
No, I don't see anything different other than the fact that the room got so much brighter when you came into it. 
Okay look, don't...don't be mad okay? But after I unpacked the boxes I wanted to do something nice for you, so, I-I-I cleaned the apartment. So I moved everything around and then I forgot where it, where it went back and I'm sorry, I'm very sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Do you want me to be afraid of you?
Oh well you're the best. You come here to me.
Hi, my name's Chandler. I just moved in next door and I was wondering if you would be interested in battling me in a post-apoplectic world for control of the galaxies last remaining energy source?
Can I check out what she did to my room?
 Oh my God. What is th... it's like a guy never lived in here. Look, you've got to be careful. This girl thing is dangerous.  It's spreading already.
 Yeah, is this your pretty pink pillow on the couch?
 Is that your tiny little box, that's too small to put anything in?
No! Ok, this is not good. You are a guy. Ok? This is a guys place. If you let this go, you're going to be sitting around with your fingers soaking in stuff.
Be right there sweetums.  A totally different situation. ? Opening Credits ?
That's weird. I don't think my boss likes me either.
Yeah, what was wrong with your old...human teeth.
No, no no no. You'll be fine.  Hillary's bind, right?
I am proud of all my friends today.
Oh, I am no women, but that is one tasty dish. 
Yes, God forbid we throw out old underwear. You-you know what? I'm going to go over to Joey's.
Yes, but I feel like I've really gotten in touch with my feminine side enough today. You know. In fact I think we're two sachets away from becoming a lesbian couple.
Nah, Nah, it's okay. I feel like I need to be in guy place. You know, do kind of like a man thing.
You know when guys hang out they don't just drink some beer and hammer up drywall?
Hey Ross, I was wondering if... Oh my God!! Where are all the men???
Monica, could you excuse us for a second? I need to talk to the girl with the flowers.
You're arranging flowers!  You got dead flowers! You got a picture, a picture, of a baby dressed like flowers! This is not Joey!!
Now I've upset you? What did I say?
Oh! That?s great, they haven?t seen the place since I moved in! 
 Why can?t I tell them that we live together?
Why haven?t you told them?! Wouldn?t they be happy?!
Is this why they don?t like me or why you don?t like me?
Y?know, it?ll be okay. It?ll be okay. Because when they come over, I will be all charming, I will make them fall in love with me, and then we?ll tell ?em.
Hey, I can be pretty charming, babe, I won YOU over, didn?t I?
Hey!  Oh, good, Ross! You?re parents like me, right? 
Well Monica just told me that they don?t.
 Well if people don?t know they shouldn?t just guess! 
This is great, another Thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for.
Maybe I could give thanks by taking my Playstation over to my new apartment.
Mr. and Mrs. Geller, you look wonderful, it is great to have you hear, let us take off your coats! 
Yeah, Ross sure is a great guy, y?know I?ve always felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father. Mr.
 He?s the headliner of a gay burlesque show. 
Oh, yes. Well it?s very beautiful. It?s cream-colored and tight  I don?t mean tight, I mean it?s not too tight, not that I was looking at- Mr.
Your parents caught Ross smoking pot in college and he blamed it on me!
The reason we haven?t told them we?re together is because they hate me, okay? So will you fix this?
Yeah, I?m not gonna pay for those acting classes anymore. 
 Yeah, this is so good, that I?m gonna go enjoy it on the balcony so that I can enjoy the view whilst I enjoy my dessert.  Mrs.
 Yes, but if it?s any consolation, before the bird dropped it, he seemed to enjoy it. 
Let me ask you, why is everybody using these tiny lights nowadays? I remember when people used to use big lights.
I dunno what it is, it just doesn't quite feel like Christmas to me.
See now it feels like Christmas! Opening Credits ?
I can see why that's hard to resist.
You are aware that she's not a monkey, right?
Ah, you're still just a little fat girl inside aren't you? 
I can save you time ladies, I'm right here.
No not okay, you can't look for Monica's presents!
No, you don't have to, and you can't because I live here too.
No, I have a great idea for a present for her.
If I help, we can find 'em faster!
Y'know when you guys said you were gonna go across the hall and look, you don't, you don't do that every year do you?
You don't, like go into the back of my closet, and look under my gym bag or anything? Phoebe and
Because that's where Joey gave me some stuff to store that I've never seen before in my life! Okay, that did not just happen! 
I couldn't find anything at Joey--Hey-hey, oh hey!
Those are my gifts, I got them for you.
Those are book ends! That's a great gift!
Make sure you put all that stuff back in the closet, okay?
Yes, if the presents are hidden south for the winter.
Oh, the duck seems to think that Monica got me garbage! Hmm, I wonder what I could get Monica that's as good as garbage?
I don't wanna know what Monica got me. Y'know? I mean, look, I'm sure she worked really hard at getting you a present, and wanting to surprise me, and you guys are gonna ruin that, and I, look we have to put these back, this is not what Christmas is about.
Nobody is opening anything ok? Look, I don't know about you guys, but I wanna see the look on Monica's face when I give her my present, and I'm sure she wants to see the look on my face when I get mine. So please, please, can we just, can we put them back?
So you kissed her, so what happened after that?
So she's just waiting over there for ya?  Opening Credits ?
 Oh hey Rachel, sweetheart? You have got to tell the post office that you have moved. Okay? We are still getting all your bills and stuff. 
I'm not your garbage man. I'm your mailman.
You took off your pants and climbed under the sheets!
Ahh, just like the apothecary tables of yore...
...so then the farmer says, "That's not a cow and you're not milking it." 
Look at us, we're a couple of couples!
And here is the bottle of wine for you to bring over tonight.  You were also going to buy Monica flowers but you couldn't afford it, because you paid dinner last night.
That's funny, I saw no phlegm. Commercial Break ?
Then why-why is she going to a play?!
Well, why does she not want to hang out with us?!
So she was just pretending to have a good time last night? She was lying to our faces?!
And I am not blah, I am a hoot!
No, you sh-No you said you made that up!!
Eh, they're both good. I generally just go with, Monica's drunk again. 
And I'm blah? Listen, the only thing more boring than watching modern dance is having to listen to you talk about it,  "Oh Chandler, I just lost myself in the moment."
Yeah, I'm sorry man.  You wanna go watch?
Hey so, did uh, did she move out?
That is funny. It was also funny when I made it up.
Yes, I did. I told it to Dan at work, and he said it was the funniest joke he'd ever heard.
Monica, you remember me telling you that joke, right?
Dude, you have got to turn on Behind the Music. The band Heart is having a really tough time, and I think they may break up.
Nah, Monica's watching some cooking show. Come on, I don't want to miss when they were skinny.
What? No, I want to watch this. . Did your cable go out?
If you need money, will you please-please just let me loan you some money?
 All right, you want to see if the joke stealer will let us watch the show at his place?
So, you heard it, you repeated it, so that must mean you wrote it.
 You are not allowed to laugh at my joke.
So, you stole my joke, and you stole my money.
Well, she is going to know that you stole the joke.
You know who else picked Rachel? Ross, and you know what else Ross did? He stole my joke. You know what? I'm going to get a joke journal. Y'know? And document the date and time of every single one of my jokes.
Maybe it's the sound of Ross climbing into my brain and stealing my thoughts.
So is your apron. You're wearing it like a cape.
I think it's great that you work here. You're going to make a lot of money, and here's your first
Okay, okay. You have to help us decide whose joke this is.
Because you're the only one that can be fair.
 Don't try to sway her.   I'm your only chance to have a baby. Okay, let's go.
Okay, I thought of the joke two months ago at lunch with Steve.
So Steve said he had to go to the doctor. And Steve's doctor's name is Doctor Muppy. So I said, 'Doctor Monkey?' And that is how the whole Doctor Monkey thing came up. 
 Monica is a self-sufficient, together lady.  Being with her has been like being on a vacation. And what may be perceived as high maintenance is merely attention to detail and--generosity of spirit.
 I'm out of words. Should I just say the whole thing again?
I'm sorry. You're not easy-going, but you're passionate, and that's good. And when you get upset about the little things, I think that I'm pretty good about making you feel better about that. And that's good too. So, they can say that you're high maintenance, but it's okay, because I like ... maintaining you.
This coming from the man who couldn't split our 80 dollar phone bill in half. 
Hey, what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at work?
Boy did we make friends with the wrong sister! 
I know, let's rest and drink lots of fluids. 
That would be impossible to resist if you weren't all drippy here. 
Yeah, I don't you should say that even when you're healthy.
Don't take this personally okay? It's just that I just can't have sex with a sick person.
That's the thing, see I would like to stay in the pribe of mwha-ah-libe.
Oh what is it honey, you need some tea? Some soup?  Oh-ohhhh!
Oh Jeez honey, I thought, I thought you were asleep.
I was asleep.  Oh no! No-no honey! Y'know what's sexy? Layers. Layers are sexy. And blankets are sexy. And oh! Hot water bottles are sexy.
Really? Struck down in the pribe of libe!
No-no-no-no-no-no-no, you are not getting me this way.
So you're just, kinda rubbing it on yourself?
It's all very, very good.  So you wanna go uh, mix it up?
Well that was before all the vaporizing action.
 Well see now that I can see crying over, but Bambi is a cartoon!
Yes it was very sad when the guy stopped drawing the deer!
No, I guess I just never really cried. Y'know? I'm not a crying kind of guy.
I'd be sad sure, but I wouldn't cry.
Cry?! I just found a talking puppy, I'm rich!
Oh, that's Parent's Day, first grade. That's me with the janitor Martin.
No! Look, I don't cry! It's not a big deal! Okay?!
You didn't get more movies that are gonna have us reaching for the tissues all night did you? 
Hey, I had a terrible childhood and I don't do porn.
Yeah I know, but I figured a shot y'know? Maybe one of those stories would make me cry and then you wouldn't think I was y'know, all dead inside.
Oh that makes me feel so warm in my hollow tin chest.
No, I mean, come on, seriously think about it, we get married, we're up at the altar and I'm like this. 
Okay, well I won't uh, worry about this anymore then.
 I just don't see why those two can't work things out! Ending Credits ?
Maybe the problem was you were pronouncing it kara-tay.
What, you guys really think that I'm that shallow?
What if I had had the guts to quit my job? I'd probably be writing for the New Yorker, getting paid to be funny. But my job's fun too! I mean tomorrow, I-I don't have to wear a tie.
Oh I just got another rejection letter. They said my writing was funny, just not "Archie Comic funny." Monica's
Was his question what's more boring than him?
Hey, I may have no money, but I still have my pride.
I could use the money; it could give me time to write.
Well it's kinda hard to be friends with Drake because of his busy schedule and the fact that he's not real.
 Drop off my dry cleaning. Pick up my vitamins. Teach me how to spell vitamins. Wear in my new jeans.
I always thought having a heart attack was nature's way of telling you to die!  But you're not gonna die. I mean, you are going to die, but you're not gonna die today. I wish I was dead.
Oh just great. He beeps me now with codes. One is, "Bring me food." Two is, "I'm with a girl, bring us food." Three is, "I'm lost and I can't find food."
 Here you go Joe, here's the freshly squeezed orange juice you asked for. 
I'm sorry, I guess I just like the pulp.
Oh you wouldn't uh, care. It's just a stupid comic book story.
Well uh, Archie needs money to fix his jalopy , uh but he doesn't want Reggie to just give him the money. So Reggie hires him as his assist-as his butler. And then makes him do all these crazy things like bring him milkshakes that can't have lumps in them.
No, the doctors say it may kill her.
Listen Phoebe, he's right. People are not supposed to have heart attacks at 31.
Uh, what about y'know the massage thing? That never gave you a heart attack.
I'm sorry you're here with me instead of Roger.
Well, I could make it seem like he's here.  "Here's some little known facts about cous-cous. They didn't add the second cous until 1979." 
With Roger?  Not just with Roger?!  Oh my God!
Four different women! I've had sex way more times!
Well good, good for you. You really think that Roger is the perfect guy?
Hey that's what I tell girls about me.
No you are not! You are sweet and wonderful and this is gonna happen for you.
Yeah!  If-if-if we did do this there would be a lot of pressure on me, y'know? Because you've been waiting a very long time and I wouldn't want to disappoint you.
Well, if it helps there were only three. So it would just be for tonight, right?
Stop it! We're doing this! Let's do it!
Let me tell you about this chick I scored with last night! Oh no wait a minute that was you!
So you uh, want to do something tonight?
Oh. Oh right! Right! Because you're still seeing him and uh, he's a good guy. I mean, I remember a time when... 
Oh yeah! Yeah! Don't worry about me, I'll be fine! 
Because you shouldn't be with him.  You should be with me.
Yeah! When you were talking about Roger, that was killing me! Look, things like last night they don't just happen. Y'know? Or at least not to me. Or with the other two women, in the morning y'know I was just lying there and I couldn't wait to just go hang out with my friends, but with you I always y'know with a friend.
I know you probably don't want to go out with me, y'know because I make too many jokes and I've never been in a serious relationship and I guess I'm not technically a "doctor..." 
Twenty percent is a pretty generous tip Joe.
Okay, look I need your help, I don't know what to get her for Valentine's Day.
 She was working on Valentine's Day so we're celebrating it tonight.
Well appealing as that does sound to her boyfriend  and her brother,  I can't do that we promised we'd make each other gifts this year.
Yeah, I thought so to until I paper mached one of my eyes shut.
Well, have you guys made anything that maybe I can take credit for?
Hey! Honey, can I ask you a question about the Valentine's Day gifts?
Do we have to make the entire thing?
Of course, of course not. I just have to uh, go over to the place where I-I made it and pick-pick it up.
Okay, are you aware unagi  is an eel?
I can't figure out what to make Monica.
I'm going crazy! Okay? Do you have any thing around here that looks homemade?
Yeah, I guess I could use that. I could say that your love sends me to the moon.
Wait a minute, I can't give this to her.
Because it says "Captain Ross" on the side and "I hate Monica" on the bottom.
Okay. Okay.  Yes honey, I made it myself.  I can't do it. I can't do it.  Oh! Oh! A mixed tape! A mixed tape!!  
Hey! Hi! You uh, ready to exchange gifts?
Now, it's not wrapped because I just, just finished it.
But I made you a tape of what I think are all romantic songs.
I see. Y'know umm, Phoebe makes sock bunnies.
 Well, I did put a lot of thought in the tape.  Commercial Break ?
Wow!  You are way to young to have seen that!
No you don't-get it in black, not brown. 
Well, it's like that old saying, have some sex, eat some cake.  Joey's
Y'know sometimes the good ideas are just right in front of you, aren't they?
Look, you have done enough! Okay? You have to stop this now.
And I will cook anything you want in here , and do anything in there! 
Come on Monica, it's our Valentine's Day. Please? Please-please, please?
Ahh, Hotties of the Paleontology Department, there's a big selling calendar, eh?
A hot girl's at stake and all of the sudden he's Rain Man.
Oh yeah, Dana Keystone. She was in my Movement class.
Oh, I don't know man. I haven't talked to her in like ten years.
You do owe me so much. You owe me three thousand, four hundred...
What are you smiling about? What is so funny?
Have you figured out what started the fire Mr. Fireman? Fireman
God, it's great to catch up! I can't believe how long it's been!
Okay! So yeah, maybe we can get together umm...  Can you hold for one second please?  What?!
 Hi! I'm back.  Yeah, that sounds great.  Okay. Well, we'll do it then.  Okay, bye-bye. 
 We didn't get to the audition. I'm gonna take her to coffee and then we'll do it then.
Honey, it is not a date! I haven't talked to her in ten years! You can't just call up somebody you haven't talked to in ten years and ask them for a favor. There are rules, y'know? You gotta, you got to put in some time.
 Oh that's great, my friend Joey's in the movie business.
Hey, relax I just need more time. We're going to dinner tonight.
Great story again! The yarns that you weave! Woo-hoo-hoo!
Oh no-no-no! Stay! Stay! Because you-you should you-you-you should stay!
 Well, it just hurts so bad. I uh...
Well maybe there is one thing you can do.
Well, I umm, I mean this is just off the top of my head now, umm but I have this friend. This actor friend and he would kill me if he thought I was doing this umm, but umm would it be possible for him to get an audition for your movie say on Thursday?
Well, the heart wants what it wants. I'll see you later. 
Okay. Okay.  What are you gonna do to me if you get the part?
Well, of course I do! My good friend Joey over here. 
So he has to be a male who has at least $50.
So, why is she leaving? Is it a school night and she has a lot of homework to do?
Oh that's so funny because we found someone too.
No, our guy is just a floating head.
Our new fridge? I don't live here anymore.
Just tell her the truth! Tell her you're not ready.
Then you distract her with a Barbie doll.
Wait a minute, is she going for spring vacation or is she going for spring break? 
I can see it now, "Look dad, it's the Sphinx!" 
Are you sure?! Because our guy smells incredible!
 Turns out he is kinda funny. Commercial Break ?
Yeah, but Sebastian? What is that? A cat's name?
Okay now it doesn't matter which one you choose, y'know? It's completely up to you. Our guy is perfect, or you can go out with the guy Phoebe deemed not good enough to go out with herself.
 Well, there you are! So what did Elizabeth say?
Tomorrow night is good. Tomorrow night is good, but uh, y'know what? Why put off something till tomorrow that you can do right now?  Eldad come here! 
Eldad, sit down.  Move over! Move over now!
Hi.  Okay, you're too late okay? Because she's already with our guy.
 Eldad is much more cooperative! And he can dance!  You dance for Rachel! 
 So uh, what's this thing you're auditioning for?
Oh no, it's terrific, it's- it's- y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into show business.
 Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy! 
Oh come on guys, it's not like I moved to Europe! I just moved across the hall! And we would have you over all the time if it weren't for  Monica's allergies.  You're right, I could never lie to you. She hates you.  Should I get that?  Hello?  Uh no, Joey's not here right now. Can I take a message?  Yeah, okay so the audition has been moved from
Yeah okay, I was just talking to the guys. Just look at them I mean, is it okay if they come visit?
Oh right, your allergies.  All her, she hates you. 
You mean you didn't get it from this?
Well, maybe we can fix it y'know? Maybe we can send him some-some big-big flowers and scare him!
I messed up. Okay? I'm sorry, I really messed up.
Which I bought for ya. Taught ya how to use it. You thought it was a copier. Look, if there was anything I could do, I would do it. Okay? But everybody's allowed one mistake, right? 
? You know he coulda gotten me a VCR, he coulda gotten me a set of golf clubs, but no, he has to get me the woman repeller!? The eyesore from the Liberace house of crap!
? Oh, yeah, easy for you to say, you don't have to walk around sporting some reject from the Mr. T collection. 
? I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . .  Hi! 
? Yeah, I mean when you were late last night, Kathy and I got to talking, and one thing to another and...
? No! No! No! I just kissed her.
? You're right, I have no excuses! I was totally over the line.
Look, I'm not saying that you should magically forgive me! But you're not perfect! You've made some errors in judgment too!
? What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Ok, now, remember, no trading. You get the pretty one, I get the mess.
Oh come on!? He said he was going to do my inseam, and he ran his hand up my leg, and then, there was definite...
I can't believe I did this! What an idiot!
You didn't see how mad he was, y'know?
Joey? Got you a Joey Special, two pizzas! Joe?   Hello?  Damnit!  Hello?  No, Joey's not here right now, but I can take a message I think.  He's still got a chance for the part?! Oh, that's great news!  Well no obviously not for the actor who was mauled by his dog.  Oh well, that's great. I will give Joey the message. Thank you!  Yes!  Okay, Mac audition at
The actor playing Mac couldn't do it, they needed to see you at 2 o'clock.
Du-du-I wrote it, I wrote it on the board! I wrote it on the board, then I went all over New York City looking for ya! I went to Ross's! I went to the coffeehouse! I went to any place that they made sandwiches!
 Is that supposed to be funny! I was really worried over here!
Y'know, sometimes that fake out thing is just mean!
Well that's good. Because you didn't! And I'm incredibly happy for ya!!
You are gonna be a huge star! I'm gonna hug ya!
Oh that's right. It's your first day! So are you psyched to fight fake crime with your robot sidekick?
Are you judging them by their covers? Because you're really not supposed to do that.
Wait a minute, hold the phone! You're not Elizabeth's dad?!
But uh Ross, Ross is a great guy! I was roommates with him in college. Uh, funny story...  You're roommate in college died didn't he?
Hey honey, you got the kind with the little girl, you said we were gonna to get the kind with the baby.
Damn those robots, they're supposed to be our faithful servants!
So do you think uh, Joey's more charming than me?
The only way that I said six would be if the seven's, let meet at seven, not at six.
Thank you for writing your book. Its-its uh, great book and you are the queen of everything.
 I told you I should not wear this color. 
So you knew we were gonna miss the movie!
Oh I'm so sorry man! Is there anything I can do?
 You've reached Monica and Chandler's, if you're listening to this message, we're probably screening.  Yeah we are. The Museum
 This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing!  Yes, the groom-No! Not the groom!! Commercial Break ?
 Well next time ask! Or at least wait for me to ask!   The Museum
 This is Chandler Bing! This is Chandler Bing! 
I'm not freaking out. Why would I be freaking out? A woman named Heldi called and said we were getting married, but that happens everyday. 
Phoebe and Rachel! So the people that knew about our wedding before me were you, Phoebe and Rachel, Heldi, and apparently some band called Starlight Magic 7 who are available by the way!
Yes, if it really doesn't mean anything, because you know that I'm just not ready...
Pheebs, can you help me pick out an engagement ring for Monica? I can't figure this out! It's so hard! Should I get her a  Tiffany cut or a Princess cut or a-ah-ah! Paper cut!
No, I don't want to tell anybody else because I don't want Monica to find out.
Well, it's because I trust you, you're one of my best friends, and you walked in on me when I was looking at ring brochures.
Oh well, we don't because we got...the...other pl-place. 
Nothin! This is the nine millionth ring store we've been too and I can't find the perfect ring!  Ugly ring! Ugly ring! Ugly ring!  It's a beautiful selection. 
Y'know, I'm so glad I picked you to help me with this.
Yeah, I'm gonna stick with the ring.  Oh, this one's nice!  I like this one! Sir? Uh, kind sir? Can I see this one?
Uh-uh, yes. I would like to see that ring please.
Sir, can I ask you to umm, could you...hold out that ring and ask me to marry you? Male
 Oh my God that's it, that's the ring! How much is it?
Yes! Yes, but I can only pay $8,000. Male
Uh, credit card.  Oh no! No-no, but I left my credit card with Joey.  Okay, I'll go get it. You guard the ring.
Well, you can see my dad in Vegas kissing other dads.
Okay, a quick one. Come on hug it out.  Oh hey! There you go.  Okay. 
Oh, that's uh, that's pretty nice but I'm gonna go with the one I picked first.
Phoebe, I asked you to guard the ring!
Yeah but when he proposed to me with the ring I got goose bumps.
I can't believe I let you talk me into buying this stupid gumball machine looking ring!
No, it's not! When I looked at the other ring I could see Monica's face when I gave it to her, y'know? And I could see her saying yes. When I look at this ring, all I see is a ring! Unless I look at it really closely and then I can see my own eye.  Look, this is the most important thing I'm gonna do in my life. I wanna make sure it's perfect.
Okay and he hasn't proposed yet because she has no ring on her finger.
 Hi! Hi. Okay, there was a slight mix-up at the jewelry store, the ring you're about to propose with was supposed to be held for me. So, I'm gonna need to have that back.  But, in exchange I'm willing to trade you this beautiful, more expensive ring.  Ew.
No-no! This is my fiancee  and her heart was set on that ring. You don't want to break her heart now do you?
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you!  And you are about to marry a wonderful man!  Hey! I'm marrying a dead woman!
Guys?  I've got something important to tell ya.  Guys?  Guys?!  I'm gonna ask Monica to marry me.
Okay!  I was gonna wait 'til uh, it was official y'know? But I got so excited I just had to tell you guys because you're my best friends.
It is going to be perfect. I am taking her to her favorite restaurant. I'm going to get her a bottle of the champagne that she really loves; therefore knows how expensive it is. Then when the glasses are full, instead of proposing a toast I'm just gonna propose.
 Well, Monica and Chandler can't go. We're going to dinner remember?!
I just get mad when Rachel doesn't remember where we're going.
Well, you could also give back the money you owe me.
Oh, so you're already doing your part for the kids.
Wait a minute, all jokes aside? I didn't agree to that!
Will you marry me? Will you marry me?  Hey, you marry me!  What's going on little elves?
Okay, now will you guys get out of here? I want this is to be a surprise and she's gonna know.
 One nation, under God. Indivisible with liberty and justice for all.  I remembered it.  The champagne is here. 
Yes! Yes! I'm good! Are you good? Are you good? Is everything-are you-are you perrr-perfect?!
Oh, yeah.  Uh, no you can't have my jacket! Because then I would be cold! If you thought that you were going to be cold, you should've brought your own jacket. But uh, other than that, are you okay? Are you okay?
Yes! I'm fine. In fact I've been fine for a long time now and I think, the reason is you.
Okay umm, before I meant you I had really little life and I couldn't imagine growing old with... 
 I know, but just let me say it.
Hey-hey, hey!  I don't know why I did that!
 And uh, you don't have a mustache which is good.  I'm Chandler; I make jokes when I'm uncomfortable. Richard's
Richard! No one supposed to know about us!  See I, did it again.
I got a good one, I got a good one! I once walked in on both my parents making love to the same guy. 
 Before you say anything, have we got a story for you! Guess who we bumped into at dinner!
Hey, you have to forget about Elizabeth. I mean if you're not careful you may not get married at all this year!
Richard was there so I couldn't do it!
I'm gonna do it tomorrow y'know, and-and surprise her, but now you've ruined it!
Who walks into a room and asks to see a person's hands?!
This is terrible. What am I going to do?
That's right, I can throw her off. I can make her think marriage is the last thing on my mind.
I can do that, I've had 30 years of practice.
Okay, okay, here she comes!  How do I look? Do I look like a guy who doesn't want to get married?
Oh, just hanging out, talkin' about uh, websites.  Yeah, we saw this really interesting website about marriage and how totally unnecessary it is and how its just a way for the government to keep tabs on you.
Yeah, well... Y'know, it just got me thinking though, why would anybody ever want to get married huh?
Sure I do. In fact, I think the whole concept of marriage is unnatural. I mean look at pigs. Let's take a second here and look at pigs. Okay pigs don't mate for life. I mean a pig can have like a hundred sexual partners in a lifetime, and that's just an ordinary pig not even a pig that's good at sports!
If marriage worked, I'd be all for it. But do you know what the divorce rate in this country is? 97%.
Well, never say never but y'know probably uh yeah, never.
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What is all this pressure?! Is this some new kind of strategy? Why don't you put down your copy of 'The Rules' huh mantrap?!
I was making a coconut phone with the professor.
He's not supposed to ask my girlfriend to marry him! I'm supposed to do that!
Well what... Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna go over there; I'm gonna kick his ass!  Will you help me?!
Okay.  I'm gonna get the ring! I'm gonna get the ring!  I'm gonna go find her and  I'm just going to propose!
Where is she? I'm not scared of you! 
 Scotch on the rocks, with a twist, on a coaster? Ha-ha, Monica! Monica!
Oh my God, I can't believe this! Y'know, I thought...I thought you were a good guy.
Nothing happened? Nothing? So you didn't tell my girlfriend that you love her?
Y'know what? I can't believe this! Do you know what you did? My girlfriend is out there thinking things over! You made my girlfriend think!!
And what does she have to think about? I love her!
But I am willing to offer her all those things. This was just a plan, y'know? A way to throw her off course so that when I offered her all these things, she'd be surprised!
It was working until you showed up, you big tree! I mean, this isn't fair. You had your chance with her! You had your chance and you blew it! And this is my chance and I am not going to blow it because we are meant for each other! And this is all just been one stupid mistake!  I was gonna propose tonight.
Yeah I even  got a ring.  Did you get a ring?
I can't talk to you now, I gotta find Monica!
Well why didn't you stop her?! Why didn't you just tell her it was a plan?!
Okay!  Okay! Okay! Oh God, I thought...  Wait a minute, I-I can do this.  I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you,  you make me happier than I ever thought I could be.  And if you'll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way.  Monica, will you marry me?
 Okay, you get her in here.  You bolt the door. I?ll be in the closet. Opening Credits
It?s okay, I want this to be your night too.  To Monica.
So when you said, "Get up early," did you mean 1986?
There?s gonna be a wedding. You?re gonna be the bride. Two hundred people are going to be looking at you in a clean white dress.
 I?m not worried, I?m uh, I?m fascinated. Y?know it?s like uh, Biology! Which is funny because in high school I uh, I-I failed Biology and tonight Biology failed me. 
Sure, you guys don?t have this problem, you?re made of wood.  Hey!
Oh, don?t worry about it I mean you probably were tired, you had a lot of champagne, it happens to everybody. 
 Take whatever you want, just please don?t hurt me.
Yes, on a scale from 1 to 10, 10 being the dumbest a person can look, you are definitely 19.
Young! You?re a man-child okay?! Now go get changed because everybody?s ready and please, oh please, keep my underwear!
Uhh, you?ve had a lot of sex right?
Well, it?s just the reason that I?m asking is because I kind of eh, uh, I was unable to?I mean I really wanted too, but I couldn?t?. There huh?hmm, there-there was an incident.
 I don?t think that?s what they were talking about Joe!!
Seriously? Seriously, no! You can play your own age which is 31!
Now Monica, I know you?re upset, but don?t forget. There is going to be a wedding, you are going to throw the bouquet, and then there?s going to be a honeymoon, maybe in Paris.
We will take a moonlit walk on the Rue de la .
Then we will sprinkle rose pedals on the bed and make love. Not just because it?s romantic, but because I can!
Okay, don?t say anything, you might scare it away. 
Pheebs, we?re not giving you a deposit for our wedding!
Oh, give her the deposit! Give her the ring! I don?t care! 
What a great apology!  And you accept! Okay, bye-bye!
 Hey! Here?s a dollar, consider it a deposit. Please sing at our wedding.
Well, you couldn't get them anyway. Ian doesn't plan anymore and Derrick...  And Derrick is a name I shouldn't know.
Why are you napping over here instead of over at your place?
Now, do I get to look at this book or is it just for people who are actually involved in the wedding?
Definitely roses.  Well, I just think they're a little more weddingy.  But Lilies are the clear choice.
Oh yeah, I should probably call them. Mr.
Oh, I don't think I ever heard that story.
Clearly I did not start drinking enough at the start of the meal. 
I don't know, my mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding. She's saving the rest for her divorce. And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to  Dollywood.
Look, it really is gonna be okay. The important thing is that we love each other and that we're gonna get married.
Well, you're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding? Rachel and
Well, come on, I've been saving this money for six years and I kinda had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
No, I realize that honey, but I'm not gonna spend all of the money on one party.
Look, I understand, but I have to put my foot down. Okay? The answer is no.
Look, I thought about it too, and I'm sorry. I think we should spend all of the money on the wedding.
Yeah, I'm putting my foot down. Yeah look, when I proposed I told you that I would do anything to make you happy, and if having the perfect wedding makes you happy then, then that's what we're gonna do.
Eh, forget about the future and stuff! So we only have two kids, y'know? We'll pick our favorite and that one will get to go to college.
Uh, four, a boy, twin girls and another boy.
Well, stuff like where'd we live, y'know? Like a small place outside the city, where our kids could learn to ride their bikes and stuff. Y'know, we could have a cat that had a bell on it's collar and we could hear it every time it ran through the little kitty door. Of course, we'd have an apartment over the garage where Joey could grow old.
Are you kidding? Okay, I?ll give you a hint; I?ll give you a hint. 
 You didn?t think I used to wear glasses, right?
That?s okay Pheebs, we?re not having a party or anything, so you don?t have to get us?
Our kids are gonna be fat aren?t they.
Well, it?s good that you finally have a place to do that.
Nothing, I just like to go like this. 
Oh no problem, maybe I?ll play with my left hand.
I will tell the story! It was going great. I let him win. We were bonding. He even said I could call him dad.
Daddy. All right look, here?s the story.  Well, we had just finished playing racquetball and we were gonna take a steam. I walk into the steam room and it was really steamy.  So I take off my glasses and that?s when in happened. 
Why do they put so much steam in there?!
Why? Okay? Why? Wh-wh-why did that have to happen?
Not that big a deal? There?there was touching of things.
I don?t want him to tell this story for years.
If that is your father calling to tell this story then the marriage is off!
 All right, I?m off to see your dad.
Look, I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore, and I figure the best way to do that is face to face?And by face I don?t mean his lap. And by face, I don?t mean my ass. 
So you understand, I?d feel a lot more comfortable if you didn?t tell people what happened. Y?know, I?m a little?I?m a little embarrassed about it. Mr.
What did you do when they found out? Mr.
So I guess we wear swimsuits in here! Ending Credits
That was one of the worse things ever. And not just on TV.
Hi sweetie. So, what was with all the whispering?
Secret? Married people aren?t supposed to have secrets between one another. We have too much love and respect for one another.
No I?m serious, we should tell each other everything. I do not have any secrets from you.
So, Ross and I are going to Disneyland and we stop at this restaurant for tacos. And when I say restaurant, I mean a guy, a hibachi, and the trunk of his car. So Ross has about 10 tacos. And anyway, we?re on Space Mountain and Ross starts to feel a little iffy.
No, he visited a little town south of throw up.  So what was Phoebe?s secret?
That?s it?! I gave up my Disneyland story for that?
 Did she call? You-you told her I was sick right? Always tell her I am sick!
Let me see this guy.  W-H-Wow! Don?t show this to Monica! And don?t tell her about the W-H-Wow!
Oh it?s always nicer to here than, "Aw crap! You again!"
I had too okay?! We?re getting married! Married couples can?t keep secrets from one another!
In my defense, it was dark and he was a very pretty guy.
Ho-ho, so hard we had to throw out your underwear again?
You wanna tell secrets?! Okay! Okay! In college, Ross used to wear leg warmers!
 You have no trouble telling time now right?
Y?know when I said that because we?re getting married that we should share everything and not have any secrets?
Yeah that was stupid. Let?s not do that.
Yeah, and not that you would, but I wouldn?t hang out with?all the guys in my office.  Ending Credits
Someone on the subway licked my neck! Licked my neck!!
No, there are great pictures of you standing next to a guy who?s going like this? 
I don?t know what it is, I just can?t take a good picture.
All right, but I should warn you, I?m not going. I?m going.  Opening Credits
And those guys were this  close to lettin? us play this time too. 
Yes, and we call Ross Lingers In The Bathroom.
They have that on the napkins at the club.
Rach, if you have a crush on this guy, why would you hire him? I mean y?know you can?t date him right?
Oh my God! Those are my bedroom eyes?! Why did you ever sleep with me?
Did you have a crush on me, when you first met me?
Yeah, Joey said I uh, I needed to relax so he gave me an antihistamine.
Yeah, and then I fell asleep on the subway and went all the way to Brooklyn. Brooklyn is f-far!!
I don?t know, but don?t worry, don?t worry, because I know how to take a picture now.  Okay, see? Look down , look down, look down? 
No, see the thing is I want to get out of here before Joey gets all worked up and starts calling everybody bitch.
So uh, what did this woman look like?
Well, is there any chance you were looking into a bright, shiny thing called a mirror?
No, no I only dated two girls in college, both blonde, both not attractive?  Hold on one second; let me check this out. 
Well, let?s see?  Okay uh, is that her? 
 No, we?re still together. Yeah we went out for two summers, and then I broke up with her.
Well, ?cause she came back the third summer and she?d gotten really fa-aa-aw-ow?
I did not say fat! I said, "Fa-aa-aw-ow?"
Yeah. Yeah, but it was a really, really long time ago! Does she still feel bad?
Well, you know what they say, elephants never forget.  Seriously, good luck marrying me.
Because you kept talking to him while he was trying to go to the bathroom?!
What? Are you kidding? That was like 16 years ago.
Okay, I will do it. But I have to warn you; this may make me a better person and that is not the man you feel in love with!
 Julie hi! Chandler Bing, I, I guess you remember me.
Ah, uh, I owe you a long overdue apology. I never should have broken up with you because you were overweight.
You-you-you didn?t know that.  Well, I guess my work here is done!
As bad as that went I actually enjoyed myself. I think that I?m going to apologize for all of the stupid things I do.
I would really love it if could do both.
Look I know it was a stupid reason to break up with somebody, but I was 15!
Okay. Okay, now wait a minute that was totally different.
You were not supposed to hear that! I said that behind you back!
Look you have to realize I don?t think of you as a thin, beautiful woman.  See this is one of things that I can apologize for later! Look, what I mean is you?re Monica! Okay? And I am in love with Monica.
So you can balloon up or you can shrink down and I will still love you.
Skidmark?s still got a way with the ladies.
Sounds like two people are really enjoying the Dewey decimal system.  Female
You didn?t bring me here to do that, did you?
OH?MY?GAWD! I am so sorry sweetie, are you okay? You didn?t tell her we were getting married, did you?
Lie!!! How hard is that?! The check?s in the mail! Oh your baby is so cute! I can?t wait to read your book Ross!!
What do you think she?s just gonna sit there quietly? You don?t think she?s gonna want to make a toast? You don?t think she?s gonna want to grab the microphone and sing Part-time Lover?!
Y?know what? It?s gonna be okay. Y?know what? She?s probably not gonna even want to come.
No! That was a lie! See how easy that was?
Well actually uh, there was something we wanted to tell you about the wedding. Um, it?s going to be a small ceremony. Uh, tiny! We?re not even sure why we?re having it.
 Did she see us yet? Did she see us?
No-no-no-no, if we let her stay, she will stay forever!
Is that what you?re thinking about right now?
Janice, I?m sorry but umm, you can?t stay here tonight.
Honestly? Our apartment is a hotbed for electromagnetic activity. Now Monica and I have been immunized, but sadly you have not. 
No, we're playing this game I learned at work. You have to name all the states in six minutes.
Now, that's a lot harder than it sounds. You always forget at least one, or in some cases... fourteen .
Okay, so Rachel's got 48 and Phoebe has the lead in?vegetables, Joey?
Does South Oregon have a sports-team?  There you go. 
Oooh that may be a New World's record 
I am only one man!  Okay Ross, time is up!
Look Ross, if you don't know them by now, you will never know them, okay? That is the beauty of this game. It makes you want to kill yourself.
Sure, and Joey; do not let Ross look at any of the maps or the globe in your apartment.
I don't know. Maybe it's because it smells a little weird. It's like old pumpkins or something.
Tell her, I'm allergic, and I will sue!
Extremely allergic, okay? If I'm anywhere near a dog for more than 5 minutes, my throat will just close up!
Well, it still has to go, right? Monica and
 I have to! Okay? It's time!  Okay, I hate dogs.
They are needy, they are jumpy, and you can't tell what they are thinking, and that scares me a little bit.
Okay, it's just that dogs make me a little uncomfortable.
And I don't wanna say this, I don't you guys to hate me, but uh, I don't think, I can be around that dog anymore. Okay, so either the dog goes, or I go.  Oh my god!! 
Monica's all upset, because I sent Clunkers away.
Yeah, I can be a hero, I could do that. I could, I could do... I, w-w-what if, what if it attacks me?
Please, please, please, don't be mad at me.
Okay, I went over to Ross' apartment to bring back Clunkers. Y?know, for you, and? I left the door open and she must have gotten out and I looked everywhere, all over the apartment, including the roof, which FYI Ross, one of your neighbors, growing weed. I couldn't find him, and I am so, so, so, sorry. But I do know where we could all go ease the pain. 
Okay, let me just straighten out your helmet there. 
That sounds like my first bike.  My dad gave me his old one.
Wouldn?t it be easier if we just moved?
Don?t worry, I?m brave! I am brave! I?I am brave!  No-no-no-no!!   Can you tell me who is there please? The
I am sorry, but some of us have to get up early and go to work!   He does not know that I am not some of us.
Hey, you cry every time somebody talks about Titanic!
Absolutely! Y?know, because touchie can mean both ass and good worker.
Maybe, isn?t she the woman who lives below you and has sex really loud?
Is that why you became a chef? So that people would like you?
Get in here!  Hey, and you can not smoke in here!   Merry Christmas.
All right everybody! Just be quiet! Be quiet! Be quiet!! Pipe-pipe-pipe down!  What is the matter with you people?! This woman was trying to do a nice thing for you. She was making candy so she could try to get to know all of you, and I?ll bet that not one of you can tell me her name! Am I right? The
All right, y?know what? Forget it, all of you forget it! You?ve ruined it! Go home! You?ve ruined it! You?ve ruined it!
No! Smokes-A-Lot Lady blew smoke directly into my mouth. Eh-uh?are you okay?
Buh-bye.  I just got us reservations at Michelle?s and tickets to the Musicman to celebrate our first holiday season as a betroughed couple.
Hey, you know what I was thinking? When we get married, are you gonna change your last name to Bing?
Ohh! You guys gonna be living together again?
Well, she's just so much fun with Joey, I just assumed, she'd still be living with him.
No! No, she didn't say that. I-I-I think you should talk to Monica now.
Bing doesn't seem so weird now, does it?
 Hi, could we get two burritos to go, please? 
Forty-five minutes? We have tickets to the Musicman at
Right, calm down, O'Mally. I'll slip him some money.
Hey, I can be smooth.  Listen, we're a little bit in a hurry, so, if you can get us a table a little quicker, I'd appreciate it.  Maitre
How do you know so much about this?
Thank you Gunther, put it there.  Definitely not easier with coins.  Thank you.
If you wanna give Joey a Christmas present that disrupts the entire building, why not get him something a little bit more subtle, like a wrecking ball, or a vile of small pox to release in the hallway?
Well, I'm here to see my old buddy Ben. What are you doing here, weird?turtle-man?
You bet I did, Ben, put it there!   Well, it would have worked this time, if his hands weren't so damn small!  Ho, ho, ho!
You called everyone and said you were having trouble finding a Santa costume, so I borrowed one from a guy at work!
But I didn't get to shape my belly like a bowl full of jelly.
Did your Dad ever dress up like Santa?
Because, if Santa and the Holiday?Armadillo?  ...are ever in the same room for too long the universe will implode. Merry Christmas!
Well, I'll stay, but only because I wanna hear about Hanukkah. Ben, will you sit here with Santa and learn about Hanukkah?
My favorite part was when Superman flew all the Jews out of Egypt. 
Hey, you have got to try this cheesecake.
 It was at the front door. When I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
I?no! I didn't read the box before I opened it. And you can't return a box after you've opened the box.
No-no-no! It is going to be okay, because Mrs. Braverman is gonna send away for a free one and that way we all win! The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate,  Momma?s Little Bakery.  I feel terrible, I?m a horrible, horrible, horrible person.
Well, maybe since the age of 9, Frannie?s made some new friends.
Another cheesecake came! They delivered it to the wrong address again!
Well I?ve forgotten what it tastes like okay?!
 Y?know what? Forget it! We are just hungry! We have not had lunch! We are just light-headed! So let us go out and have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
Good idea. Where do you want to go to lunch?
So apparently we just don?t pay for food anymore.  Do you see what I see?
By then, the cheesecake may have gone bad. We don?t want her to come back to bad cheesecake.
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! Go! 
I?m full, and yet I know if I stop eating this, I?ll regret it.
Oh really? Uh, Monica said she had a date at
I will give you a hundred dollars to whistle right now.  How can you eat the cheesecake without me?!
Y?know what? I don?t trust you with this cake anymore! And I got it first, and I?m takin? it back! 
Well that?s not fair, you?ve already had some!
 Okay well, this side looks bigger. Uh? There?s more crust on this side. Y?know? So, maybe if I measured?
Oh-ho-ho-ho-no! No! No switching! No sharing, and don?t come crying to me! Ha-ha-ha! I may just sit here and have my cake all day! Just sit here in the hallway and eat my? 
Because it?s flattering!  Come on Monica! Come on Monica! 
I know, just quick-quick question, quick question. Which one was Deep Impact and which one was Armageddon?
Sorry, I just?can?t sleep. Ooh!  Where is that book that you are reading with the two women who were ice-skating and wearing, wearing those hats with the flowers on it? Because every time I look at that cover I?m like?
Shhhhhhhhh!!!  I?m sorry, I thought maybe I?d make some warm milk and it would help me sleep.
Hey, y?know what we can do? Y?know, now that we are up? We can just like talk to each other all night long, y?know like we did when we were first going out. It?d be fun!
Okay, so how bummed were you when the second sister died huh?
 No. No, I-I was, I was talking about the book I was reading.
 Yeah?  I hope you?re not thinking about cleaning the living room.
No. We were in the middle of sex?and you fell asleep.
I was giving you some of my best moves, and you missed it. So please wake up so we can do it right!
Yeah!  No! No! No! Don?t fall asleep! Okay, I am going to make you some coffee.  And I probably won?t spill coffee grounds all over the kitchen floor.
Hm-hmm, I told you!  I can?t believe that I?ve only got two hours before I call in sick for work.
Well, you?re not gonna believe this, but if you have seven minutes?
Joey! Joe!  Full bag.  Beer?s still cold. Something terrible must?ve happened here!  Oh no-no-no-no-no-no!  Stevie, I was never here! 
My chair. Now, if anybody asks, your name is Rosita! 
Yeah, I?d love to but I?ve tried that so many times they won?t even let me in the store anymore.
 Are you telling me that you bought the chair that is making all other lounge systems obsolete? The chair that Sit magazine called the Chair of the Year?
That?s awesome! That?s great! What made you do it?!
I thought I broke Joey?s chair! That?s why I replaced it with mine!
Well, what did you think, that-that elves came in and fixed it?
Because you  broke a chair and you  broke a chair! The only one around here that hasn?t broke a chair, is me!
So Joey breaks my chair and I get nothing! 
What are you guys? Like a gang or something?! 
 She?s not as pretty as she was when she was 29.
No Rach, it?s not just you. My thirtieth birthday certainly wasn?t that much fun. 
Ross, a sports car? Wouldn?t it have been cheaper to just stuff a sock down there?
 Would you put that back on?! Monica?s gonna be here any minute!
 Okay, for the last time. It?s not named for each individual man.  Mrs.
Oh well, not as lovely as you. I mean, I can?t believe that you would have a thirty-year-old daughter!  And you! I can?t believe that you would have a tux that?s thirty years old!  Mr.
 Okay, everybody stay here. I will find out what?s going on. 
Okay, here is the thing. We have thrown a very formal surprise party for you in there! All of your friends are in there and your parents!
Okay, here?s the thing. We?re gonna get you some coffee and they will never know that you?re drunk.
 Okay we have to do something about your breath.
That?s still yours. Okay, now remember it?s a surprise party. So, when you go in, act surprised.
Okay before we start the celebration, Monica has to go put on her party dress.
Now, there is a dress laid out on your bed.  Okay,  you?re doing great. You?re doing great. You?re doing fine. 
 Go change!  She doesn?t want her parents to know she?s drunk.
 Okay, will you just go help her change please!
For my last birthday you gave me a hug!  Okay, read the card! Read the card!
 Oh that?s great! Right there! Can we get some of that over here please?  There we go.
 Now all you have to do is just get through a little bit more, okay? Then we can put you in bed, okay? Just smile and don?t talk to anyone.
Well, here we are, just a bunch of thirty year olds.
Do you think you could get through a poem?
Well, whatever it is, I hope it involves winking. 
So great things are happening at work and in your personal life!
Y?know that thing that Ross was gonna do at our wedding?! He was hanging out with me yesterday and he turned to me and said, "You?re half Scottish right?"
If you listen very carefully, I think its Celebration by Cool and the Gang.
Oh no thanks. I don?t like any thing from my Scottish heritage.
Well it?s just my entire family was run out of Scotland by?Vikings. Anyway, lots of bad memories. 
We heard you play all the way from your apartment!
That?s not really important right now. What is important is; while we appreciate the gesture, we just don?t feel bagpipes are appropriate for our wedding.
Easy for you to say; you?ll be wearing a veil.
You mean the guy who kept staring at your chest?
Sorry, I just don?t like the idea of when I say, "I do," he?s thinking, "Yeah, I?d do her too!"
Guys thank you very much but neither of you is marrying us.
We are going to have a legitimate member of the clergy! And when I say legitimate I mean, gay and in control of his saliva!
No, but Horny for Monica Minister called, wanting to know if we were still together.
See Joe, not that that?s not grrreat! But, one of the cool things about having somebody we know perform the ceremony is that it can be about us! Y?know, it can be more personal. You can tell stories about us!
See Joe, we want you to tell stories but y?know, romantic stories. Nice stories.
Isn?t that what happened with you and the bride?s maid?
And I was a perfect gentleman and I walked her to her hotel room and said goodnight.
Well I was? I was exactly expecting company after?
Well, last time I saw him he was heading out the door with the bride?s maid and a bucket of strawberries. So uh, you?re not still upset about what that guy told ya are ya?
Well, look it?s been a really emotional time y?know, and you?ve had a lot to drink. And you?ve just got to let that go okay? I mean you were the most beautiful in the room tonight!
You kidding? You?re the most beautiful woman in most rooms?   Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What?s going on? You and I just made out! You and I are making out?
Well, I have kissed over four women.  Do you wanna get under the covers?
It bodes well for me that speed impresses you.
Well I think it?s safe to say that our friendship is effectively ruined.
Hey Joe! I was just watching a movie-e-e? 
Who did you originally want to hook up with?
 So you came to the room looking for Joey? Did you ever in-intend on telling me about this?
Oh, it?s not important? It?s not important?! If it wasn?t for a bride?s maid you?d be marrying him  not me!
I don?t believe it. The most romantic night of my life and I?m runner up.
 Look there is no way you?re doing this wedding now. Okay?
Okay, it?s just weird! Okay? I don?t want to be standing their saying my vows and then having the mental image of you and Monica! I-I-I need?I don?t know what I need. I need a walk.
It is to me. You wanted to sleep with Batman, and instead you had to settle for Robin. 
Hey. Do you want this scone?  It came for me but it would probably rather sleep with you!
Look Joe, I know you wanted to do the wedding?
How can I not be upset? Okay? I finally fall in love with this fantastic woman and it turns out that she wanted you first!
When you?re marrying us; that?s what you should say.
I?d love it if you would do it.
But those are the words! Those exact words!
Yeah, we talked and Monica made me see that I over reacted a little bit and some things in life are more important.
So did Monica tell you about this great band called the Swing Kings that we?re trying to get to play at the wedding?
Oh since forever! I used to go all over town listening to bands!
Gap commercial.  So did you book them? Did you call?
Sure! That?s one of the great things about being engaged. I?m not nervous talking to pretty girls anymore. The
So Ross, how was your date the other night? Did you tell her about the magical ride that starts with the flush of every toilet?
Uh Joe, when it?s one o?clock in the morning and you don?t come by? That?s okay!
 Really?! Joe? What would you do if you were in Ross?s situation?
So this is nice! I wish I didn?t have to go, believe me! But unfortunately I have to.  Oh uh, by the way, what?s the name the girl you?re dating? Joey and
Joey got meat sauce on the banister again! 
Look all I know is when Monica and I went to see them, we had fun! And there?s another reason too.
Well it?s just while Monica and I were dancing to them it was?the first time I knew that?you were the woman I wanted to dance all my dances with.
Why? Do you another boyfriend in there or something?
Y?know it?s funny I started it but, now it?s scary me. So could you come out here please?
Oh you got a wedding dress? That?s great!
Okay I promise. I?ll-I?ll hate it.  Wow! You-you look?hideous.
Yeah, that?s like the most ugliest dress I?ve ever seen. Wh-why do you to return it?
Oh that?s great! Great! Thanks! But that dress I mean it?s like yuck! It?s terrible! It makes me wanna just rip it right off of you!
 I thought you were gonna be gone all day.
Okay. Well, I think the centerpieces are too big
No. No, see when I first meet somebody it?s uh it?s mostly panic, anxiety, and a great deal of sweating.
Sleeping with somebody new, anxiety, panic, and I?m afraid even more sweating.
I was dangerously dehydrated during the first six months of our relationship.  Look, for me the rush is knowing that we are gonna be together for the rest of our lives.
Well yeah! But now that I know that you?re having these thoughts, I?m back to panic, anxiety, and uh I?m definitely gonna need some kind of sports drink.
Y?know I?m-I?m really glad we decided not to sleep together before the wedding.
Y?know I was thinking if we had a?a big fight and uh we broke up for a few hours?
Technically we could have sex again. What do you think, bossy and domineering?!
Well get rid of her, obsessive and shrill.
I was not staring at her. Okay? I was just listening intently. It?s called being a good conversationalist. Watch.  Say something.
Umm, so this Aunt Marilyn is-is-is-is she coming to the wedding?
This is so sad. I mean, I only have like ten pins.
Well, thanks a lot for hookin? me up Rach. I want you to know that I want you to attend our wedding as my guest.
 Well, what?s the deal with these? These-these look nice.
You mean these tuxes have been down the red carpet with people yelling, "You are you wearing?! You look fabulous!"
Oh, I have to get married in James Bond?s tux!
Oh, it?s not just that, I would be England?s most powerful weapon. Jet setting heartbreaker on her majesty?s secret service. A man who fears no one; with a license to kill.  Would Monica let me wear this?
A freakish thin date with a hanger for her head?
You can?t wear that! I?m wearing the famous tux! James Bond?s tux!
So?If you wear that you?ll make mine less special.
Please, don?t take away my cool thing. Please?! Pretty please?!
Look, it?s my wedding day okay? If you were getting married I would never do anything to upset you.
Rachel got Ross the tuxedo that Val Kilmer wore in Batman. Okay Batman is so much cooler than James Bond!
I would but mine doesn?t fit. The pants are a little tight.
Well, does that mean that you?re not going to wearing yours?
An invitation for the At First Sight premiere? Oh my God! Val Kilmer didn?t wear this in Batman! He wore it to the premiere of some tooty-fruity love story where he played a blind guy!
The only superpower you have is a slightly heightened sense of smell. 
Well, you?re welcome. And tell them we?re really glad they?re coming.
Oh, come on! I don?t care! Come on! Whose is it?
Do you realize you get louder each week?
I figured I?d buy those. Pat, I?d like to buy a vow. 
Right. So uh, have you written yours yet?
Do you happen to know what I?m going to say?
  Look at her go! She must love me more than I love her! What?s wrong with me? Ooh, don?t open that door. Opening Credits
 Monica, there are no words?  There are no words! This should not be this hard!
I?m so pathetic! Monica knows what she wants to say! You should?ve seen her. Writing, writing, writing!
Yeah, I?m not sure I can do that. 
All right, there?s a nuclear holocaust, I?m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Oh, y?know-y?know what, I was looking at it upside down.
All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Nothing! I said, I said "You're so great" and then I just, I just stopped talking!
No I don't! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it! Stop it!  
Y?know I was thinking, what if I uh, unpack here?
Well, what if all my stuff was here?
Okay. What if we lived together and you understand what I?m saying?  
Okay!  Okay! Okay! I'll do it! Oh God, I thought?  Wait a minute, I-I can do this.  I thought that it mattered what I said or where I said it. Then I realized the only thing that matters is that you,  you make me happier than I ever thought I could be.  And if you?ll let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way.  Monica, will you marry me?
Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Yeah, can I get a 3-piece, some cole slaw, some beans, and a Coke??Diet Coke.  
The reason we didn't tell anyone was because we didn't want to make a big deal out of it.
 Okay, did you see that?! With the inappropriate and the pinching!!
Okay, so now do you believe that she's attracted to me?
Listen, this is totally getting out of hand! Okay? She wants me to put lotion on her!
Look, she's not backing down! She went like this!  
Okay, give me a second!  Did you clean up in here?
 It's very, very nice. Well, come here. I'm very happy were gonna have all the sex.
Well, I guess there's nothing left for us to do but-but kiss.
Okay! Okay! Okay! You win! You win!! I can't have sex with ya!
Love her! That's right, I?LOVE?HER!!! I love her!!  I love you, Monica.
Yes, and we'd appreciate it if no one told him yet. 
Don?t worry honey, we?ll make yours funnier. Ending Credits
Oh! Right. Umm, maybe that?s because I didn?t send him an invitation.
I don?t even know the man. Okay? We?re not the close. I haven?t seen him in years.
Well he doesn?t have to know! It?s not like we run in the same circles. I hang out with you guys, and he stars in a drag show in Vegas.
Trust me, you don?t want him there either. Okay? Nobody is gonna be staring at the bride when the father of the groom is wearing a back-less dress.
Are you serious?! I mean like eloping?! No more stupid wedding stuff?! No more these flowers or these flowers or these flowers?Think of the money we?ll save!!  We?re not eloping. I love the flowers. Can our wedding be bigger please?
Y?know we already went over this and I won!
Look forget it okay? I don?t want to go. I don?t want to see him. I don?t wanna.
No-no all kids are embarrassed by their parents, you?d have to come up with a whole new word for what I went through. When I was in High School, he used to come to all of my swim meets dressed as a different Hollywood starlet. Y?know it?s hard enough to be fourteen. You?re skinny. You?re wearing speedoes?That your mom promised that you would grow into! And you look up into the stands and there?s your dad cheering you on dressed as Carmen Miranda. We was wearing a headdress with real fruit that he will later hand out to your friends as a healthy snack!
Yeah o-okay, but I?m just doing this for you.
So I really never get to win anymore?
Yeah, I just ordered a beer!  Waiter in
No! No! I don?t want him to know we?re yet! I?m not sure I?m ready for that. And besides he?s not gonna be too happy to see me either.
I don?t know if I?ve told you this, but he?s kinda tried to get in contact with me a lot over the last few years
Yeah, he?s made phone calls, written letters, he even came to New York, but I always said I was too busy to see him. Y?know it?s all very Cats in the Cradle?I don?t want to get into it.  Here we go.
Believe me, I?ve been saying that for years. Oh my God!
He?s coming into the audience. He?s coming into the audience.
It can?t happen like this. Okay? I?ll meet you back at the hotel. 
Wait! Wait! We?d really love it if you could be there.
I know it would make me happy, ma?am.
 When I was growing up I?played the one on the far left.
Yep! From now on its gonna be the four of you guys and me and the misses. The little woman. The wife. The old ball and chain.
Listen, if you want to borrow money, its kind of a bad time. I?m buying dinner for 128 people tomorrow night.
During this time?are you, are you still my best man?
 Hey, I hear what your saying, okay? And, thanks for the warning.
Okay.  You won?t believe what Monica?s older brother just said to me! Opening Credits
 Okay. Here?s a question you never have to ask. My dad just called and wanted to know if he could borrow one of your pearl necklaces.
Wait a minute! I have a date tomorrow night.
Well you don?t have to sound so surprised.
Yeah. Y?know I keep thinking that something stupid is gonna come up and I?ll go all?Chandler. But nothing has.
How did you guys find me? I knew I should?ve hid at the gym!
Panicking! And using the Internet to try to prove that I?m related to Monica. How is she?
Because if I go home, we?re gonna become the Bings! I can?t be the Bings!
The Bings have horrible marriages! They yell. They fight. And they use the pool boy as a pawn in their sexual games!
It?s not just their marriage! I mean, look at yours. Look at everybody?s! The only person that can make marriage work is Paul Newman! And I?ve met me; I am not Paul Newman. I don?t race cars! I don?t make popcorn! None of my proceeds go to charity.
I want to. I love her so much, but I?m afr?It?s too huge.
Yeah okay. Well, what?s the next little bit?
Yeah. You?re right. Hey I-I can do that.
Ross, I am not gonna run away again! I just want to get a little fresh air.
Well I was! Then I went down to the gift shop because I was out of cigarettes? Phoebe and
Big picture please! So I was in the gift shop, and that?s when I uh, saw this.  New York.) Yeah, y?know what? I thought anything that can fit into this, can?t be scary.
But come on, look at how cute and small this is! So I got it to give Monica so she?d know I was okay.
You look beautiful mom.  You look beautiful too dad. I love you both.  I?m so glad you here.   The
 No, that?s okay.  Monica I thought this was going to be the most difficult thing I ever had to do. But when I saw you walking down that aisle I realized how simple it was. I love you. Any surprises that come our way it?s okay, because I will always love you. You are the person I was meant to spend the rest of my life with. You wanna know if I?m sure? 
 I love you. And I know about the baby.
Phoebe found your pregnancy test in the trash.
Y?know I am the groom right? I was told it was kinda big deal.
Before we go out there I?ve got a present for ya.
Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.
So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
I don?t know, it?s these new shoes, they?re all slippery.
Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so. Dennis
Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives.
But you?re not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor with freakishly tiny feet.
 No. No, I won?t. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn?t want to be embarrassed to be seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot.
Y?know I am the groom right? I was told it was kinda big deal.
Before we go out there I?ve got a present for ya.
Yeah, the last six weeks. I wanted this to be a moment you will never forget.
So? Would you care to join me in our first dance as husband and wife?
I don?t know, it?s these new shoes, they?re all slippery.
Bravo Dennis thanks for pleasing my mother so. Dennis
Great, because my shoes are giving me a little problem on the dance floor, can I borrow the boots from your costume?
Yes, I told him how talented you were. I told him all about Days Of Our Lives.
But you?re not just a soap actor. You are a soap actor with freakishly tiny feet.
 No. No, I won?t. Do you know why I took all those lessons? See, for the first time I didn?t want to be embarrassed to be seen on the dance floor with some clumsy idiot.
Hey! Babe! Aren?t you excited we?re going on our honeymoon?
A Speedo? Uh, I don?t have a Speedo. I?m gonna go pack my regular long bathing suit. 
 What?! I didn?t even know that?Why didn?t you tell me?!  Why am I talking like this?!
 What?!  I am an excellent secret keeper. I have kept all of our secrets.
Oh no-no Joey, I am not going to tell you because I am an excellent secret keeper. 
Oh honey, leave them alone, they?re in love.
25J and K, any chance those aren?t together?
Oh that?s all right, I have it memorized. It?s 1A. Airline
Wait. Before we go in, I just want you to know I love you. I had a great time on our honeymoon, and I can?t wait to go in there and spend the rest of our life together.
They?re terrific, and they live right here in the city.
I?m sorry, we?re just kinda excited because we finally have a couple to hang out with.
Listen, they are really great. If you just got a chance?
I don?t know! You were a delight to talk to. You asked all those insightful, great questions.
Yeah, we?re gonna need to see that tape. 
I still don?t get it, we didn?t do anything wrong.
I thought you said those jokes were funny. Joke! Joke! Joke!
Well maybe it was all of your questions.
The sheer volume, it was like flying with the Riddler!
So, just the ones gave back to us and we had framed!  
That?s the magic story you use when you wanna have sex!
You know me sir. Oh ah, I do have a question for ya. Do you know how I get around the office computer network so I can access the really good Internet porn? Mr.
Hey that?s okay. So, where do you want to go?
You like the Purple Rain display!  Hey Bob.
Oh it?s been going on way to long now. Y?know, I mean the first time he said it we were just passing each other in the hallway, so I didn?t say anything. And then the next time he said, "Hey Toby, do you want a donut?" And I-I wanted a donut. And now it?s five years later, the donut?s gone and I?m still Toby.
No! That would be so awkward! Look?Besides, we work in different departments. He?s on the sixth floor y?know? So he calls me Toby once in a while. What?s the big deal? It could be worse, it?s not like he?s calling me Muriel. 
Bob? Ooh, working here with us? Everyday? Yeah, I don?t know if he has what it takes. Mr.
But this is eleven. It?s almost twice as hard up here. Mr.
Y?know what you should do, just toss ?em in the shedder and claim you never got ?em. Mr.
What does a guy have to do to be taken seriously around here?!
Uhh yeah. Yeah, it?s  right, right down there.  Right there, yeah. Can I ask you why?
Okay Bob listen uhh, I?m the reason you didn?t get the job up here.
Well that puts me in a difficult position.
 Bob. Bob! Bob!!!  What the hell are you doing?!
 Monica! Can I talk to you for a second? Listen, I appreciate you getting me the costume?
No bunny at all!! Always no bunny at all!!!
Wow! I don?t have the worst costume anymore!
Joey?s gonna be thrilled! He was hoping you?d come by as a slutty nurse.
You?d think that would embarrass me, but you see I?m maxed out.
Oh relax man, relax. You?re looking a little flushed.
Oh really?! You think you?re stronger? Why don?t you prove it? 
No way! If anything you?ve gotta let me win! My wife thinks I?m a wimp!
Listen, I?ve got a secret for ya. I let him win.
Would you tell her I let you win please?
Uh honey, I know you don?t like to relinquish control?
Look, she?s really nice. Okay? And she mentioned that she adored the way that you arranged the sponges.
Yes, I distinctly remember ?cause I thought it was a joke. Now just give her a chance, okay?
So she stole your pants and then she came back and wore them in front of you?
Honey, isn?t it possible that the company that sold the jeans made more than just the one pair?
So, shouldn?t we go give her the benefit of the doubt before we go?snooping around her crotch?
Out of curiosity, what is your secret ingredient?
Are you sure? Did you see the stain?
God! She is not stealing from us! Okay, will you let this go?
And yet you don?t recognize that you?re crazy.
I fear a jury will see it the same way!
All right. Yes. Okay. I get your point. But if it?s not your bra will you just let the woman clean the apartment?!
Yes! It?s flown into your blouse and you?d better undo your buttons lest it sting you!
I totally understand.  Can I just see your bra?
I thought we weren?t gonna have bachelor/bachelorette parties! Y?know, we agreed that it was a silly tradition.
I can?t believe you didn?t tell me! You know that the two pillars of marriage are openness and honesty!
My God! You must be good in bed!
Well, you have to honest with her! Otherwise you may think that you?re going down the same path, but you?re really going down different ones.
Honey! That?s crazy! I don?t want you to get me a stripper?
Look, I appreciate it, but uh, it?s a little creepy. Y?know? I?m not a bachelor anymore.
All right fine! But I?m only doing this for you!
Ah, no-no-no just Ross. Ross and Joey is embarrassing enough.
Okay. I can?t believe tomorrow?s the big day.
I can?t believe there is a naked hooker in there!
Could be. I mean technically she did strip, we just, we just missed it.  Ma?am, are you also a stripper?
That is funny, maybe for my birthday she?ll murder someone.
Oh actually, I?d rather you?Yeah, go ahead. We?re gonna have to burn that room down anyway.
 In a minute? What?s gonna happen in a minute?!
All right Rock, Paper, Scissors who has to tell the whore to leave!  What?
I don?t think we?ve actually done this before!
Well y?know, things are different. I?m?I?m married now.
Yeah, I miss that too. I tell you what; from now on we?ll make time to hang out with each other.
Her ass print is still on your grandmother?s quilt, do you really want to talk about smoking?
Yeah! I?m just pretending to watch the game so I don?t have to help out with stuff.
Nope! Every once and a while I just scream stuff at the TV. 
Yeah! Anderson just scored again!  There?s no Anderson.
Oh hey. I?d shake your hand but uh; I?m really into the game. Plus, I think it?d be better for my ego if we didn?t stand right next to each other.
I?m watching the game, but I?m not deaf!
 Y?know, it?s been a while since we?ve screamed something. Maybe we should.
Everybody at my school heard it! You were the hermaphrodite cheerleader from Long Island?!
I?m sorry. When you were in high school you made out with a 50-year-old woman?
Well, she probably wasn?t familiar with the process having spent most of her life sitting for oil paintings!
Yes, I believe we can expect a call from the President any moment now.
I?m gonna miss being able to afford food.
Yeah well, too bad we?re gonna have to return them.
You can wear them with shorts on a street corner and earn the money to pay for them. 
 I don?t think you did a very thorough job!
Oh don?t forget, my office holiday party is tonight. 
Now sweetie, I know you don?t like my office parties, but you can wear your new boots. See? Every cloud has a?supple leather lining.
Do you think I work at some kind of boot pricing company?
You said that you paid all that money because those boots go with skirts, dresses, and pants!
I don?t see any uh, cabs. Maybe we should just walk?
What honey, it?s like fifteen blocks to the subway. Let?s go.
So I was right. This is what it feels like to be right.  It?s oddly unsettling.
Honey, I know you?re in pain right now, but I?m a little turned on.
Oh I?m sorry! Do you need a break?
I can see it from right here. It?ll cost you one husband.
Well, why don?t you check in one of my saddlebags while I chew on a bale of hay!
Honey, are you seriously ever gonna wear the boots again?
Y?know what? You can say goodbye to the tan ones.
I didn?t know you and Carol were getting divorced, I?m sorry.
Oh yeah. Boy, urine cuts right through an ice sculpture doesn?t it?
Oh uh, as it turns out, we can?t do it. Monica has to work.
Oh uh well tomorrow?s no good for her either.
Because uh?we-we?we split up. Monica and I split up. Hold me.
Y?know what would really help me through this tough time is choking something. Can I choke ya?
Oh no-no-no, Monica would freak.  But to hell with that bitch.
Oh that?s all right sir, and that?s just one girl.
It?s a hand. It?s a thing you use as a Jack and Coke holder.
It was awful. To get out of going to dinner with Doug I told him that you and I split up. So then he took me to all these strip clubs and sleazy bars, and then when I wouldn?t give him my wedding ring, he threw a soda can at a bird!
Y?know what the worse part was? I got to see what my life would be like without you. It was like It?s a Wonderful Life with lap dances. Please promise that you will never leave me, that we will grow old together, and be with each other for the rest of our lives.
Ooh, I don?t know if we?re there yet.
Oh my goodness! Where did you hide it?
Pheebs you didn?t have to get us anything for our wedding you already sang?
Why do you want to play this game so bad?
You are not going to believe what I did today!
I got good. I played this game all day and now I rule at it! They should change the name of it to Ms. Chandler.  Although I-I hope they don?t.
Uh-huh, and I got all the top ten scores, I erased Phoebe off the board! High five! 
Well I?ve been playing it for like eight hours, it?ll loosen up. Come on, check out the scores. Oh, and also look at the initials, they?re dirty words.
Well y?know, they only give you three letters, so after A-S-S it is a bit of a challenge.
It is when you put it together with that one.
Come on, he won?t even know what they mean.
No-no-no, if you unplug it, I?ll have nothing to show for my day! It would be like I was at work.  No!  Hey look at that! Look at that, it?s still there! This thing must have some kind of primitive ROM  Chip in it or something!
I did.  But it came at a price.
Oh come on, by age seven kids have already seen orgies.  Was it just me?!
One more score to go! You can do it! 
All right! Go left! Go left! Go right!! Go right!!
Honey, it?s not the bath I enjoy, it?s the wet, naked lady.
Really? What do you do? You just sit in there stewing in your own filth.
Oh! Uh, yeah! Is this a cold pizza talk or a leftover meatloaf talk?
Oh no-no, no you don?t, just come back.
Yes. When Monica and I were in London, we were both in London.
Honey, I don?t like baths! Could you draw me a picture of us having sex on the balcony?
Well, this does butch it up a bit.
All right, if I do this, can we at least discuss sex on the balcony?
 All right, this isn?t so bad. I like the flower smell! Which is okay, because I?ve got my boat.
I?m in the bathroom, can you come in here? I think there?s something wrong.
I drew my own bath, but I did it wrong! The water?s tepid. The salt didn?t dissolve and is now? lodged places. And the scents I used don?t compliment each other. Eucalyptus and chamomile?Oh!
The bath salts! They?re starting to effervesce! It?s different.  It?s interesting.
Yeah! Sure, sure. So, what was going on with you today? Oh-oh-oh!
I don?t know! Joey hasn?t had this much trouble getting out words since we saw him in Macbeth!
All right, let?s break this down. What exactly did he say to you?
He didn?t say anything about that to me.
He was asking all these questions about you, me, and London. And, of course the glue that holds this all together, the rules.
My God! He wants to do it with Phoebe in London!
I?m not going to let you say anything.
Oh, it?s so hard to care when you?re this relaxed.
 Yes we?re all in here and we would love for you to join us!
Yeah. And what you?re doing feels so good.
Buy stamps, pick up dry cleaning?Don?t let Phoebe in.
Well, Phoebe I thought I?d??Yeah, what the hell.  Opening Credits
Who says you can?t get a nice punch bowl for under six bucks? Maybe we can take it back?
How about to the street say from the balcony?
Oh no-no-no, I will do it. Honey, you have to learn to sit down and relax and let your husband take care of things once and awhile.  It?s locked, you have to help me. Why is it locked?
Oh y?know, I?ve been living here a while and I?ve never seen what?s inside that closet. What is, what is in there?
Don?t try to make me uncomfortable with feminine stuff!
Phoebe if it helps Alexandra has only been massaging Monica for like three years.  If! I said, "If it helps!" 
I wasn?t trying to open your closet! I wasn?t trying to open your closet! I swear! 
Monica has a secret closet and she won?t let me see what?s in it.
I don?t know! What could she possibly be hiding in here that I can?t see?!
Why would Monica be keeping Richard in here?
Yeah.  Oh no wait, I?m not an nine-year-old girl.
So, how?s the hideously inappropriate crush on Rachel coming?
Okay.  So uh, Ross is kinda bummed huh?
Well, it?s not your fault. What are you gonna do? Not take her to the hospital? Y?know? You?re doing nothing wrong.  Except for harboring an all consuming love for the woman whose carrying his baby.  Richard? If-if you?re in there, could you pass me my credit card?
Not to shabby, I got this all off myself?using my wife?s tools.  Oh my God!
No, honey you?re not sick! Look, I don?t love you because you?re organized, I love you in spite of that.
Yes! And look, now that I know if I got some extra stuff lying around can we, can we share the closet.
So Rachel?s all moved out huh? How are you taking it?
 ?Candy and Cookie?. ?Candy and Cookie?? Monica got me porn?! Girl-on-girl porn?! She really must love me!!   Man on
Worst porn ever! Worst porn ever!  Woman on
I thought?maybe?you got me porn for Valentine?s Day.
Well, I?m not really in a sexy mood right now.
Well, remember the first time we saw Jaws?
How long it took to go back in the water?
Oh, beautiful? Really? Beautiful? You think this is beautiful? 
You know, it haunts me? Up ?til now, the worst thing I ever saw, was my father doing tequila shots off the naked houseboy. After this, I would gladly make that my screensaver!
Okay. Now all we?ve got to do is get rid of this chair. 
Oh, great. We have to watch him do yoga in his underwear, but for this he closes the drapes!
Oh, and we should warn you, before you watch
Well, let?s just say it?s ironic how footage of someone being born can make you want to kill yourself.
 This reminds me of a very specific part of the tape.  Okay, here we go.
Why have I seen this thing three times?!
And look how happy the mom is now!
I think that?s the youngest girl ever to reject me.
No. I mean I believe that uh, certain people are more suited for each other and I believe in falling in love, but soul mates, I don?t think they exist.
Come on, don?t be crazy.  You don?t think there?s someone out there better suited for Monica than me, do ya? 
A tall guy with hair similar to mine, oh unknowable universe!
Luckily, the guy she settled for can?t hear what you?re talking about.
You believe that this guy is destined for someone else and you?re still gonna date him?
What?s wrong with sun-dried tomatoes?  On a barbecue chicken pizza?  No?
I believe in tall, handsome strangers who hit on my wife!
Cheese you say? That?s some pretty smelly work, huh Don?
Cheese, it?s smelly. You must smell a lot of the time too.
 Oh come on!  Are you listening to this?
Sure, why don?t you set it up. I?ll just be over here, browsing through the personals.
Yeah, fine. Fine. Not perfect!! But good enough.
Phoebe thinks you and Don are soul mates, and I don?t believe in that kind of stuff. But then you two totally get along. So look, I won?t stand in your way if you want to run off with Don and live in a house of cheese.
So you?you don?t want to live with Don in a cheese house?
Y?know what? I am going to take you out to dinner tonight. I found this place that makes the greatest mozzarella sticks and jalepino poppers .  No? Really? They taste so good.
I don?t see him.  Do you see him?
 I don?t know what that?s like?! Up until I was 25 I thought the only response to, "I love you," was, "Oh crap!"
Well, I?m sure you get another one at Ann Taylor?s.
Phoebe, did you see that?! He totally checked you out! He is so cute!  Mine has a picture of The Village People, what does that mean? 
I know it?s tough now, but things will get better.
I?m not great at the advice, can I interest you in a sarcastic comment? Some cheese?
Let?s just say if I can?t find the right CD case I just put it in the nearest one.
Honey, I?m gonna save you some time, 200 CDs, not one of them in the right case.
Well, if we?re gonna do that we should come up with some kind of order. Y?know alphabetically or by genre?
They were just giving those away at the store  in exchange for money.
Oh my God, honey we are so meant to be together. We both have copies of the Annie soundtrack.
What problem did you tell him you had?
 The sun?ll come out?tomorrow! Bet?your bottom dollar that tomorrow?  ?there?ll be sun.
Wow, Ralph Lauren is really going out of there way to show they?re not in the baby buying business.
Oh I?m sorry, you?re kicking me out of my own living room?
Oooh, did he put a little starch in your bloomers?  Who said that?
And you wonder why Ross is their favorite?
It?s your parents? anniversary and you?re going to talk about their dead pet?
Yeah, sure. What do you need? We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt,  and I think my testacles may be in here too.
Somewhere there is someone with a tranquilizer gun and a huge butterfly net looking for that man.
Ya know if you want to, I can just hold them down and you could . 
If only there was something in your head to control the things you say. 
No, we?re just four people with neck problems. You talk like this.   The
Well, I see you've had a very productive day. Don't you think the cowboy hat is a little much?
Y?know what, we have to turn off the porn.
You wanna see if we still have it?
This sounds like a hernia. You have to?you-you?Go to the doctor!
No, I can't. No-no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry,  it's about you and me and the fact that we're  best buds.
It hurts me. It physically hurts me.  The
Now I?ve upset you? What did I say?
You?ll be perfect for this! That?s already your name!
Okay, I guess we can lose to junior high girls some other time.
Well Joey, I?m a headhunter. I hook up out of work Soviet scientists with rogue third-world nations. Hi Rasputin! 
This is ridiculous, he?s not gonna hold his breath? 
Oh come on Ross, I think we?re all losers here.
Let me think. Let me think?Oh! I don?t care.
I don?t think the contestants are supposed to speak to each other.
I?d like to go up the ladder of chance to the golden mud hut please.
I have a job interview I have to get ready for.
And people say you don?t pay attention. No, this is a much better job. It?s vice-president of a company that does data reconfiguration and statistical factoring for other companies.
The front page? You really do live in your own little world, don?t ya?
Well, I got a job interview. It?s kinda a big deal too. Its a lot more money and I?d be doing data reconfiguration and statistical factoring.
Me! I do that. So? Seriously, do I look okay? I?m little nervous.
 Did you like me when we first met?
I can?t even believe this! I really come off that badly?
Oh good. Good, because I?m sure this interview is gonna last a couple of weeks.
Well you should meet my uncle, Bada.  I?ll let myself out.
?I think you?ll find if I come to work here, I don?t micro-manage. I don?t shy away from delegating.
 What I do do?is manage to uh, create an atmosphere of support for the people working with me.
Hardest thing I?ve ever done in my life.
?also I was the point person on my company?s transition from the KL-5 to GR-6 system. The
Yeah I gotta say thank you, I was really nervous. Y?know I?ve been told I come on to strong, make to many jokes, and then it was really hard to sidestep that duty thing.  Duties.  Duties!  Poo.  The
Oh my God this doesn?t count! Okay? The interview was over, that was the real Chandler Bing in there, this is just some crazy guy out in the hall! Call security! There?s a crazy guy out in the hall! The
So you?re never actually going to pay me back?
I always knew you were gonna make it. I?m so proud of you.
This is so exciting! It?s so glamorous! People taking our picture. How do I look?
I love the specifics, the specifics were the best part!
I was surprised to see a kangaroo in a World War I epic.
Don?t go! I?m sorry. I?m so sorry!  Look! This guy fell asleep! He fell asleep too! Be mad at him!  Or, call an ambulance.
Where have you been?! I tried to call you! I want to talk to you! I still feel so bad!
You don?t owe me anything, I don?t want you money?
Well then there was the second set, the infamous booger head shots.
Well uh, there was acting classes, stage combat classes, tap classes?
Uh then there was that dialect coach who helped you with that play where you needed a southern accent. Which after twenty hours of lessons still came out Jamaican.
Okay, two, three years of rent, utilities, food?
Okay. I?ve been thinking about it too, and I, I think we?re ready.
Yes, but haven?t you wanted a kid like forever?
I?m not crazy about babies. I?m crazy about us.
Look, we?ve always talked about having babies someday. I?m not saying it has to be right now, but I?m starting to think that we can handle it. We?re good. We?re really good.
But nothing has to happen until your ready.
What?! It?s not right! We?re not ready to have a kid now!!
I?m kidding. This is going to be fun.
We?re trying to get pregnant.  Y?know I?m not really comfortable doing this in front of the babies. So, when do you want to start trying?
Wait a minute, it?s perfect. We got a lot of time to kill and we?re in a building that?s full of beds!
Okay. Uh, we?ll dim the lights, dim the lights.  Or turn them out all together. Uh, no scented candles. Okay here. Here we go. 
Should we tell Rachel there?s an empty private room right next door to hers?
Well let me think about that, while I remove my pants! 
If it?s not, then there?s two of them. And that would mean it?s the end of the world!
Weirdest thing. Did I hear??Mother of God it?s true!
Janice I didn?t even know you were pregnant! Who?s the unwitting human who?s essence you?ve stolen?
That?s funny. Does it-does it hurt? Does the labor hurt?
It?s incredible, I mean one minute she?s inside you and then 47 hours later here she is.
So, do you know what you?re gonna call her yet?
Oh no, it?s gonna be named after some snack or baked good isn?t it?
And if not, we got to do it on a bucket.
He pulled a quarter out of my ear!
That was you?! I thought it was Jack!
As we all are at some point during the day.
Ross had a ring?! And he was gonna propose?
And you did it first?! This is gonna kill him! You know how much he loves to propose!
Well maybe you don?t have to tell him anything.
If you clear things up with Rachel then Ross never needs to find out, but you have to do it now before he hears about it and kicks your ass!
Honey, we?ve been over this. I need to be facing the other way.
I?m so tired.  Yeah okay, but no foreplay.
This is okay. We?re all adults here; there?s nothing to be ashamed of. Now, let?s put our underwear in our pockets and walk out the door. 
I just want you to know that what you witnessed in there, that wasn?t for fun.
 Why? Why-why-would you?Wh-why?  Look, I just don?t want you to think that we?re animals who do it whenever we want. Mr.
That?s funny, this conversation?s how I got the bullet hole in my head. Mr.
Seriously sir, my brains? All over the wall.
You still haven?t told Rachel you weren?t really proposing?
Joey, you have to tell her what?s going on! And what did it look like?!
Go and tell Rachel right now before Ross finds out.
No, no, Ross and Rachel will be back soon and then I gotta go to the office  Am I producing them?
Couldn?t sleep last night you know, then I started worrying about this big divisional meeting that I have later today, the more I worried about it the more I couldn?t sleep. Y?know? I was like, if I fall asleep now I?ll get six hours sleep, but if I fall asleep now I?ll get five hours sleep. Not matter what I did I couldn?t fall asleep.
Hey, what do I know? I wanted to get a bigger gorilla.
Monica can I talk to you outside for a minute?
Actually Pheebs its more of a husband and wife kinda thing
Umm, you know how we always said that it would be fun to move to Paris for a year? You know, you could study French cooking and I could write and we could take a picnic along the Seine and go wine tasting in Bordeaux?
Okay, you know how that people say that Tulsa is the Paris of Oklahoma?
Okay, Ms. McKenna, she kind of works above my boss, she asked me to move to Tulsa and be the president of our office there, and I was sleeping and apparently, said yes.
Really? Oh What A Beautiful Morning! Surrey With A Fringe On Top.
No, no, but they are going to lease us a Ford Focus.  I?ll get out of it.
Umm ma?am, do you have a minute?  I kind of have some bad news. I don?t think I can move to Tulsa. Ms.
It?s a funny story, actually.  I kind of fell asleep in the meeting this morning so when I said I?d move to Tulsa, I didn?t really know what I was saying. Ms.
But only because I was up all night worried about this meeting, ain?t that funny? Irony? Not a fan, alright . See, here?s the thing. I went home and told my wife about Tulsa and she won?t go. See, me, I love Tulsa! Tulsa is heaven! Tulsa is Italy?Please don?t make me go there! Ms.
No no no! Look, Carol, can I call you Carol?  Wh-why would I when your name is Elaine? Oh what a great picture of your son, strapping!  That?s a picture of your daughter, isn?t it, well she?s lovely. I like a girl with a strong jaw. I?ll call you from Tulsa. 
Shhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh! Shhhhh!  I can?t, I can?t hear you. 
Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
They said it could be up to a year.
There is nothing like the support of your loving wife, huh?
I'm sorry buddy, but I don't think I'm gonna be able to make it.
Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa. You can stay here and keep your job.
I'm sorry, are you just used to saying that?
That's fast math! We could use you in Tulsa.
Looking for restaurant jobs for you in Tulsa.
No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant. They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be a bit of a stretch. They're looking for someone to shovel mesquite.
Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'. 'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be tough to keep Kosher in Tulsa.
Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got a lot of packing to do.
And you're thinking of taking it?  So before you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now it's old job,  me,  new job.
What happened to 'you can't live without me four days a week'?
Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you start chattering like a monkey.
Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer in your touchy?
That was not a security blanket! That was a wall-hanging!
Well, you got here just in time. I really have to go buddy. 
Of course I will call you. I love you.
Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make all this easier?
Well, bye Mon, bye Ross, Rachel, bye Emma!
 Don't worry, I'll be back before you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise. CUT
 Oklahoma where the wind comes sweeping down the plane, STOP IT! Why couldn't they have sent me to Texas? 7 o clock maybe I'll hit the gym  who am I kidding pay-per-view porn. Cuts to Monica 
everything's great, just watching some regular television there, what a pleasant surprise. 
Ok honey. that was close. Cut to Rachel 
well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because it's six o clock IN NYC!
 Honey why am I watching a bunch of sharks swimming around.
no I'm not quite sure you got the right movie that's all.
OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel, I was just watching regular porn
yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American action.
You are an amazing wife.  No really you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you find the strength and understanding over something like that.
Good morning everyone, it's nice to see our team together for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions?  Yes, Ken is it?
 Well, don't believe everything you hear, Ken.  But yeah, that's true. Alright, let's get started, by take a look at last quarter's figures. 
No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right now, I can't remember why. 
Alright, lo...look. I don't smoke anymore. But if the rest of you want to light up, go ahead, it's fine.  So you all smoke then? That's almost rude, that I'm not.
 Ken, please! No, I can't, I can't smoke. If I smoke, my wife would kill me.
Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all commune areas and offices with fewer than fifteen people.
No! I just happened t'do a lot trivias about smoking in different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called Leyhallalookoos.
Uch, do you think, Monica is gonna be able smell it?
 Okay, something to cover the smell ... Oven cleaner!  Unscented!
 Right. You know what? Actually I just get off the plane, so I'm feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower.
 Alright, the truth is, I soiled myself during some turbulences.
Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay, five. A pack. Two pack...a...a carton. Three big fat cartons in two days.  But it's over, I made a decision, I'm not gonna smoke anymore.
I messed up, it was a meeting, everybody was smoking.
Will power? I've watch home movies of you eating ding-dongs  without taking the tin foil off.
You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife? Is she here by the way?
Oh, would you say this was the most upset you could be?
Then, I might as well ...  do this . Not really sure what to do now.
Right, fine, I'll do it, but no talking.
Look, I can't do this. I can't make luv to you while we're fighting this way.
That was a celebration of life. Alright, look, I'm not gonna do this. Alright, is this really the way you want a baby to be conceived?
You are incredible. Unless, I...I'm not gonna smoke again. And if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you. 
But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of cigarettes--no big deal.
You tricked me to get me into bed?
I would never lie to get someone into bed.
I suppose that Monica will have the ... manipulative shrew.
Oh yeah, that's what she says. But maybe you're not ovulating at all, maybe it's just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
What's the matter with me? Why I'm such a girl?
So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you?
You know, I'd love to, but I'm a little tired.
He could be alone. This morning I heard him do push-ups, and then talk to his triceps.
How about the dinosaur twins in the other room? No-one is manning that wall!
That's not true. I came with Monica and I'm leaving with Weird Al.
And she's... turning on the TV... and watching... Miss Congeniality!
He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend Charlie. That's the situation as we know it... 
Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you do one thing for us? The people that care about you?
Not quite. Monica's still at the salon, and I'm just finishing packing.
You're not supposed to take that. Besides, it's a New Testament, what are you gonna do with it?
I think.... I think I can see your scalp.
What d'ya know... It's a treat for the eyes and the ears.
Yeah, it's almost if Air Barbados doesn't care about your social life.
Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there. 
You go back to work tomorrow night, right?
So if you want people to see them, then by definition you're not having them taken out... say, at the break of dawn?
It's "Ride of the Valkyries" from "Apocalypse Now"... See, here's the
Did I? Let's refresh. I believe what I said was that I could see your scalp.
Again, let's journey back... As I recall what Rachel said, was she had never notice the shape of your skull before. And Joey... Well, Joey didn't realise that there was anything different.
Honey, you've been in there for a long time... Is everything okay?
If I untangle you, will you please get rid of the corn rose?
Now that I untangled you, how 'bout you doing a little something for me?
You know, it's funny. Every time you say "triplets," I immediately think of three hot blonde 19-year olds. 
So, a lot of malfunctioning wee-wees and hoo-hoos in this room, huh? 
You want me to wash my hands first, don't you?
I'm Chandler. Hey, I was in the scouts too.
Yeah, in fact my father was a den-mother.
I'd love to, but I gotta get back to talking to your parents. They're telling us all about how they adopted you.
I didn't get to the bathroom. I bumped into Owen on the way, and he didn't know he was adopted. And there's a slight chance I may have told him.
But kids are so intuitive. Don't you think on some level he already knows? 
I'm so sorry, but you should have a sign out there or something. Or at least whisper it to people when they come in the door. "Owen doesn't know he's adopted, and he also thinks that Santa is real."
Owen didn't know he was adopted, and Monica told him.
Yeah, but how would you like it if someone told the triplets that you gave birth to them? 
Wow! So tonight may be the night! You're nervous?
What must it be like not to be crippled by fear and self-loathing.
Oh, I see what you mean, that's quite nice. 
Hey! Stop staring at my wife's legs! No no! Stop staring at your sister's legs!
She went on one of those spray-on tan places.
Sure, then you should get a mini skirt so you can really show it off.
Are you trying to do a British accent?
Just so I know, how many more of those can I expect?
No, had it done to me though. Feels good !
Hang on, she's right here.  Someone's on the phone, for ya.
Oh My God! You can do a duet of Ebony and Ivory all by yourself!
If she asks, I protested a little, but ok! 
That fake British woman is a real bitch, but she sure can dance... Hey!
Kinda... you know, sneaking around, having to hide from you guys...
Actually, no. No, it felt right. You know, it felt like uhm... I can't believe we haven't been doing this the whole time. 
I can tell from your expressions that that's the good news you were hoping for... Well, I'm gonna go continue to... spread the joy.
I know, I went to the tanning place and the same thing happened to me. You have to let me in.
No, I just had to get a picture of this. 
Honey, I got us that room at the Woodford Inn this weekend.
Gee if only she were one and had no idea what the hell a birthday was!
There's this thing I really want us to do. I read about it in Maxim...
Fine, but if we end up not doing this Maxim thing because of this party...
Oh, sure, she was probably up all night, excited about the party she knows is happening.
I'm not going to Vermont with this Monica!
To be fair this one does have nuts.  
Hi Emma! It's the year 2020. Are you still enjoying your nap?
We used to be married, but then we missed a weekend away together and things kind of unraveled. Because of you! Happy Birthday. 
I don't know! You'll tell us on Monday!
 What are you doing? Get the hell out of here! 
You do know, I can just turn them the other way around, right?
 That sounds more fun than the thing we were going to do in Vermont!
I bought you. How did I forget that that's all you do? 
I'm sorry, is this a game for Emma or for Monica?
Emma, you even know it's your birthday today? You're one! One-year-old, that's little. 
Did I teach her that? Did I just... impart wisdom?
There's no-one around. Why don't we just take this one?
Hey, guys! Come on! You gotta see what Emma just did.
Emma, how old are you? How old are you today? 
Joey, we would've asked you, we just thought you wouldn't be interested.
So you must be going to somewhere fancy to celebrate?
That's where people make number two!! OPENING CREDITS
And that became 'they are humid prepossessing Homo Sapiens with full sized aortic pumps...?
You know what? You don't need a thesaurus, just write from here,  your full sized aortic pump.
I doubt that! Tell her about us last year.
She's right! If I were a guy and...  Did I just say if I were a guy..?
Oh, I don't think it was desperate, I think it was amazing!
Sounds good to me... but what would a guy think? 
Hey Joe! How's the second draft of the letter coming?
Can we read it? Can you print out another copy?
It's ok, it's ok. You know what?  I'll just call the agency and tell them to throw out the letter. 
 Hello, this is Chandler Bing. Somebody just dropped off a handwritten recommendation letter, and..  Uh-huh... Uh-huh... okay... thank you. Good-bye. .
They thought it was very smart of us to have a child write the recommendation letter.
She guessed 8, 9, based on his drawings. 
I think she looks cute.  ... but I am wrong!
Like war. Or that thing in Joey's refrigerator. Remember? It was in a milk carton but it looked like meat?
Hey! Monica can be cool and fun at organized indoor projects!
Hey, I'm sorry, I should have given you guys my black book when I got married! Although it wasn't so much a book as a... napkin. With Janice's phone number on it.
Oh, then I'll tell you. My agency was bidding for a big account and they got it! It's my first national commercial!
Yeah, and I don't wanna brag but a lot of the ideas were mine!  Hell, you weren't there? All the ideas were mine!!!
Oh... I don't know, I really don't think you're right for the part.
First of all. Bravo. Uh, but I really don't think you're right for this. The part calls for a stuffy college professor.
Joe, I told you, you're just not right for the part.
He's not right for the part. So if I suggest him, my bosses are gonna think I'm an idiot! And that's something they should learn on their own!
That's good! I liked it, they didn't.  Joey, for God's sake, go to work! .
Bad news. I watched the tape and passed it along to my bosses and they weren't interested.
 Yeah! I... I... I liked it!  But, ehm... my bosses didn't go for it. Stupid sons of bitches!
I'm not lying to you, I watched it!
I can't believe Joey. I hate being called a liar!
Yes, and I have to say, I am not just hurt. I am insulted. When I tell somebody I did something...
Why are you so sure I didn't watch this tape?
Look, I'm sorry I didn't give them your tape. And I promise, next time to submit you whether I think you are right for the part or not.
I know. You're right. What's it gonna take for you to forgive me?
That's funny, we were doing the same thing!
Yeah it is really pricey. I mean, I freaked when I first heard the numbers.
It was pretty simple actually, I came up with a couple of cost-cutting solutions, wrote out a list and Monica told me to go to hell.
 Maybe you do that next time you get married!
Our adoption social worker is coming by today so we are cleaning the apartment.
You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways!
Kind of. She's coming by to interview us and see where we live.
 I don't, and I'm offended by the insinuation!
I'll admit to the cigarettes and the magazine, but that tape is not mine.
Here we go. Stand up straight.  Big smile. 
But you already gave all your money to charity!
That's sweet, honey, but save something for the adoption Lady.
Oh, because we love kids. Love 'em to death.Well, not actually to death, that's just a figure of speech - we love kids the appropriate amount... as allowed by law.
OH GOD NO! Nope, no, no, no. No! No, no. Nope! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. NO!  No!
Oh, it's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here. He's great with kids though.
Oh, just like I said. That crazy... Bert... roaming the halls. 
WE'LL TALK TO YOU LATER, BERT. EVERYTHNG'S FINE!! 
Oh yeah! He has a caretaker. His older brother... Ernie.
 You have to get out of here. You slept with our social worker and you never called her back and she is still pissed, so she can't see you.
And for the last time, we do not want to be friends with you! And we don't want to buy your bat! 
Hello...? Have you seen Joey's bat? COMMERCIAL BREAK
Yeah. We don't feel like we can host Thanksgiving this year.
Well, it's just with uhm, work and the stress of adoption, we just don't feel like we have the energy. Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.
We are supposed to make these decisions together! Did you not watch the Doctor Phil I taped for you? OPENING CREDITS
Why come all the way from Kansas to do that?
You know what just occurred to me? This could be our last Thanksgiving just the two of us. I mean, we could be getting a baby soon!
I'm telling ya! It's gonna happen. Next year it's gonna be you, me and the little Hemingway Bing.  What, he's my favourite author!
You know, you always cook this meal all by yourself. Let me help this year.
I'm serious, let me do something, just not the turkey or the stuffing, nothing "high profile".
Dinner is at four, we'll never gonna make it back.
You say that now, but it could take us a long time to get back home. Plus Joey could get lost and and they could have to page us to go pick him up.
Look, Monica has been working hard all day, she didn't wanna host this thing in the first place, we shouldn't go!
Okay.  And get ready to taste my very special cranberries. Or should I say... chanberries!
I can't believe they are not here! I slave and I slave for what? They've ruined cranberry day!
 Everything is so distorted! Looks like Joey has a giant hand! Which says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game!
Yeah, and there's a bowl of cranberry sauce that...  what happens to cranberry sauce?
 That's a lie, you went to the game, I can see Joey's hand.
Guys, I'd listen to her. The vein is bigger than I've ever seen it.   
HA-HA! All you got was Monica's stinky Brussels sprouts!
Please let me stay on this side of the door. 
He's doing that weird eye contact thing. Don't look at him, don't look at him! 
The floating heads do make a good point.
Well, you manheads aren't any better. You lied about going to the game. You knew it would make you late, and you still went anyway.
That would be a lot more convincing if you weren't drooling.
 Oh, I left them on my bulldozer... I don't have tools!
Okay, look, I'm gonna pull on the door and you guys push as hard as you can. Maybe we can get enough room to wiggle him out, okay? Okay, so PUSH!
Argh! I can't believe what you did. Monica's gonna kill you! 
 Look! Look! Look what the... Look what... Look what the floating heads did!
We're just here to say goodbye, we're off to Ohio.
Uhm, thank you, but we're really trying not to get our hopes up.
Yeah. I mean, this girl could decide against adoption or she could like another couple better..
I can develop a condition in which I talk and talk and no one hears a word.
So we're standing firm on the 'not getting our hopes up'?
Oh, screw it, I'm gonna be a daddy!! OPENING CREDITS
Thank you so much for agreeing to see us.
So, the fact that I am a doctor, and my wife's a reverend, that's important to you?
Plus I thought the baby would be in good hands with a doctor!
Yeah, actually. So, you read a file that you liked and you gave the agency the serial number and they contacted us? Agency
You should be. You're really on top of stuff.. Agency
It's wrong. They made a mistake. They think we're somebody else.
But we are not the one she chose! How can you feel okay about this?
Monica, I want a baby too, but this woman is giving away her child. She deserves to know who it's going to.
So, we'll tell the truth and who knows, maybe she'll like us for us.
The agency must have made some mistake. My wife is not a reverend and I'm not a doctor.
I could perform an operation on you and prove it if you'd like. Agency
Well, our names really are Monica and Chandler. We're from New York.
You have every reason to be upset. We did lie. But only because we've been waiting and trying to have a baby for so long. Now we don't know how long it's gonna be before we can get another chance again.
Erica, please. Just consider us. Ask them to see our file. Our last name's Bing. My wife's a chef and I'm in advertising.
But you did like us. And you should. My wife's an incredible woman. She's loving and devoted and caring. And don't tell her I said this but the woman's always right... I love my wife more than anything in this world. And I... It kills me that I can't give her a baby... I really want a kid. And when that day finally comes, I'll learn how to be a good dad. But my wife... she's already there. She's a mother... without a baby... Please? 
Oh, uhm... I have to work too. Yeah, I'm stuck at the office all day.
I was in the car with Nancy all day.
Well, at least the perfume is not mine, be thankful for that!
It?s perfect. It?s everything we?ve been looking for.
And the wiggle wharms and the zip zorps?  What were the things you said?
This is bringing out a lovely color in you!
I don?t know what you mean, giant talking cigarette! Oh, by the way, Phoebe called just as I was getting into Nancy?s car, so if she asks you, I was at work all day.
We don?t. Not until it's a hundred percent. I mean, why upset everybody over nothing.
Is it me, or have the greetings gone downhill around here?
Yeah  I'm not having an affair. Nancy is our realtor.
...and a street where our kids can ride their bikes and maybe an ice-cream truck can go by.
Actually, we already found a house we love.
Bet you wish I was having an affair now, huh? TIME LAPSE
I know this is really hard and we're really sorry.
If you win, we give up the birds.
But if we win, we get your apartment.
Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us! 
 Wow! Listen, we had a good run. You know, what was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! 
Well, I think, I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Look, we're not just messing around! I love her. Okay, I'm in love with her.
Little toast here. I know this isn't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Hello? It's Nancy, they responded to our offer.
 Okay, thanks...  They passed. They said they wouldn't go a penny under the asking price.
Yeah... Well, it's a good thing we got it then.
I just didn't want to tell you in front of them.
We're getting the house.  We're getting the house.
Well, I didn't know how to tell you before, but... We got the house.
You guys just keep getting cooler and cooler!
You're right, by saying "nice" I'm virtually licking her.
Are you asking permission to break the pact?
Man, we're gonna rock that Asian student union!
You know, our band is playing on Friday.
I know it. You know, I'm totally gonna ask her out.
All right, I'd say we make a pact. Neither of us will go out with Missy Goldberg.
All right, so that's Missy Goldberg, Phoebe Cates and Molly Ringwald, who neither of us can go out with.
Oh, and Sheena Easton. But we probably couldn't get her anyway.
Well, I officially give you permission to break the pact.
 Excuse me. . That didn't make us sound gay at all!
I believe the foundation of our friendship was unfortunate hair.  All right, look, if we're really gonna do this... it's not like you never broke one of the pacts.
Oh please, and you knew how much I liked her.
O-kay. I'll see if I can find Ross. 
Well, I did and it hurt.  That's when I wrote the
 Just one more thing. I was so pissed at you that night that I wanted to get back at you. So I thought, who does Ross like the more than anybody?
Well maybe if you go to school here next year we can totally hang out.
Well, maybe you can get in on a beauty scholarship.
I'm in college and I'm in a band.
Yeah, but it was like a million years ago, so it doesn't matter.
Oh wait... What bed did you say she was on?
I'm pretty sure I put her on my bed.
Why would I kiss a girl, and then put her on your bed?
You look great. I'm so glad we're having this rehearsal dinner, you know, I so rarely get to practice my meals before I eat them.
No stupid jokes. I thought that was for the actual wedding.
 You know what I just realized? We have no idea what we're doing in the wedding tomorrow.
This is like figure skating team all over again.  I mean synchronized swimming.  I mean- I mean the balance beam.  Help me!
I know, I hate being left out of things.
Fine. We're just sitting here. Alone. Doing nothing. It's our rehearsal for tomorrow.
Pick me, I look great in a tux and I will not steal focus.
Oh, I will. But I will need a mirror... as he is me!
Mike didn't tell you? You have to chose one of us to be in your wedding. One of his groomsmen fell out.
Just not enough to put us in the original wedding party.
Hey, can I talk to you about this groomsman thing? If you pick Ross, he'll walk you down the isle just fine. But if you choose me, you'll be getting some comedy!
Let me tell you why you need to pick me.  See, when I was a kid, I was always left out of everything, you know, and it really made me feel... insecure. You know, I was always picked last in gym. Even behind that big fat exchange student who didn't even know the rules to baseball. I mean, this guy would strike out and then run to third. Anyway, If I'm the only one left out of this wedding, I just know that all those feelings are gonna come rushing back.
You told us both we could be in the wedding? 
So technically, would this person be in the wedding?
I'm not scared.  I'll just take little Chappy and...  HE CAN SENSE MY FEAR. MY THROAT IS EXPOSED.
 Na ha ha...  Ne he he...  Ah ah...
 Is it okay that I want you to wear that head set in bed tonight?
I'd love to, but it's 2300 hours and I'm about to have the most organized sex anyone's ever had.
I don't know. Maybe he hooked up with that hot girl he was talking to. 
Oh, hey, when she gets here, is it ok if I introduce you two as "my wife" and "the woman who's carrying my child"?  No? Divorce?
Oh, those places! There's always so many people, their being corralled like cattle, and... you know, there's always some idiot who goes "Mooooo"!
Great!  This baby'd better to be really good.
Yeah, I've been to these places before, but I've never really seen them, you know.
Oh, uhm, okay, uhm, do you mind if we ask you some questions about the father?
So, what does the other guy do? Does he go to college too?
Of course I'm awake. Assume from now on that I'm always awake! 
Honey, it's us. Of course it's the shovel-killer.
I'd keep an eye on him! We have to find out which one the father is.
I dunno, aren't there tests for these things, right?
Pff, easy for you to say, he's a father killer. He probably loves him mommy. He's probably got a tattoo that says "mom" on his shovel-wielding arm!
O-okay.  So, is she gonna take the test?
Oh God! What was it? The thing that we hardly ever do or the thing we never do?
Yeah, I don't know why we hang out with married couples more often.
You mean that Portuguese couple? Yeah, like you wouldn't have done it. 
Hey! I will have you know that... aah, who am I kidding. Let's call the kid Geller and let Bing die with me.
Hey Joe! We've got a couple of things we've got to check out at the new house. You want to come with us?
Yeah, come with us. You'll see how close it is to the city.
That's what we were gonna name the baby.
You know, I always feel that way after an interview. I'll bet it went better than you think.
And thank you for explaining to us what escrow means... I've already forgotten what you said, but thank you.
When your head was hanging out the window, it didn't hit a mailbox, did it?
Man, those two dogs are going at it!
Joey, there was a little girl who lived here, but she died like 30 years ago. 
You don't think we'd buy a house and not have a Joey room do you?
It's seven years ago.  My time machine works!
For your information, I was staring at her baby. We're about to be parents.
My boss said I might be getting a new lamp in my cubicle. 
Is this the best way to use one of your three magic wishes?
We close escrow tomorrow, so seeing another house can only confuse us, and we're easily confused. We're not very bright.
I know. *He* always wanted to be the first black man to cross the Atlantic.
Unless Snoopy says it to Charlie Brown, I think we're okay.
It feels like we're cheating on our house. And if we're gonna cheat, shouldn't it be with like a hot, younger house, that does stuff that our house won't do?
The only way that that is going to happen, is if the other couple are the Hitlers.
That is a great idea! And by the way, I don't mean to sound distasteful, but when did you start crapping money!?
Alright alright, we still have three hours till escrow closes on our house. We can still get out.
Will we love it so much with her next door? And she's gonna be louder out here too. Just the crickets and  "Oh My God"!
 Well, we have to do something. We can't have her living next door.  Oh, that does it too. 
Wait! I just want you to know that... I'm so happy you're going to be here.
Because... that way... we can pick up where we left off.
Yeah, yeah, yeah! I want you... I need you... I must have you Janice Litman Goralnik Neihosenstein.
Now that you live next door, we can be together every day. Sid and Monica never have to know a thing.
Don't say that. Don't tangle the dream and take it away.
So we thought we'd throw you little going away party around seven.
Oh, no. He doesn't have time for that. But if you want, you can go help him and Joey pack up the guest room.
No, no, no, guys. She's right. We should get to work. I'll take stuff out of the closet, Joey you pack 'em and Ross you re-pack whatever Joey packs. 
Why would she use them with Richard and not me? I can be kinky! I once did a naked dance for her... with scarves!
I know, she's been such a big part of my life. And it feels like when Melrose Place got cancelled.  I mean... oh, forget it. I miss Melrose Place! Joey 
Oh, yes. I decided to leave these out for you in case Richard stops by and you wanna engage on a little light bondage and moustache play!
Oh yeah, right! Good luck getting another scarf dance from me!
Really? Then what are they doing in our guestroom?
 Uh, Rach... I think I have something that belongs to you. 
No, no, no... They're really yours. We... found them in your old room.
Don't say Richard! Well, if they're not Monica's and they're not yours, then whose are they?
Sure.  You don't really handcuff guys to waterpipes do you?
Let me just say something... Because once we get into this, I'm gonna get all uncomfortable and probably make some stupid joke... I just want to say that I... I love you... And, I'm gonna miss you. And I'm so sad that you're leaving.
Ooh, not so tight...  I'm sorry, just give me one more chance.
I'm sor... Just go. Just go. I can't, I can't.
Oh, you're definately not. I haven't cried like that in years.
That old woman was being scammed by her mechanic.
Well, you can't say we don't know how to throw a party.
Joey and I can finish up in the guest room.
Hey Mon, I think I figured out whose handcuffs they are.
Well, I was cleaning out the closet and I found some pictures of them... being used.
