There's nothing to tell! He's just some guy I work with!
Okay, everybody relax. This is not even a date. It's just two people going out to dinner and- not having sex.
 Carol moved her stuff out today.  Let me get you some coffee.
 De-caff.  Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.  This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
So you wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica...
Just breathe, breathe.. that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things...
Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know? Independence. Taking control of your life.
Joey, stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day!
 Are, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
Hi, come in! Paul, this is.. ... everybody, everybody, this is Paul.
My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
What?..... What, you wanna spell it out with noodles?
Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?
Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?
 Oh God, oh God, I am sorry... I am so sorry...
Being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
I had a really great time last night.
Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.
Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio.
So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?
Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day. Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
You mean you know Paul like I know Paul?
Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?
Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
C'mon, you can't live off your parents your whole life.
Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it! 
That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody. 
What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it.
Look , I'm sorry, guys, I just don't wanna give them any more ammunition than they already have.
That's because as far as my parents are concerned, Ross can do no wrong. Y'see, he's the Prince. Apparently they had some big ceremony before I was born.
Easy Rach, we'll find it.  Won't we! Chandler and
I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me? Mrs.
No Mom, I don't have a restaurant, I work in a restaurant. Mrs.
Ross, could you come and help me with the spaghetti, please?
I know this is going to sound unbelievably selfish, but, were you planning on bringing up the whole baby/lesbian thing? Because I think it might take some of the heat off me.  Mrs.
 So, Ross, what's going on with you? Any stories?  No news, no little anecdotes to share with the folks?
Boy, I know they say you can't change your parents,... boy, if you could-  -I'd want yours.
Chandler, you're an only child, right? You don't have any of this.
Uh, no. Loosely translated 'We should do this again' means 'You will never see me naked'.
No, no, no. They say it's the same as the distance from the tip of a guy's thumb to the tip of his index finger. 
Alright. I'm gonna go change, I've got a date.
'S'going pretty good, y'know? It's nice, and, we're having fun.
Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out.
I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd.
I know. I just wish that once, I'd bring a guy home that they actually liked.
 Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me. 
Hi. Alan, this is everybody. Everybody, this is Alan.
 Thanks. I'll call you tomorrow.  Okay. Okay, let's let the Alan-bashing begin. Who's gonna take the first shot, hmm? 
Wait a minute! We're talking about someone that I'm going out with?
Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes..
Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like?
Okay.. Well, I'm going out with a guy my friends all really like.
Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing.
No, he'll be fine. It's the other five I'm worried about.
Nothing. I just think it's nice when we're all here together.
Okay. It's-it's about Alan. There's something that you should know. I mean, there's really no easy way to say this.. uh.. I've decided to break up with Alan. 
No, nononono.. it's just.. things change. People change.
-but that wouldn't be fair to me, it wouldn't be fair to Alan- It wouldn't be fair to you!
I'll meet somone else. There'll be other Alans.
He said he's really gonna miss you guys. 
Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent?
Would you look at her? She is so peaceful.
Well, if you want, you can stay with Rachel and me tonight.
 I swear I've seen birds do this on Wild Kingdom.
Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends?  Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch? 
We thought since Phoebe was staying over tonight we'd have kinda like a slumber party thing. We got some trashy magazines, we got cookie dough, we got Twister.. 
 Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? ...Yes, hold on.  Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account.
That is the unusual activity. Look, they just wanna see if you're okay.
 Uh- Rachel has left the building, can you call back?
You should feel great about yourself! You're doing this amazing independence thing!
So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy.
No, you were right. I don't have a plan.  Pizza guy
Wait, was this a-a small mediterranean guy with curiously intelligent good looks? Pizza
Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza! 
White House adviser? Clinton's campaign guy? The one with the great hair, sexy smile, really cute butt?
Yeah. I think you have to draw him out. And then- when you do- he's a preppy animal. 
Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much?
Really. Well, at least 'big girls' don't pee in their pants in seventh grade!
Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
Chandler, nobody likes breaking up with someone. You just gotta do it.
Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
Wow, being dumped by you obviously agrees with her.
Forget it. Not after your cousin who could belch the alphabet.
What's going on here? You go out with tons of girls.
Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
Oh my god, Joey, for all we know this guy could be horribly-- 
 He is so cute.  So, where did you guys grow up?
It is so great to meet a guy who is smart and funny, and has an emotional age beyond, like eight.
Wow. My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please? 
Hello! Were we at the same table? It's like... cocktails in Appalachia.
Close? She's got her tongue in his ear.
Joey, this is sick, it's disgusting, it's, it's--not really true, is it?
I'm so sorry, I can't believe I did this, but I couldn't stop laughing at your Norman Mailer story. 
We ripped that couple apart, and kept the pieces for ourselves.
Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
Well, go over to her! She's not with anyone.
Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
What? So you guys don't mind going out with someone else who's going out with someone else?
...Oh! I-I see you moved the green ottoman.
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot.  Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
Okay, so I'm responsible, I'm organised. But hey, I can be a kook.
Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
STOP IT!! ...Oh my God. It's true! Who am I?
Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
He's in the bathroom. I don't think you wanna go in there!
Sure. Oh, um, Chandler? Y'know, the-the old Monica would-would remind you to scrub that Teflon pan with a plastic brush...But I'm not gonna do that.  SCENE
Hey, waitwait, aren't you the guy that plays the butt in the new Al Pacino movie?
I'm sorry, Joey. I'm gonna go to bed, guys.
Doesn't matter, I'll get 'em tomorrow. Or not. Whenever. 
Mom says it's all of Manhattan, parts of Brooklyn and Queens, and they have no idea when it's coming back on.
 Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK. 
I have no idea what you just said.
OK, I'll go. OK, senior year of college... on a pool table.
Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
No, you are not. We tell you stuff.
Okay, I-I d'know, you-you just- you have a quality.
Hello? Hello? Oh! Rachel, it's Paolo calling from Rome.
Hey dad, what's up? Oh God. Ross, it's Nana. 
The fuzzy little mints at the bottom of her purse.
...And then we throw your body in the water... Gee, that does sound fun. Mr.
Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all. Mrs.
That is a wonder. So tell me something, Mom. If you had to do it all over again, I mean, if she was here right now, would you tell her? Mrs.
How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example. Mrs.
Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth? Mrs.
Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle.  'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
Hey. Ross, did you know Mom and Dad are going to Puerto Rico for Thanksgiving?
Oh, wow, so you're gonna be one of those "healthy, healthy, healthy guys"?
Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
You know, they're not actually supposed to have...  I'll work on the lumps. Joey, you're going home, right?
And I assume, Chandler, you are still boycotting all the pilgrim holidays.
Yeah. Rach, are you thinking you're gonna make it to Vail?
 Chandler, here you go, got your traditional Thanksgiving feast, you got your tomato soup, your grilled cheese fixin's, and your family size bag of Funyuns.
Mmm, looking good. Ok, cider's mulling, turkey's turking, yams are yamming.  What?
All right, that's it. You know what? Just get out of my way and stop moping.
All right, fine. Tonight's potatoes will be both mashed with lumps, and in the form of tots.
What, Phoebe, did you whip the potatoes? Ross needs lumps!
Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
No I didn't. I asked, "got the ke-eys?"
Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
I swear you said you had the keys.
Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no!  Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Well, the turkey's burnt.  Potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined, potatoes are ruined. 
No, it doesn't, does it? But you wanted lumps, Ross?  Well, here you go, buddy, ya got one.
Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
Ross, is he gonna live with you, like, in your apartment?
Yeah, but Janice? That-that was like the worst breakup in history!
Do you always have to bring him here?
I'm sorry, okay. It's just that Chandler has somebody, and Phoebe has somebody- I thought I'd ask Fun Bobby.
I'm guessing your new girlfriend wouldn't urinate on my coffee table.
Oh my gosh! Rachel, honey.. are you okay? Where-where's Paolo?
Oh my God.  Phoebe. Don't look now, but behind us is a guy who has the potential to break our hearts and plunge us into a pit of depression.
He's coming. Be cool, be cool, be cool. 
Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
I wish we at least knew his name... Look at that face. I mean, even sleeping, he looks smart. I bet he's a lawyer.
Okay, he's a lawyer, who teaches sculpting on the side. And- he can dance!
I wish all guys could be like him.
Let's see. Congress is debating a new deficit reduction bill... the mayor wants to raise subway fares again... the high today was forty-five... and- oh, teams played sports. 
I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
 Yeah, I'd say so. And there's no 'j' in 'engorged'.
I'm Monica Geller. I've been taking care of you.
Oh, I don't know. Maybe, um, 'That was nice'? Admit something to me? 'I'll call you'? Coma
This is so typical. Y'know, we give, and we give, and we give. And then- we just get nothing back! And then one day, y'know, it's just, you wake up, and 'See you around'! Let's go, Phoebe.
Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas?  Nice talk, Aunt Syl.  You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth? 
Carol called me to thank me for the lasagna, I asked, she told me.
I'm sorry, I'm just excited about being an aunt!
So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, , Ok, that is either how could you? or enormous breasts! Here he comes!
Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel,  but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Yes! And that would be a shut-down! Joey &
Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!
You guys are always hanging out in my apartment! Come on, I'll only use my left hand, huh? Come on, wussies!  All right, ok, I gotta go. I'm going,  and I'm gone.
So, you think you'll do it on his couch?
Hey, how long are you in the city? Mr.
Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Roger wants to take her out tomorrow night.
But Phoebe, you can go out with a creepy guy any night of the year. I know I do.
Yeah, well, I'll take a little crying any day over Howard-the-"I-win"-guy.  "I win! I win!" I went out with the guy for two months--I didn't get to win once.
I don't know. Maybe we're some kinda magnets.
Oh, hi, Ross. Yeah. There's someone I want you to say hi to.  He just happened to call.
All I have is, is oregano and a Fresca.
Look, here's a picture of Scotty Jared naked.
You know, it's a really funny story how this happened. Fireman
Rach, why does my swizzel stick have an eraser? 
Uh, Chandler... you've been there for five years.
Yeah, yeah! Well, what kind of food is he looking for?
Oh, I love my life, I love my life!
So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
So anyway, I'm cooking dinner for him Monday night. You know, kind of like an audition. And Phoebe, he really wants you to be here, which will be great for me because you can 'ooh' and 'ahh' and make yummy noises.
I don't know. I don't know. It's just going to be so great!
Is it better than the other salmon mousse?
It's supposed to be that small. It's a pre-appetizer. The French call it an amouz-bouche.
 Hello? Oh, hi Wendy! Yeah, eight o'clock. What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... OK, great. All right, I'll see you then. Bye. 
Oh, I asked one of the waitresses at work if she'd help me out.
Well... of course I thought of you! But... but...
But, you see, it's just... this night has to go just perfect, you know? And, well, Wendy's more of a... professional waitress.
 Wendy, we had a deal! Yeah, you promised! Wendy! Wendy! Wendy! 
You know, Rachel, when you ran out of your wedding, I was there for you. I put a roof over your head, and if that means nothing to you...  twenty dollars an hour.
Oh, thank you. Would you like a tour?
Yeah, I think we're ready for our first course.  OK, um, these are rot-shrimp ravioli, and celantro pondou sauce... ... with just a touch of mints... and... ... ginger.
Oh, well... um, that's all there are of those. But in about eight and a half minutes, we'll be serving some delicious onion tartlets.
 You know that? You don't want to spoil your appetite.
You know, if you just wait another... six and a half minutes...
Why don't you just have a seat here?  OK... give me the Gummi-bears.
Why? It's just that I've waited seven years for an opportunity like this, and you can't even wait four and a half minutes for a stupid onion tartlet? 
I know... it's just... I thought this was, you know... it.
Ok, look, this could be a really long game.
Ross, your little creature's got the remote again.
No, you see, someone was supposed to take them down around New Year's but obviously someone forgot.
I can't believe you. You still haven't told that girl she doesn't have a job yet?
Congratulations, I think you've found the world's thinnest argument.
We're not doing anything. We're just sitting around talking, quietly. Mr.
Ok, I think I get how to do this.
Ok, Pheebs, they're gone. Are you all right?
Rachel, what are you doing? It's freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
Hi. Uh, my friend here was taking down our Christmas lights, and she fell off the balcony and may have broken her foot or ankle or something.
All right. Name, address...Ok, in case of emergency call?
Oh, that is so sweet. Oh gosh. I love you. Insurance?
I have no idea, but x-rays alone could be a couple hundred dollars.
No no no no no no no no no.
Hi. Um, I'm gonna need a new set of these forms.
I am really an idiot. You see, I was filling out my friend's forms, and instead of putting her information, I put mine.
I think it's totally insane, I mean, they work for the hospital. It's like returning to the scene of the crime. I say we blow off the dates.
Well maybe we can make a "b" out of one of those roses.
It's uh, well, uh, why don't you tell them? After all, it is your ankle.
It will not be fine. We'll get in trouble.
A wuss? Excuse me for living in the real world, ok? Dr.
I said we are not going to do it. Sometimes you can be such a, a big baby.
Yeah, I was supposed to get married, but, um, I left the guy at the altar. Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but hey, that's me. Why don't you try the hummus? Dr.
 Oh, God, I am so spoiled. That's it.
Hi, Dad. No, no, it's me. Listen, Dad, I can't talk right now, um, but there's something, um, there's something that I've been meaning to tell you. Remember back in freshman year? Well, Billy Drestin and I had sex on your bed.
Hello, this is Monica. Yeah? Oh, ok, yes, we'll be right down. Thank you.
We forgot to sign one of the admissions forms.
You just called a little while ago about needing a signature on an admissions form. Well, it turns out we need a whole new one because uh, you see, I, I put the wrong name again. 'Cause um...
Do you really want a job with Popular Mechanics?
Oh, please, that is such a lame excuse!
So I wouldn't need any, right? Cause I have a straight.
Alright, here we go. We've got salmon roulettes and assorted crudites. Phoebe,
Alright, you know, we got it, we got it. Let's play for real. High stakes... big bucks...
And you know what? We want a rematch.
Yeah, I know. He can get really competitive.
Please! I am not as bad as Ross.
That was not an incident! I-I was gesturing, a-and the plate slipped out of my hand.
OK, look. That is Aunt Iris. This woman has been playing poker since she was five. You gotta listen to every word she says.  Hi!
Uh, Aunt Iris? This is Phoebe, and that's Rachel...
OK, great. You'll tell us and we'll laugh. Let's play poker.
Ha, ha, very funny, very funny. But I think we'd like to give poker another try. Shall we, ladies?
You know what? This is not over. We will play you again, and we will win, and you will lose, and you will beg, and we will laugh, and we will take every last dime you have, and you will hate yourselves forever.
OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?
 That's Mindy? Wow, she is pretty.  Lucky. To have had a friend like you. 
Oh, hang on, hang on. Does Aunt Monica get a say in this?
Wait. He pooped in my shoe? Which one?
Those cute little black ones I wear all the time.
Okay, we'll start with the building. You guys take the first and second floor, Phoebe and I'll take third and fourth.
Okay, you stay here, and just wait by the phone. Spray Lysol in my shoe, and wait for Ross to kill you. 
Mr. Heckles, our friend lost a monkey. Have you seen it? Mr.
A monkey. Have you seen a monkey? Mr.
Hi. We checked the third and fourth floor, no-one's seen Marcel.
Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
Look. I'm sure there's some friendly way to reconcile this! Um, have a seat. First of all, we haven't been introduced, I'm Monica Geller.
Be that as it may, d'you think you could just help us out here on that monkey thing? Y'know, just for old times' sake? Go Bobcats?
Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel!  Are you okay?
This is me in The Sound of Music. See the von Trapp kids?
Well, high school was not my favourite time.
Gosh, doesn't it seem like a million years ago?
 Oh my God. You guys! You gotta come see this! There's some creep out there with a telescope!
I can't believe my parents are actually pressuring me to find one of you people.
Look look! It's Rachel and Barry. No, don't everybody look at once!
Rachel, what's going on? I mean isn't this the same Barry who you left at the altar?
Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex- best friend?
THAT's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!
 Look look! He's doing it again, the guy with the telescope!
Yeah.. uh, but for future reference, that thing in your hand can also be used as a phone. 
Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
 Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?
You had SEX in his CHAIR?!... I said that a little too loudly, didn't I?
Why don't you just take it with you?
Just like you told her you did!  ... Just pointing out the irony.
I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
Ross, you've got to do something about the humping.
She's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! Look at this, look. She buys tickets for plays that I wanna see. She, she buys clothes from stores that I'm intimidated by the sales people. She spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
Yeah, well I might be if I had the supplies! I mean, I could do all this stuff. Only I don't.
Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?
This is so unfair! She's got everything I want, and she doesn't have my mother. 
Hi.  Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
 Alright, great. Thanks a lot.  I'm going to tap class.
This woman's got my life, I should get to see who she is.
Oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
Okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?
Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated? 
Great. It's gym class all over again. Phoebe and
Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare. 
You're kidding! I-I spent three years in Amsterdam. 
Y'know what? After you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. I mean, she is this astounding person, with this- with this amazing spirit.
It was so wild. We told them we were the Gunnersens in room six fifteen. Only to find out the Boston Celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor! Fake
So once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
...They threw us out! I was thrown out of a hotel! Me!
Oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a Broadway show.
There's an open call for Cats. I'm thinking we go down there, sing Memories and make complete fools of ourselves. Whaddya say?
Nononononono. Think who you're dealing with here. I mean, I'm not like you. I-I can't even stand in front of a tap class. Fake
Well, that's just probably 'cause of your Amish background.
Right. Till I bought a blow dryer, then I was shunned. Fake
I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back'. And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Wow. Then I would definitely not recommend Mrs. Doubtfire. 
Monica and I just crashed an embassy party.
Nope. Going to the Big Apple Circus today.
No, it is me! Y'know, I'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! Y'know, when I'm with her, I am so much more than that. I'm- I'm Monana! 
I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How- how did you know I was here?
Because... I'm Monica Geller. It was my credit card you were using. Fake
I want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in. Fake
No, thank you! You have given me so much! I mean, if it wasn't for you, I would never have gotten to sing Memories on the stage at the Wintergarden Theatre! Fake
Well, actually, you only got to sing 'Memo-'.
I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus? Fake
Monica, I started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the Big Apple Circus?
There's nothing to wonder about, Monica. You're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
Look at you, you won't even look at him.
Is it like for dinosaur emergencies. 'Help, come quick, they?re still extinct.'
No, of course not. It?s not even an issue. Cause I told him I was 22.
Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt?s to tight, gotta change the belt. Did i turn the fish?  No, cause I made lasagne. Am I out of control?
I don?t know. Look he?s a great guy and I love being with him but... you know. Things happen, and they happen. You don?t plan these things.
Uh, ah. Unless you wanna stay over? I mean, I?m going to, so...
Okay, is this like 'I have an early class tomorrow' or 'I?m secretly married to a goat'?
Listen, uh, you told me something that was really difficult for you. And I, I-I figured if you could be honest, then I can to.
Um, okay, here it goes. I?m not 22. I?m, I?m 25... and thirteen months.
But I figured, you know, that shouldn?t change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are. 
What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn?t alive during the Bicentennial.
Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?
Well, that?s different. My lie didn?t make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
Well,fall out of it. You know, you shouldn?t even be here, it?s a school night. Oh god, oh god. I?m like those women that you see with shiny guys like Chad. I?m Joan Collins.
No. You know, sometimes just things doesn?t work out.
Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now? Joey, Chandler &
This isn?t easy for me either. I wish things were different, I... If you were a few years older, or if I was a few years younger, or if we lived in biblical times, I would really--
I can?t belive it, I?m gonna be an aunt. I?m gonna have like a nephew.
I'm sure everything's fine. Has her water broke yet?
Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?
Get up. Come on. Let's get some coffee.
No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. No, he's gone. No no, you don't have to fly back, really. What do you mean this might be your only chance? Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet. 
 Hi, Ben. Hi. I'm your Aunt Monica. Yes I am. I'm your Aunt Monica. I...I will always have gum. Closing Credits 
Oh, Joey, please tell me you're only donating your time.
OK, we got the cole slaw, we got the buns...
Oh Joey, Melanie called, said she's gonna be late.
Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
Oh no, she's out having drinks with Carl.
You know, that guy she met at the coffeehouse.
Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
So, uh, have you ever thought about being there for her?
I think this is so great! I mean, you and Ross! D-did you have any idea?
No, no, wait.  His flight doesn't leave for another forty-five more minutes.
Yeah, but if it's good news, you should tell him now.
Uh, so, uh, Rach, uh... do you wanna save this wrapping paper, I mean, it's only a little bit torn... so are you gonna go for it with Ross or should I just throw it out?
Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?
Well, it's the thought. Hey, doesn't Ross's flight get in in a couple hours? At gate 27-B?
 No, no, no, no, no, no pressure, no pressure!
I am not 'so'! OK, I was a teensy bit weird at first, but... I'll be good. I promise. 
Behind my brother's back?  ... is exactly the kind of crazy thing you won't be hearing from me.
I'm telling you, she went to the airport, and she's gonna go for it with Ross.
This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
Well, I was thinking, that you gave the guys such great haircuts, I thought, maybe you'd like to do mine?
Sweetie, I wanted you to have him too.
Please, just a little bit off the back.
My god, if I had a nickel for every guy I wish I hadn't--but this is about your horrible mistake.
You know it's funny, the last time Paulo was here, my hair was so much shorter and cuter.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.
That's Dudley Moore. I said I wanted it like Demi Moore.
She's the actress who was in Disclosure, Indecent Proposal, Ghost.
Ok, these were unbelievably expensive, and I know he's gonna grow out of them in like, 20 minutes, but I couldn't resist.
Yeah, uh, it's actually not that big a deal.
Phoebe, listen. You were with me, and we were shopping all day.
Hello? Oh, Hi, Ju-- Hi, Jew! Uh huh? Uh huh? Ok. Um, sure, that'd be great. See ya then. Bye.
Yes. Uh, yes, I did. That was my friend, Eddie Moskowitz. Yeah, he likes it. Reaffirms his faith.
Just out. Had some lunch, just me, little quality time with me. Thanks for your jacket.
You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.
That is an excellent excellent question. That is excellent.
Look, when it started I was just trying to be nice to her because she was my brother's girlfriend. And then, one thing led to another and, before I knew it, we were...shopping.
Honey, wait. We only did it once. It didn't mean anything to me.
Really, Rachel, I was thinking of you the whole time. Look, I'm sorry, all right. I never meant for you to find out.
Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanna, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
Rachel, say that I'm friends with her, we spend some time together. Is that so terrible?
Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
Ok, Mr. Heckles, we'll try to keep it down. Mr.
Stop with the broom, we're not making noise.
I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
Rache, I think we have enough regular lamps.
It doesn't go with any of my stuff.
Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?
Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?
Ok, all right. It was an accident, I swear, all right. I was putting on my jacket, and the thing, and the lamp, and it broke.
You have got to get over this. You're not gonna end up alone.
You are not a freak. You're a guy.
Wait a minute, wait a minute. Yes he is. You are totally different.
No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
No. Um, I know you like this, and I want you to have it. I think it'll look good in our apartment.
Oh, gosh, this is so weird. I mean, his whole life was in this apartment, and now it's gone. You know, I think it would be nice if we just took a few moments, for Mr. Heckles. I mean, he was kind of a pain, he was, but, he was a person. You're all going to hell.
I'm at work, ordinary day, you know, chop chop chop, sauti, sauti, sauti. All of a sudden, Leon, the manager, calls me into his office. It turns out they fired the head lunch chef, and guess who got the job.
Fortunately, it is me. And, they made me head of purchasing, thank you very much. Anyway, I just ran into Ross and Chandler downstairs, and they think we should go out and celebrate. You know, someplace nice.
Who has her own little desk when Roland's not there.
Yes, I will start with the carpaccio, and then I'll have the grilled prawns.
If it makes anybody feel better, then we can just forget the thing, and we'll just do the gift.
I don't know, Chandler. Let's take a look.
Why, it's dinner for six. 5 steaks, and an eggplant for Phoebe.
Yeah, we switched meat suppliers at work, and the new guys gave me the steaks as sort of a thank-you.
It's on us, all right, so don't worry. It's our treat.
All right. We're gonna go. It's not for another six hours. We're gonna go then.
You know what? I'm not gonna be able to enjoy this.
You know, the guys are probably having a great time.
Oh my god, little Stevie Fisher? How've you been?
Yeah, ours pretty much sucked, oh, but, I did run into little Stevie Fisher. Remember him?
That would be the work of a Blowfish.
 Yeah, hi, it's Monica. I just got a page.
Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
Chandler, I'm unemployed and in dire need of a project. Ya wanna work out? I can remake you.
Nothing, just never seen you in little stretchy pants before.
OK, if you say stop, then we stop.
No, c'mon, we can't stop, c'mon, we've got three more pounds to go. I am the energy train and you are on board. Woo-woo, woo-woo, woo-woo  Woo.
No way, with one pound to go, c'mon. We're workin', we're movin', we're in the zone we're groovin'.
Ooh, what'cha gonna do, fat boy, huh? What?
Y'know, I try to stay positive. . .
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!
 Do not start without me. Do not start without me.
 There are no jobs. There are no jobs for me.
Wait a minute. I thought last night was great.
We are talking about Rachel here. You and Rachel.
So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear. Mr.
 I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that. Mr.
Just waiting for it to stop bubbling. Mr.
Abso......lutely. See, I love creating new recipes. I love Thanksgiving. And, well, now, I love Mockolate. Mr.
Especially the after taste, you know, I'll tell ya, that'll last ya till Christmas.
Ok, this is pumpkin pie with mockolate cookie crumb crust. This is mockolate cranberry cake, and these are mockolate chip cookies. Just like the Indians served. 
You know, that's true. You'd be a great person to have around the day after an emergency.
Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate? 
Now, in some of these recipes, the quantities may seem just a little unusual, uh, like these coconut mockolate holiday nut bars. I've indicated four cups of coconut, and four cups of crushed nut, and only, uh, one tablespoon of mockolate. Mr.
 Listen, I... I don't think this is the best time.
Oh, not at all. I have no morals and I need the cash. Mr.
Oh, actually this year we just made him homemade cookies.
Money is so impersonal. Cookies says someone really cares. . . Alright, we're broke, but cookies do say that.
Oh look, and he did my crossword puzzle.
Look at these authentic fake medals. I tell ya, mom's gonna be voted best dressed at the make-believe military academy. 
Honey, uh, this is a picture of the frame guy posing in front of a bright blue screen with a collie.
How do you know exactly what she's going through?
You guys haven't gotten your presents yet? Tomorrow's Christmas Eve, what're ya gonna do?
Well, maybe the mailman liked the cookies, we just didn't give him enough.
For the sixteenth time, no... I do not think you're obsessive. 
Rach, get the heat.  Ross, could you turn the heat down please?
No, if he doesn't like our cookies, too bad, I am not gonna be blackmailed. Look if worse comes to worse, it gets a little warm, we'll call it a theme party.
 Ice, ice, ice squares anyone? Take a napkin. Alright.
Really? I'm perfectly comfortable.  Hey, hey, hey, get in line buddy, I was next. 
So, wait, you really did like my cookies? Mr.
Hey, we could have used that kind of thinkin' earlier.
You were so amazing as the king. I was really impressed, I was.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait one minute. Wait a minute. I believe this will change your mind.  In a mediocre play, Joseph Tribbiana was able to achieve brilliant new levels of... continued on page 153... sucking. Credits
Oh, isn't he? Oh, you know, I really think this time it may work with him. I mean, he just makes me feel so good and I've been feeling so lousy this last couple of months, no job, no boyfriend. Well, at least my cup is half full.
And for our two-week anniversary, he's gonna take me to his cousin's cabin for the weekend.
So what. So he drank a lot tonight.
Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
You know what? It seems like you've been making an awful lot of stuff Irish lately. Fun
Look, maybe this is none of my business, or maybe it is, I don't know... but, uh, I'm kind of worried about you. Fun
Oh, he's sober alright. Just turns out that Fun Bobby was fun for a reason.
Ahhh, hey honey? Don't you have to be at your interview now? Fun
Not that bad? Did you hear the hammer story?
But I'm gonna be there... for the rest of my life. I mean, I can't break up with him. I'm the one who made him quit drinking. He's dull because of me.
She's just upset because she, uh, she buttered a spider into her toast this morning.
See? They're as different as night and... later that night.
Yes, I would like something.  No, no thank you. Fun
No, no really. I.. I wouldn't feel right about it.  Just some water. Fun
 I'd like a scotch on the rocks with a twist.
Bobby and I are going away for the weekend, remember?
Oh no no, this is not for him, this is for me. That way he's still sober but I find his stories about shoelaces much more amusing. 
Hi. I'll be ready in just a second. Fun
Oh God, you fell off the wagon. Fun
What these?  Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes. Fun
Yes! Carol and Susan's caterer had a mountain bike accident this weekend, and she's in a full body cast. Ross, Chandler &
They want me to do it, which is really cool, seeing as I've never catered before, and I really need the money, and this isn't a problem for you, is it?
They love each other, and they wanna celebrate that love with the people that are close with them.
God, this is so hard. I can't decide between lamb or duck.
 All right. Tell me if this is too cute. Lesbian wedding, chicken breasts.
Why? It's not like I'm putting little nipples on them.
Is there any chance that you can look at this as flattering? I mean, she's doing it because she wants to be more like you.
Um, you guys, you know when I said before, "thank you, but I don't really need your help"?
Really? Weird. Anyway, see, I planned everything really well. I planned and I planned and I planned. It just turns out, I don't think I planned enough time to actually do it.
All right, look, nobody's smoking pot around all this food. Mrs.
I'm dicing, I'm dicing, I don't hear anything. Mrs.
All right people, we're in trouble here. We've only got 12 hours and 36 minutes left. Move, move, move!
Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?
All right, look, Ross. I realize that you have issues with Carol and Susan, and I feel for you, I do. But if you don't help me cook, I'm gonna take a bunch of those little hot dogs, and I'm gonna create a new appetizer called "pigs in Ross". All right, ball the melon.
It's goin' great. Right on schedule. Got my little happy helpers. 
You're still gonna pay me, right? Or something a little less selfish.
You heard the woman. Peel, chop, devil! I can't believe I lost 2 minutes. 
Ok, which one of us do you think is gonna be the first one to get married?
All right, just trying to start an interesting discussion.
 'Dear Dr. Remore, know that I love you and would do anything to have you.' Gosh. 'Your not- so-secretive admirer, Erica Ford.' Ooh wait, 'PS enclosed please find 14 of my eyelashes.'
This wasn't addressed to Days of Our Lives, this is, this came to your apartment. There's no stamp on it, this woman was in our building.
I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker. What i-, what is she like.
Ah, and I mean, he's going out with her? He can not persue this.
Rachel, it's a world where Joey is a neuro-surgeon.
And then he told me he would run away with me, and he didn't. 
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
Jean-Claude Van Damme. I didn't know he was in this movie, he is so hot.
The muscles from Brussels, wham bam Van Damme, did you see Time Cop?
Oh Rachel don't, don't you dare, don't, don't. Tell him I cook.
Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
Oh, I'll have an espresso. Oh acutally, I'll get it. If I ask you to, you'll probably end up drinking it yourself.
Ya know, you had no right to go out with him.
I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy?  Can you beat up that guy? Van
This is so wild. Ya know, I gotta admit, I was kinda surprised that you agreed to go on a blind date. Van
Well, what made you make the exception for me? Van
Rachel, you say you're sorry or your sweater gets it.
I'm sorry that I made you stop seeing him.
But no. Maybe if I were baking. Monica and
Oh, that's there on the bottom, see the manager, Chandler Bing.
A salad? Really I, I could do something a little more complicated if you like.
Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
Yeah, I think that fifth shower actually got the interview off me.
Oh yeah, well there's the possibility that I won't make rent.
No no no, if I couldn't pay you back right away then I'd feel guilty and tense every time I saw you.
Man, man that is sharp. It must have cost you quite a few doubloons.
Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room? Mr.
No, but that's probably 'cause I haven't asked them yet.
Um, yeah, so uh, uhh, listen, I'm sorry I didn't tell you this before but umm, I, I'm no longer at my job, I, I had to leave it. Mrs.
Nothin', nothin', hey you're a cheapasaurus. I'm kidding, I'm kidding, thank you, I'm very greatful.
Oh, um, that was my bathing suit from high school. I was uh, a little bigger then.
You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
Shoot, I think I got mayonaise on you.
Dad, it is not. What's with the red light? Mr.
Ya know, Roy saw Star Wars 317 times. His name was in the paper.
I just told Rachel that Roy touched my boob.
If you're not going then I don't want to go either.
Rose Marie really belongs on a smaller screen, doesn't she? 
Tonight you're supposed to waitress for me, my catering thing, any of those words trigger anything for you?
Yes but my mom got me this job.
Really Phoebs? Because, you know, you'd have to be an actual waitress. This can't be like your 'I can be a bear cub' thing.
Thank you. This is my friend Phoebe. She's gonna be helping me tonight. Dr.
I've been great, just great. How have you been?  Dr.
You've got to get back out there, it's your party. Dr.
Alright, I'll tell you what. I'll come get you in 5 minutes with some sort of um, kabob emergency. Dr.
Dr. Burke? I don't think so. I mean, like, he's a grown up.
Phoebe, he's a friend of my parents. He's like 20 years older than me.
Not never. I mean, I'm gonna see him tomorrow at my eye appointment.
Well yeah, but, you know, uh, 27 is a dangerous eye age.
Good, they feel good, in my head. Dr.
Thanks. So, I guess I better be going. Dr.
Alright, but I'm very excited about this OK, so you gotta promise you won't get all big-brothery and judgmental.
Well for your information he happens to be one of the brightest, most sophisticated, sexiest men I've ever been with.
I've not seen her since high school graduation. Oh my God, that night she got so dru. . . motional. Dr.
I don't know, maybe. I mean I'm dating a man who's pool I once peed in. Dr.
So maybe we should just. . . Dr.
Well, we don't really have to decide anything right now, do we? Dr.
I can't believe you guys are actually getting tattoos.
Ross, come sign this birthday card for dad. Rich is gonna be here any minute.
Well, he's my parents' best friend, he has to be there.
Yeah. It's my dad's birthday, I decided to give him a stroke.
No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.
OK, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know what? Ross, let's - let's switch places. You get in the middle. No un-, ya know, unless this looks like we're trying to cover something up.
Finger cramp. Oh God, sorry. Here, let me get that mom. Mrs.
Maybe we should just tell your parents first.
God, you are so lucky. I mean, I mean. . . you know what I mean.
You remember that video I found of mom and dad?
Nothing, I just heard something nice about you.
No, a doctor of meat. Of course he's a real doctor. And he's handsome, and he's sweet, and know you'd like him.  Mrs.
Al-alright, l-look you guys, this is the best relationship I've been in. . . Mrs.
Yes, a relationship. For your information I am crazy about this man.
Dad, dad this is a good thing for me. Ya know, and you even said yourself, you've never seen Richard happier. Mr.
Upstairs in the bathroom right before you felt up mom. 
So, are you sorry that I told them?
Oh. Well did you get it? Let me see.
I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
Never call me from that phone. OPENING TITLES
Damnit Ross, get your butt out of the bathroom.
Your boyfriend has been in there for over an hour. I can't believe it, it's like I'm living with him again. He's here when I go to sleep, he's here when I wake up, he's here when I want to use the shower, ughh. It's like I'm sixteen all over again.
I hope you cleaned your hair out of the drain.
But I thought you wanted to live by yourself.
I promise you, he would definitely want you back.
Hi sweetie, look before I forget, did I leave my diaphram at your place? Hi mom. 
I can't believe he has a new roommate. Who is this guy?
Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
Not that, this, US. Oh my God, Ross, you-re, you're, it's jus-, you-, ever sin- you been here.
I just can't stand you being here all the time.
Ross, I hated you when we were kids.
Yes. I hated you. I mean I, I, loved you in a 'you're my brother so I have to' kind of way, but basically, yeah, I hated your guts.
Because, you were mean to me and you, you teased me and you always, always got your way.
Now I love you. And not just 'cause I have to.
Yeah. You're just gonna have to stop pissing me off.
If you really want to watch that Serengetti thing, you can.
Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.
Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.
Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?
Two it is. Ok, time for bed, I'm gonna go brush my teeth. 
Ok, it is definitely less than a ballpark. 
Well, it just seems like a really small number.
And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
Wow. Oh wow. You know I love you too, right.
Hi. Richard just told me he loves me.
Hi. Uh, we'll be right there, we're just trying to decide something. 
Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.
It's not gonna happen. They're doing it tonight, we can do it tomorrow.
And some of us really have to pee. 
Um, I straightened out your shower curtain so you won't get mildew. What? To me that's nice.
Wow, for a guy who's recently lost his job, you're in an awfully good mood.
Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
It is nothing like the Hobbit. It's like reading about every relationship I've ever had, except for Richard.
You go girl. I can't pull that off can I?
Woah, woah, woah, let's go back to 29.
Huuh, alright, Danny Arshak, ninth grade. Oh, c'mon Rach, you know the bottle was totally pointing at me.
One hour? You are such a leaf blower. 
So on this road trip, did you guys win any money?
Guys, look what I found in the drain. It's some of Richard's hair. What do I do with this?
It's weird, but, you know, I don't want to throw this away. I mean, this is like all I have left of him... gRoss, drain hair. Eww! 
I know. I know. But I'm so tired of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why he hasn't called.  Why hasn't he called?
 Because I don't work at the Szechwan Dragon.
Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
I'll bet he's totally over me. I'll bet he's fine.
Okay, this isn't working. I'm still awake and now I have to pee. 
 So, I went down to the Post Office. It turns out it was the videos I ordered for Richard about the Civil War.  He loved the Civil War.
Uh-huh.  Or maybe to a galaxy far, far away. 
I don't. I just like the smell of them.  So, what are you really doing here, Dad?
What makes you think that I might not be okay?
Fine. Just a little tired. I'm okay. How's Richard doing?
Well, do you think he was waiting til after you left so he could cry?
Hold on a second, I just got in.
Is that message old or new?  Old or new, old or new!?!?
But what if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk. He could have something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
 If it is a new message, what is he calling to say?
I called him.  I got his machine and I left him a message. But it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. Because you know, it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy.  Oh god, what if it wasn't breezy?
I got it. I will play my message for you guys and you can tell me if it's breezy enough.
I know the code to his answering machine.
He's seeing someone. I can't believe he's seeing someone.
Michelle. Of course, it was Michelle. Did it sound like Michelle?
 Okay, I've gotta call Michelle. I've gotta see if that was her voice or not. I'm sorry. I just have to.
Okay. That was her, right?  So, there you go. Wooo. We're out of the woods. I think I'll get dressed now. 
Uh, Michelle.  Yeah, that was me. I dialed your number by mistake.  You're so sweet.  Yeah, we were a great couple.  I know. I really miss him.  Well, you know how it is...
 ...Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my own message. I mean, that's allowed.  Yuh-uh! You know, I would really appreciate it if you wouldn't tell your dad...  What do you mean you don't feel comfortable with this? Come on! We're friends!  That bitch always hated me. I'm gonna call her back.
Hi, Richard. It's Monica. Listen, I did something kind of crazy tonight. Maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Anyway, I beeped into your machine and I heard this message that freaked me out. You know what, Michelle will tell you the rest. I'm sorry, okay, and I hope that we can just forget the whole thing. Okay. Bye.
Outgoing? Did that say outgoing? Not outgoing!  Monica 
Phoebe, we could call the phone company. Maybe they could change the message. Maybe they could change his number.
I know! And four ninety-nine for a pillow top queen set, who cares about the divorce, those babies will sell themselves.  And I'm appalled for you by the way. Matress
 Oh! Ohhhhh! Oh! Phoebe, come here. Aw, this is my new bed. You gotta feel this bad boy.
 Quick, take off your dress, he won't notice the bed.
Joey, you're this guy's teacher. I mean how could you do this?
Yeah, I talked to you on the phone, I'm the lady that got stuck with the racecar bed.
That's okay, this is more important than fruit   on my ceiling! You broke up?!
Okay, all right don't judge me to much. Okay? Um, but I saw this info-mercial, and um, I swear to you I have never-ever bought anything on TV before, except for this mop. But there was this stuff on leg waxing, it just, it looked so amazing....
Hello! Organic substances recently discovered in the depths of the rain forest!
No. It was painful. Oh my God , they should call it Pain-zine, now with a little wax.
That's because their nerves are probably deadened from being so stupid. But hey, y'know if you don't believe me, please, by my guest.
Now, are you glad we didn't start with the bikini strips? 
Oh!!  You guys knew about this and you didn't tell us?!
 What, what are you doing? You can't go out there.
Hey. It's three in the morning. They don't know that I've come home yet. You notice how neither one of them are wondering where I am.
Jellyfish sting! Oh, it hurts! It hurts!! It hurts!!
Oh damn the jellyfish. Damn all the jellyfish!
Well forget it! It doesn?t hurt that  baaad!!!!
My God, you can?t even look at me! Can you?
What? We took a walk, nothing happened. I can back with nothing all over me. Ross and
 All right!! All right.  I got stung. Stung bad. I couldn?t stand. I-I couldn?t walk.
You can?t say that!! You-you don?t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn?t...bend that way. So...  Phoebe, Ross, and
?Cause I ran into him at the bank, he is still soo cute.
I know!!   Chip? Hi! It?s Monica.  ?Kay.  ?Kay.  Okay.  Okay, good-bye.  Oh my God, we just had the best conversation!! 
Now? Is it okay if I go out with Chip Matthews?
Come on, that was back in high school! How could that still bother you?
Look, you and I went to different high schools...
You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip?s motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
It was a project for one of the Home Ec classes.
Back then, I thought that I would never, ever get the chance to go out with a Chip Matthews, and now he?s-he?s called me up and asked me out. And the fat girl inside of me really wants to go. I-I owe her this. I never let her eat.
Why can?t you use the phone in here?
 Huh? What?d ya say Joe? I?ll be right there.  
 Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! Not yet! 
Oh my God! You still have the Chipper!
That?s what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you?re Chip. Nevermind.
Umm. Well, there?s Rachel, and umm, I think that?s it. How bout you?
Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, ?cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don?t even know where you work?
Thanks, I?m set. Do you still live with your parents?
Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
Well, tonight, I actually went out with Chip Matthews in high school.
No, it?s okay, not only did I get to go out with Chip Matthews, I got to dump Chip Matthews.
Hey, we can take her back with you if you want.
I just told my Mom I?d cater a party for her.
Because I need the money, and I thought that it?d be a great way to get rid of that last little schmidgen of self-respect.
You don?t have to stick up for her. She can?t here you.
Doing great, the quiches are coming along. Mrs.
 Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I?m good.
Oh yeah, she didn?t hire me out of pity, it wasn?t so she could pick on me in front of her friends, she actually thinks I?m good.
Oh, I know, I never wear fake ones. I just did it so my Mom wouldn?t give me grief about me biting them.
 Oh my God. Wait a minute, I had them put?  Oh my God! It?s in the quiche! Oh My God!
Okay ah, please don?t freak out. Umm, but ah, there?s a blue fingernail in one of the quiche cups, and there?s no way to know which one.
What? You bet I?d lose a nail? Mrs.
You bet that I?d screw up?! So all that stuff about hiring me because I was good was? Mrs.
You promised Dr. Weinburg, you?d never use that phrase. Mrs.
 That?s right. My Mom doesn?t have any faith in me! Oh, that?s hilarious! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Ohh, I?m such an idiot. I can?t believe I actually thought she could change.
 All right, I?ll go down there. But, I?m not gonna serve the lasagna. I?m gonna serve something I make. 
So if everyone liked it, and you liked it, that would make this a success. Which would make you? Mrs.
Well, I was going for wrong, but we can use your word. Mrs.
That really means a lot. Oh, and Mom, don?t bite your nails.
Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War? 
You just put an empty carton back in the fridge!
Joey, please don?t do that. I think it?s best that we just forget about it.
Wow! And you got a petticure. Your feet are all dressed up.
I told you not to go down there!
Now Joey, you go down there and you suck up to him. I mean you suck like you?ve never sucked before!
Oh, would you let it go already?! You?re fine! 
Well, you could actually go to the gym. 
Well, next time your massaging him, you should try and distract yourself.
Yes you did! You did like a little hop.
 You know the words! You are so into this!
All right, then show me some manly moves.
Just go up to her and ask her out.  Oh, what's the worst thing that could happen?
Phoebe! You're sick, you shouldn't play. You should just go home, get in bed, and stay there.
 Ooh, umm, oh Kathy! Kathy, I love you! Oh! 
Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
So, did you play in college?  sweatshirt he's wearing.)
It's this dumb thing that Ross made up `cause he was trying to fool our parents. It's a way of giving the finger, without actually having to give it. I remember I cried the night you made it up, `cause it was the first time that I realized that I was actually cooler than my older brother.
Oh come on! You're making it sound worse than it actually was.
 Oh gosh, Phoebe, I think I caught your cold.
Hey Rach, could you get me some cough drops?
 You have nothing! You're not even going out! You're her baby sitter! You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!' 
That's mine!! Now, would you both please start acting like adults? And get me my cough drops!
Probably the only time I'll ever say this, but did you see the ass on her?
 Yeah, once again, I am sorry. Thank you. Bye.  I just had to turn down a job catering a funeral for sixty people.
Because I don't have the money or the equipment to handle something that big on such short notice. I mean there's no way.
Really? Cause I'd need like $500 for all the food and the supplies and stuff.
Oh my God, it was the best funeral ever! I mean, everyone loved the food, and guess what? I even got another funeral for tomorrow--the dead-guy-from-today's best friend. I mean, it is like I am the official caterer for that accident!
Thanks. Like, check out my new catering stuff.  Look at this! I'm an omelet station! Omelet? Made to order!
Oh. Well, I didn't realize that you needed it back right away. I mean, you told me to go and be a caterer. So I went. I beed. I mean, I... I used it to buy all this stuff. But look--I've got another job tomorrow, so I'll pay you back with the money I make from that.
Excuse me, Mrs. Burkart? Well, we're all cleaned up in the kitchen. Mrs.
Um, and, well there's the.. the the small matter of... Mrs.
Oh, Phoebe, she couldn't stop crying! With those thick glasses, her tears looked giant.
Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking?
Phoebe, she sounded pretty upset to me.  Mrs.
Maybe I can try at intermission? Phoebe, come on... you know what? Let's just go!
I'm gonna leave some cards here. Please think of us for you next event.
Oh, it was great! The widow wouldn't pay, so Phoebe yelled at her 'til she did.
And I'm a wuss. And we should be partners.
Wait a minute, Phoebe! We should be partners. We should be catering partners. I mean, think about it! You're not working right now, and we have such a great time together!
I can cook and you can take care of the money.
Hi. Uh, you... you don't know me, I'm Monica Geller... Ross's sister.
Yeah. Anyway, he told me about your apartment. And, um, I couldn't sleep, thinking about it. So, uh, would it be okay if I cleaned it? 
Oh God! Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was totally worth it. Oh my God, I completely forgot about your sound.
He used to lock himself in the basement for hours. No one was every allowed to hear, "The Sound."
Oh God bless my dad sound proofing the basement!
 Y'know, there?s a Starbucks about three blocks down.
You obviously haven?t screwed over a lot of your friends.  Which we all appreciate.
Okay, so you were trying to play bad this whole time.
Well, maybe you could give to somebody else. Ooh, like Ross Geller.
What is wrong with this freezer?!  Ow! Ow!!
Oh my God, ice just got in my eye!
Oh, y?know what, I can?t, it really kills.
No, my eye doctor is Richard! I can?t go to him when I don?t have a boyfriend!
Like I remember his office number!  Speed dial 7.
Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?
Oh no-no-no, not Dr. Burke. Dr. Burke is out of town. The-the on-call doctor will see me now.
I was probably waiting for it to open.
Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad?  Come on, one of us had to mention him.
 Oh.  So you made her walk the plank? Aye, matie?
Hey, come on, Phoebe, you understand don?t you?
Fine! Judge all you want to but,  married a lesbian,  left a man at the altar,  fell in love with a gay ice dancer,  threw a girl?s wooden leg in a fire,  livin? in a box!! 
 I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it! I?ll get it!  Hi, Tim.
Thank you. Come meet my friends. This is uh, Phoebe.
Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
Y?know all my friends think this is weird.
I know! I mean it?s like me and your dad, that?s a totally separate thing.
We?re just two people who find each other very attractive. Right? 
No-no-no that was good, it was, that was uh, that was a goood kiss?
All right, umm, we?re not gonna really keep it this way though.
 Remember that guy from cooking school I told you about that put cilantro with everything?
Well, I?m gonna fill in for him as food critic for the Chelsea Reporter.
Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence? dozens of people.
Oh no-no-no, it?s only one night a week, and plus I get to take all of you out for a lot of free dinners.
All right, were you guys smoking something in the back of our van?
All right, look at my on the back page.
Hey, they don?t pay me a penny a word to make friends.
Oh! Do you need me to go with you?
Oh my God, oh my God.  Call me on the phone!
Look, I-I?m never gonna let you up so you may as well just go away.
I couldn?t eat it! I had five friends who couldn?t eat it, and one of them eats books.
The waiter carried the breadsticks in his pants!
All right, that I?ll retract. But I stand by my review, I know food and that wasn?t it. You?re marinara sauce tasted like tomato juice! You should serve it with vodka and a piece of celery.
Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
Hand me those tomatoes, I?m gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
Okay, the owner of Allesandro?s came over to yell at me, but instead I made him some sauce, and he offered me the job as head chef!!
Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
You got the job?! Why didn?t you tell me?
Ohh! Umm, Phoebe, I kinda need to talk to you about that.  Umm, well I-I-I think it might be time for me to take a step back from catering.
I know, but now we have this second one and it just, it feels like it?s snowballing, y?know?
I got offered the head chef job at Allesandro?s.
It?s okay, ?cause y'know what? You don?t really need me for the business.
All right. But umm, I-I-I?ll pay you back all the money you invested, and you can keep the van.
 Ohh, here you are. Y?know, I?m-I?m glad you decided to hear me out.
I?ve been doing a lot of thinking. A lot! And umm, well, I came up with a whole bunch of businesses you can do with your van. Okay umm, you could be flower delivery person.
All right, I?ve got a whole bunch of uh-uh, stuff in this area, but umm, I?m getting the feeling that you don?t want to deliver.
Okay. I?m guessing that if you don?t want to deliver, you probably don?t want to pick stuff up either.
Yeah, y'know I-I made a commitment to you. Y?know what, it?d be, it?d be fun.
Ohh, everybody at the restaurant still hates me.
I thought I was making headway, everyone was smiling at me all day, I get off work and I find out that they wrote this  on my chef?s hat. 
I mean I have not been picked on this much since kindergarten and they had to bring in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me. 
I mean they?re trying to do everything they can to make me quit, and if there were any other job, I would. But this is something I?ve been waiting for my whole life.
I would love too, but I can?t! I mean I just can?t, you know that I?m not good at confrontation.
That?s a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?
Didn?t your dad used to call you Pumpkin?
 All right, I?m gonna go to work. Does anybody have a problem with that?
You want a problem? I?ll give you a problem!
You bet your ass, I?m gonna fire you! Thank you.
They baked it. I can?t take this anymore. I?m gonna call a meeting tonight, I?m gonna fire you tonight.
Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight?s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag?Why is nobody writing these down? The
Because your all gonna make up fake specials and make me cook them like you did the other night? The
Okay, forget the specials for a minute. Umm, all right here?s the thing, for the last two weeks I have umm,  tried really hard to create a positive atmosphere? The
 A positive atmosphere! But I-I-I have had it up to here.  From now on, it is gonna be my way, or the highway! All right? Does anybody have a problem with that?!!  Hey new guy! I said, does anybody have a problem with that?!
Joey, we had a deal. That-that?s why you?re here! I?ve got to fire you!
I need more swordfish.  Can you get me some more swordfish? Kitchen
Okay! Very funny! Somebody let me out please?! Come on, I?m cold!  And covered in marinara sauce! Come on! Let me out!  The
 I?m a good person. And I?m a good chef, and I don?t deserve to have marinara sauce all over me! Y?know what, if you want me to quit this bad, then all you have to do is?
Well if you want a problem? I?ll give you a problem!
You bet your ass I?m gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!!  All right! Anybody else got a problem? How ?bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now? The
How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it?s funny now? The
Good! Now, take those salads to table 4,  And you! Get the swordfish!  And you! Get a haircut!
Yeah, like you?re gonna be pregnant. I mean pregnant.
We just want you to think it through.
In the beginning where y?know it?s all sex and talking and sex and talking and?
So big deal, so Joey?s had a lot of girlfriends, it doesn?t mean he?s great in bed.
Sweetie, with you it?s gonna be different. The sex is gonna be great, ?cause you-you guys are in love.
I eat by myself in the alley because everybody hates me.
Well, it was the first time. Y?know, there?s not always a lot of agreement the first time.
All right, I?m gonna show you something a lot of guys don?t know. Rach, give me that pad, please?  All right. Now?
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones.  You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
 Now, most guys will hit uh, 1-2-3 and then go to 7 and set up camp.
All right uh, the important thing is to take your time, you want to hit ?em all, and you mix ?em up. You gotta keep them on their toes.
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4,  2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7, ?7..?7?7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7?! 
Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?
Boy, you are really not a morning person.
I just?I can?t believe that you think that you and Chandler know me and Rachel better than we know you.
That does not mean you know us better, I-I want a rematch.
Yeah! And the winner gets a hundred bucks.
You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
You guys are dead, I am so good at lighting rounds.
How about we play for more money, say 150?
I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
Rachel, I have not missed one question the whole game. I own this game! Look at my hand. 
No! Steady as a rock! Now, are you with me.
It?s umm, it has something to do with transponding.
That?s not even a word! I can get this! I can get this! 
Man, I feel like I?m coming down with something.
Yeah.  I bet you can?t guess what color my tonsils are? I?ll bet the apartment!
Look Rach, we have to move. I mean if they had lost, we would?ve made them get rid of the birds. Right?
All right, look, I hate this as much as you, but if it makes you feel better, it?s all your fault.
Chinadolor Bong, come on, we steal that TV Guide every week!
It?s only been a couple of hours, so just give it some time.
Hey, Rach, can you give me a hand with this box?
Hey, don?t mix those up, you could really ruin that lollipop.
Hey, we would still be living here if hadn?t gotten the question wrong!
Yeah, I think I have some around here somewhere. Why?
Hey, Rach! I made a pile of your stuff over on this side of the room. If you could just??throw your purses at it.
Oh my God, are you out of a job?
Umm, excuse me, we switched apartments. You can?t eat are food anymore, that-that gravy train had ended.
If you have the big apartment you have to deal with people coming over all the time. That fridge has got to be stocked, okay, that?s your department now.  
Oh, I was thinking about having people over for the game.
 Please, it?s a relief is what it is, is what it is.
Yeah, I?ve just been fiddling around in here making delicious treats for everyone.
No, wait, please don?t go! I?ve got porn for you too!
People are supposed to wanna hang out here!
I?m the hostess! Not those guys! I?m always the hostess! I mean, I was always the hostess, I mean even when I was little, I mean the girls brought their dollies to my tea party, I-I served the best air.
?Cause they took our apartment, I wanted to punish them. But I?m-I?m done now. They?ve suffered enough.
All right then, when I?m done with this place, it?s gonna be ten times better than that place!
Pretty much.  So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
So I made snacks. Please, just hang out okay? I?m just gonna rest my eyes just a little bit.
Oh no-no-no, stay, stay, stay, just keep talking. I?m always the hostess. 
Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do? ?
Didn't it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did? ?
They wouldn't have put it there if it didn't do something! How can you not care? ?
This switch thing has been driving me crazy. So I turned it off and checked every outlet. Now, four of them don't work. Which means, one of them has to be controlled by the switch. So, I plugged in things in all four of the outlets that-that make noise, so that way, when I turn it on I just follow the noise and find out which one it is. ?
Yeah, well, I'm using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go.  I hear something! I hear something! Where is it?  ?
I know that switch does something, okay? So-so I went down to city hall and got these. All I had to do was pay $25 and wait in line for three hours. ?
Oh, just some pictures I made and hung up. I thought they'd brighten up the place. They do don't you think? ?  ?
I know that there's no hole there, I just really liked that picture. ?  ?
Okay, but there is a wire back there! I mean that switch is connected to something! ?
I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did. ?
No. It disappears back there behind that baseboard. For a minute there, I thought it went downstairs. ?  ?
But it didn't. Say hello to Mrs. Catrokis. ?
All right. The super couldn't figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn't figure out what it did. I've had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up. ?
I guess Joey was right, it does nothing. . ?
Y?know what? It really creeps me out choosing other people?s sex clothes.
Well, you?re making him a frieze salad with goat cheese and pine nuts, wild nuts, wild rice, roast asparagus, and salmon au croup.
Yeah, you were, but you decided to make salmon because you had some left over at the restaurant. And then you realised if you  bitched about it, then you  would stop cooking, and you  would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Oh, sure it does! In high school, you weren?t jealous at all even though all your girlfriends were cheating on you!
Look, all we?re trying to say is, don?t let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.
Y?know what? I am really tired of your bellyaching! Okay, I-I worked really hard at making this a nice place for us to live!
Shut up! This place is a hole! OPENING
Hey, guys, what-what should I wear to a Knicks game?
Have you even had a girl up here?
 All right boys, last chance for the tickets!
You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
No! Ace is low! Ace, two, three, four! 
As a thank you, Rachel and I will kiss for one minute. 
Chandler, that?s like your fourth cup of coffee!
He?s in a different room! He?s really that loud?
Y?know I used to go out with this guy that was a really light sleeper, and whenever I started to snore, he would just roll me over...
He would just roll me over and I would stop snoring.
Ugh, she?s upstairs not doing the dishes! And I tell ya something! I?m not doing them this time! I don?t care if those dishes sit in the sink until they?re all covered with-I?ll do them when I get home!
Oh my God! Ohh! Look at this one! It?s so beautiful!
Oh, yes, umm, I?m here to pick up a dress that you have on hold. The
Does she use the cups? Yes! I believe she does. Does she use the plates? Yes! I believe she does.  
Oh. Thank you. Ohhh, thank you very much. Oh, thank you for coming.  Uh, just a second!
Can you just hold on for one minute?
Look at me! My big concern is what?s real?!  Oh my God. We?re really sad, aren?t we?
Yeah. I mean it was kinda fun for a while, but didn?t you start feeling silly?
Well, are you asleep right now, Joe? 'Cause I don?t think you have to wear it unless you are!
Ohh, sweetie!  Hey, I bet you anything that he?s gonna call you again.
Again. Y?know what? I think we all did.
Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time.  Maybe someday, there will be. 
Oh God! He?s gonna come by and borrow some candles for his big date!
No-no, Rachel, don?t get it! He can?t see us!
Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.  This is everybody, this is Chandler, and Phoebe, and Joey, and- you remember my brother Ross?
Ohh, this is soo amazing! I can?t believe my brother?s getting married! And in London! It?s so romantic!
You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren?t there. Just say you?ll think about it, okay?
You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
You don?t have a car. And your license expired.
That's also like the tenth time you told us.
What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you're having a party and we're not invited?
Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got!  Can you believe they make these for little people?
Okay, look at this one. This is my favourite. 
I know! Phoebe is gonna love dressing them in these!
Because she's not gonna get to keep the babies.
Wait a minute! Unless, we give her all gifts she can use after she's done being pregnant. Like-like umm, regular coffee, Tequila.
Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That's great. So how-how are things going?
Wait, you can't have the baby here! I mean I haven't sterilised it since the guys moved out!
Aww, sweetie, but it's not like you're not gonna have anything. You're gonna have nieces and nephews, and some ways that's even better.
I mean, you're the one they're gonna come to when they wanna run away from home, and the one they talk to about sex.
Guys, hurry up! The flight leaves in four hours! It could take time to get a taxi! There could be traffic! The plane could leave early! When we get to London, there could be a line at customs! Come on!! 
Myself. Y'know for remembering to pack a thing. Yeah, you do a good thing, you get a check!  My mom does it, I never realised it was weird.
Okay, if you need the vacuum, it's in my closet on the left-hand side. Ah, the garbage bags are next to the refrigerator...
All right, y'know what? We really are late! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!!
Yeah, y'know, but something like salmon which would be so much more elegant than the chicken. And, you wouldn't have to worry about the salmonella.  So, I can't wait to see this place you're getting married!
 Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened.
They torn it down a few days early.
Oh my God. You're even dumber than I am!
Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That's what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake , with the little people on top.  Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
And the musicians, look, they can go over here , okay? And the chairs can face this way , and...  You go.
Ohh. And I don't even have a date.
Dad, dad. We got it!! We Got It!!!
Ha ha, a joke that's funny in all countries. 
Well I didn't want everyone to think I was stupid.
My mother's driving me crazy, but Ross is getting married. I'm happy.  I'm not going to let anything spoil that. Drunk
Oh, my mother's right. I'm never going to get married.
Ohh, Please?! I'm a single mom, with a thirty year old son!!
 Do you think he knew I was here?  COMMERCIAL BREAK
Well, I love it. I only hope my wedding looks this good. Mrs.
 You can let some of them go by!
 Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don't even like Chandler.
I know. How could we have let this happen?
So look umm, while we're st-still in London, I mean, we can keep doing it right?
Toe the line. Thread the needle. Think outside the box! 
Wait. Rachel, no, he's married. Married! If you don't realize that, I can't help you.
Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn't eat meat until she has the babies!
Yes, I want to change. And why-why don't you go down and get us a table?
Which we are, and-and we already paid for it. It's My Giant!
Oh, it's so beautiful. Ohh! Y'know, I-I don't know if I feel right about this.
Ugh, y'know, umm we gotta get up early and catch that plane for New York.
I know, I've been looking at those doors, they look pretty sound proof, don't you think?
Y'know, maybe it's best that we never got to do it again.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom, maybe I'll see you there in a bit?
Right. Umm, listen since we're-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross's mother...
Well, an-anyway, I just-that night meant a lot to me, I guess I'm just trying to say thanks.
Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
Yeah, but her plane got delayed in Athens. But actually,  she should be here by now.
No, but she likes me. You abandoned her on a plane to Greece.
Rach, that's great! It's so good that you had a good time in Greece!
Oh, Rachel, sweetie, look, here's a really cute picture of Joey and you at the reception.
Okay. That's okay. I-I know that you're very upset right now. I know, I know that wasn't about me.
If you would stop thinking about Ross for one minute you would notice that there are great guys everywhere! I mean, look! Look, Gunther!  I mean, he's nice, he's cute.
 Oh, what about that guy over there?  Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
You're going to talk to him! Y'know what? We made a deal, I make your decisions and I say you're going to talk to him.
We got out pictures back from London.  Here's all of us at the Tower of London.
See, didn't I tell you?! You're getting over Ross already!
Probably some y'know, European good-bye thing he picked up in London.
 Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
I make the decisions, and I say no.
You can't fire me. I make your decisions and I say, "I'm not fired!" Ha!
Thank you. Rachel, can I talk to you outside for a sec?
Okay, I will. Remember that thing that we just discussed that you wanted to do?
Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might  end up hurting.
All right, Rachel, I know-I know you think I'm crazy, please, before you tell him you love him, just-just try to find one person who thinks this is a good idea. Because I bet you, you can't.
Well, we thought we would all go to a picnic , in Central Park!
Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
No! Rachel, you didn't find anyone so you can't tell him.
Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
I can't believe Phoebe's gonna have her babies!
Well, we-we had to go back because I forget my jacket.
Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Umm, listen there's something I think you should know.
Umm, actually I was about to tell you that I was, I was going to get out of it, but hey, if we're just goofing around then uh, maybe I will go out with him.
Hello Dan! I'm really looking forward to Saturday night! Really, really!
So, why wait 'til Saturday, are you free tomorrow?
Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
I think you're better than you think you are.
Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go tell Dan that it's not gonna happen.  Don't do the dance.
Phoebe, we are so proud of you! You're amazing!
 Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I-I-I was um, I was taking a nap.
Yes. Yes, I was. A guy. From work.  I'm seeing a guy from work! Ha!
 Okay, umm, okay, umm...  It's just Joey and Ross.
But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
Vomit tux? Who vomited on-y'know what, what you up to Joe?
Ohh, he's really shy. I-I don't think he's up to meeting everyone yet.
I might've said that.  Why is that funny?
Yeah, I'm sure your ex-wife will be more than happy to move to another country so you can patch things up with your new wife.
Well, y'know I-I-I think I'm gonna respect the privacy of my new secret boyfriend.
Yeah! But, he can't not exactly see Emily, I mean that's his wife.
Oh hey Joey! We've been watching all day, when are you gonna be on TV?
Uh, listen, I need that broiling pan that Joey borrowed the other day.
A Magic Eight ball?! You can't be serious, you can't make this decision with a toy!
All right, let me see.  Will Chandler have sex tonight?  Don't count on it. Seems like it works to me.
Well, if we owe it?  Oh my... When is Joey gonna be home?
Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.
Ohh, I've always wanted to go to this culinary fair that they have in Jersey!
 Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
Oh now that-that-that's funny, it seems like Chandler's conference could've been in Connecticut or Vermont.
Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Sweetie, we heard you crying. Please don't cry.
Ooh, chocolates on the pillows! I love that!
No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change.  Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
This is a garden view room, and we paid for an ocean view room. Hotel
 Excuse me, umm, can I talk to you over here for just a second?
Look, these clowns are trying to take us for a ride and I'm not gonna let 'em! And we're not a couple of suckers!
Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
Yeah. Umm, Chandler can I talk to you outside for a second?
Oh, it was awful.  I guess some people just don't appreciate really good food.
Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
Chandler that's crazy! If you give up every time you'd have a fight with someone you'd never be with anyone longer than-Ohhh! 
 You are so cute! No. No, it was a fight. You deal with it and move on! It's nothing to freak out about.
Yeah, I saw him waiting for an elevator. 
Hey, Rach, can I borrow your eyelash curler, I think I lost mine.
Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell. 
Oh that's cute! We really all enjoyed it. But y'know, it doesn't count.
Wait-wait, guys! If-if we follow the rules, it's still fun and it means something!
Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Rachel, if you want the little round waffles, you gotta have to wait until I find the little waffle iron.
All right.  Op, here it is! Right underneath the can of-of bug bomb. I wonder if the best place to put something that cooks food is underneath the can of poison? 
We were, we were just in the storage area and we saw this really creepy man!
And he came at us with an axe, so Rachel had to use a bug bomb on him!
Oh he's nice. He's nice! Y'know, you always stick up for the people we fog!
Don't get too attached, she's having it cremated.
No, Ross, we do not hate Emily. We-we just, we just think that you're having to sacrifice a whole lot to make her happy.
Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Hey, look at you! Where have you been?
I hope you're not full, 'cause dinner's almost ready.
Wow, this is so weird. I just realized this might be the last time we'll all be hanging out together.
I'll get it.  Hello.  Hi Emily!  Yeah, uh you-you tracked him down. Hold on one second. 
How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
Oh, sweetie. Oh, look at you. You're shivering.
Uh, look, Larry honey, umm, I wrote the book on Section 5 and I know that you don't have to wear your hat unless you're in the kitchen.
It's in the kitchen, I'll go get it. 
He's not great umm, but he's dealing with it. Oh wait a minute, you're not gonna try...
Right, you only go for them 5 minutes before they get married. 
 Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
Well, I guess we won't be warming his house.
I think so. Se, he-he's not inviting you to his party because he likes you.
What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
Great. So the ball is in his court?
 We'll be right there!  Can't you just say it starts later?
 Oh, it's a great party! Great food. Y'know, most parties it's all chips and salsa, chips and salsa.   So umm, what's this? 
Phoebe, you have to lift it and point.
Is anyone thankful for anything else besides a thong?
Hey, did you get the turkey basted-Oh my God! Oh my God!  Who is that?
What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?
Well, I don't care! That-that turkey has to feed 20 people at my parent's house and they're not gonna eat it off your head!
Okay, I got it. Phoebe? All right, you pull. I'm gonna spread the legs as wide as I can.  Joey? Now is not the time!
Umm, I-I really don't want to tell this story.
Look umm, of all people, you do not want me to tell this story! Thanksgiving 1987
Yeah, yeah, and you were going him y'know, your flower. Big Nosed
Umm, Chandler, if you want I can make you some macaroni and cheese for dinner.
I think his begging days are over now that he's going out with Nancy Branson. Big Nosed
Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?
Oh gosh, listen if you and Chip do it tonight, promise me you'll tell me everything. Big Nosed
I know, but y'know, this time you're gonna definitely know whether or not you did it! Big Nosed
 Okay, now Thanksgiving's over, let's get ready for Christmas. Who wants to go get a Christmas tree?!
What-what's the matter? Is there, is there something on my dress? 
So Chandler, I guess I'll see you at dinner.  Mr.
Yeah, I mean yeah, I look great. Yeah, I feel great and yeah, my heart is not in trouble anymore! Blah, blah, blah! Y'know I still don't feel like I got him back, y'know? I just want to humiliate him. I wanna, I want him to be like naked and then I'm going to point at him and laugh!
What?! I mean, I didn't work this hard and-and-and lose all this weight so that I can give my flower to someone like him!
And when he's naked I can throw him out in the front yard and lock the door and all the neighbors will just humiliate him!
Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
Umm, I'd love too!  Ooh, I love macaroni and cheese. I love-I love the way this box feels against my cheek.
Boy, I love carrots! Oh!  Sometimes I like to put them between my fingers like this and-and hold them down here while I talk to you.  Umm, and-and-and y'know if I get really hot umm, I-I like to pick up this knife  and-and umm, I-I put the cold steal against umm,  my body. 
Oh yeah, of course. I'm fine it's just that-
Oh yes! I have it right here, on ice!  The
God, I'm sorry! I'll go back and get it! The
Wait, no-no-no, I can go really fast! Dad, give me the keys to your Porsche! Mr.
I didn't mean to cut it off. It was an accident.
Oh wait, Chandler, come here is there anything I can do? Anything?
You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
 Wow! And around the ankles, y'know that is a tough spot.
We'll try to be more careful okay? It's just that, we don't want everyone to know because this is going really well, and maybe the reason it's going really well is because it's a secret.
Okay, look, I-I have enough stuff for one more sandwich, I mean I was going to eat it myself, but 
Yeah, the best you got in high school was Wet Pants Geller.
Okay, just wait, please. I promise we'll come up with something. Just give us a little more time.
Hey. Okay, so umm, since that video camera thing didn't work out uh, I thought that I would give you just a little preview. 
Wait a minute, they're making you take time off work?
It's okay! It's good! It's good. It's a disease!
Yes you are! That's the only way to explain all this stuff!
I guess I wanted to keep it  as a souvenir.
I guess I set up the video camera to try and entice Joey.
I'm Monica. I'm disgusting. I stalk guys and keep their underpants.
 All right everybody! Everybody guess what? I just convinced Paul to give us a test next week!
You know, I knew a girl in high school who did that. She was very popular. 
Danny? You know Rachel? She's nice. She's not bad to look at, right?
Do you want to go out on a date with her?
I just wanted to see how it's going.
 Well good, here let me help you out.
Yes Phoebe, but this is all I have. Okay? 
Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
Yeah, good for you. Y'know you're tough, you lived on the streets.
All the time. In fact, I was undefeated.
You wanna go right now? 'Cause I'll take you right now, buddy! You wanna go?
It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it? 
She has a better chance of sprouting wings and flying up your nose than you do of not making fun of us.
Hey Rach, maybe your resolution should be to umm, gossip less.
Well if Ted Kopel talked about his coworkers botched boob jobs, I would.
No! To take more pictures of all of us together. I mean I really think it's the best resolution because everyone will enjoy the pictures.
 I can't wait to be with you! I'll sneak over as soon as Ross picks up Ben. I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
 Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big...
We heard about your pants, I'm so sorry.
Hey, hey, look. Look Ross, Ben drew a picture of you!  Huh? You're-you're a cowboy!
See? Ben doesn't think you're a loser, he thinks you're a cowboy! Now that's something. 
Okay, now that everything's wrapped up here, I think I'm, I'm gonna go do my laundry.
Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
I think this is so cool because none of our friends are here and we can be a real couple. We don't have to hide.
What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Well, I-I-there was this guy at the bank that I thought was cute umm, but I don't anymore.
Yes, I'm sure! Rachel is there something that you want to talk me about?
Am I on fire today or what?! Those birds are browned, basted, and ready to be carved!
I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
I'll take it down to 95% but that's the best I can do. 
Y'know what really bothers me? Is-it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!"  I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
I'm telling you, something's wrong! My brother does not stay out all night.
Oh my God!  Where the hell have you been?!!
Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Well, if you had kept listening, you-you would have heard me call him Mr. Big......ot.
Mr. Bigot. He tells the most racist jokes.
 How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Y'know, I-I-I don't think that I can. So if you don't mind, maybe this will be it for me on the work things.
I'd rather hang out with a sniveling work weasel guy when I can be hanging out with my boyfriend who I actually respect.
 Honey, I just don't think that you understood the joke.
Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
Sorry! I'm just-I'm not very good at this! I'm a terrible liar and I hate having to lie to Rachel!
I know! It's just that...ever since high school Rachel was the one person I told everything too. Y'know? I miss that so much now. She's my best friend. 
Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
Y'know when I said to you earlier that I was at work umm, I'm at my new work.
I can't believe we've never done this before! It's sooo good! So good for Monica! 
Y'know, I don't like to brag about it, but I give the best massages!
 Guys! Guys! I just saw two people having sex in a car right outside.
 Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Phoebe, you do seem a little tense. Here, let me help you.
 I give good massages!  I used to give them to Rachel all the time before she got allergic! And-and-and Chandler loves them! Watch! 
You've been lying to me? I can't believe you'd do that.
But the minute we start to lie to each other...  And by 'we' I mean society.
Oh, please, stop! Look, we're supposed to be honest with each other. I-I just wish you could tell me-just say, "I don't like your massages."
I'm not crying about that! I'm crying about something that happened at work.
 My boyfriend said he didn't like my massages.
Oh my God! You don't know me at all!
Huh. So you're saying like umm, if there was an award for the best bad massage, well who would get that?
So maybe they could umm, call the award the Monica?
Y'know, Joey, I think it's time to give up the bag.
You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
I'm sorry it's just, Phoebe just always thought you were, you were charming in a, in a sexless kind of way.
I'm sorry, I think that you just misunderstood her.
Uhh, y'know actually I was gonna do some laundry.
I mean I-I don't I think I have enough quarters.
Oh, is it that pinball machine with the big bow on it?
Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us!
Phoebe knows and she's just trying to freak us out! That's the only explanation for it!
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So...
All right, it'll be great! You just make her think you wanna have sex with her! It'll totally freak her out!
Relax, she-she's gonna give in way before you do!
Because you're on my team! And my team always wins!
You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Come on Chandler, come on, I can handle Ross.   Hold on!  Hey Ross. What's up bro? 
I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but it's true, I love him too. 
Guys, you're a few steps ahead of us.
In that cute, little, sweet way she just did?
I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Couldn't you just stay like this forever?  Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here forever?
Man, I knew it! I knew you were going to do this!!
Get all freaked out because everybody was talking and just joking around about marriage and stuff.
Have you lost your mind? Chandler, this isn't about me! This is about you and all your weird relationship commitment crap!
You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?! 
Gunther, can I get a coffee  to go?
I'm still not done not wanting to talk to you.
Really? I'm really tired of being your relationship tutor. You're gonna have to figure this one for yourself. All right? Y'know what? If you're too afraid to be in a real relationship, then don't be in one.  
Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
 Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Y'know what? Y'know when I said that I want you to deal with this relationship stuff all on your own? Well, you're not ready for that.
Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
Y'know, I love doing crossword puzzles with you honey! Dream
Okay! There's only one left, three letter word, not dog but... Dream
Yes! You are so smart!  I love you. Dream
Oh yes, it is. I'm sorry I borrowed it, I was cold. I hope its okay?
I'm sorry, I'll give it back to you.
 Phoebe, you were supposed to take that back!
Wait, Joey! Joey! That doesn't mean that-that you're in love with me!
Or, it could mean that-that you saw Chandler and me together and we y'know were being close and stuff and then you just want to have that with someone too.
Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats!  But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Joey, I thought you were gonna try to be friends first!
Is he doing his shark attack bit yet?
Get in there man! Flirt back, mix it up!
No Joey, I think he's just watchin' TV. 
Wow! For just a week you guys are really close, huh?
I-I am serious, I mean, we're, we're all over each other all the time.
  What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don't you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
Oh no, it is okay, I mean as long as you know that Chandler and I are also very hot and fiery, just as hot as you! I mean our flame, whew, is on fire!
 Hey Rach, a guy from Ralph Lauren called, you got a second interview!
He probably wants you back because you're right for the job.
Phoebe, do you want to go see a movie after dinner tonight?
Oh umm, that's because I just wanted to y'know walk in on me and Chandler while we were, y'know, doing it all night. Will you excuse me for just a second?
Okay.  Chandler? Can I see you for a second?
Okay.  We have got to beat them! {Here we go yet again.}
'Cause, Gary and Phoebe think they're a hotter couple than we are!
So! So we've got to go upstairs and have a lot of sex to prove them wrong!
Phoebe and Gary are so gonna hear about this at dinner.
We are the hottest! Huh? No one is hotter than we are! You're the best.
 Hey Joey! Isn't that the girl that waved at you the other day?
What are you talking about?  She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
No, those first two windows,  that's the lobby. And y'know the other one over there, that's the stairway. You've been counting wrong.
You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Phoebe, you have a, a twig in your hair.
I hear ya. Excuse me for just a second!  
Yes it is. You see I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
Because Phoebe and Gary are in that-can't-keep-their-hands-off-each-other-doing-it-in-the-park phase!
I feel really sad that we're not...really there anymore.
Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were y'know all over each other all the time?
That is so sweet. I know that I was acting a little crazy but umm, I feel the same way.
Besides, if anybody's gonna get free stuff, it's gonna be me.
I think it's a great idea. Yeah, we could have a dinner party and just invite her close friends.
It's gonna be weird to watch some actor pretending to be Ben's dad.
Rachel, you can go down there, you don't have to smoke. Just say you wanna get some fresh air.
All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
What?! I didn't take care of everything, there's-there's plenty of things for you to do!
Wait a minute, I can get ice at the restaurant...
Wait a minute, are you doing Joey's  "Audition didn't go so well.  Yeah it did?"
Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding. 
 Why don't you just go out with her! 
Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
So umm, when I was in the shower I was thinking about our first night in London...
Is that the one that speaks English or the one that doesn't?
That was some hot love you gave me! I'm gonna go get ready.
That's a great idea! I was saving them for something special.
You gotta go home and get the earrings that you borrowed from me okay? Chandler wants me to wear them tonight.
It's okay. I don't care. It's uh, it's fine.
It's no big deal, I do it all the time.
Sure! It doesn't mean anything! Just like I know it doesn't mean anything with you!
 Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
Chandler!  Okay, let me get this straight, it's okay for you to flirt, but not for me.
Go on, teach me something about men and women.
No! You are not gonna run out and leave her here!
 Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
All right, sweetie that's fine. You didn't do it on purpose.
 That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!!  Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Ohh, you're about to get a little luckier.
Okay, guys, listen, don't forget that tomorrow is the day that Emily gets married again, so whatever we do, just try to really keep Ross's mind off of it.
Hey! Oh, I'm so glad you're home, I thought tonight we could finally organize these photos!
Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know... And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See? 
You can also find him under umm, dog and dead.
All right, hand me that other box of photos; that's the very last one.
All right, he's keys are in the drawer. Y'know what? I also need some cash.
Nah, while you're at Ross's if you see any lying around...
I need a few more things to make the margaritas. Uhh, I need some salt, some margarita mix, and tequila.
Well thank God you were here! I mean, we have to erase that!
We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
I'm his sister, okay? I love him! I don't want to see him get hurt! Come on! Doesn't that give me the right to control him-help him?
No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day.   Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?!  Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
Y'know what, this is obviously some kind of twisted joke she's trying to play on him.
There's nothing we can do. You erased the message!
Well, if you're gonna be totally rational about this, I can't argue with you! All right? Fine, if you wanna tell him, tell him. I just don't want to be a part of it. 
Wow! Play that message for Emily and this whole problem goes away!
Man, I would be great in a war! I mean, I really, I think I would make a fantastic military leader. I mean I know I would make General way before any of you guys.
No. I think we learned that from the sugarlips incident. I'm gonna get some tea.
So it looks like it's going really well for you two, huh?
I think that is so great! When are you gonna ask her?
I swear, I promise. I promise. Oh my God, I'm so excited! {And I just can't hide it! I'm about to lose control and I think I like it! Sorry, just couldn't resist it.} All right, listen let me tell you, do not get her flowers. Okay? Because y'know, she cries when they die, and there's the whole funeral...
 Gary's gonna ask you to move in with him!!
He just told me at the counter. He made me promise not to tell, but I couldn't hold it in any longer!
Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night.  It was right here, where is it?
All right, come on, I'm-I'm late for work!
Guys, could you please just stop throwing the ball for one minute and just help me find it!
 I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good.   Yes!!   Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not.  
You have scratches all over you, what happened? 
 What?! You paid a thousand dollars for a cat when you owe me 300!!
So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Oh my God, the cat's made my eyes water! Don't-don't throw it to me! My vision's been compromised!!  Oh God! Okay. Okay. It's okay. Man, that was close.
So you're moving in with him. What happened?
Come on guys! Suck it up! We're closing in on ten hours! It's gut-check time!
Please! I made this game what it is.
All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
All right! Let's go!  Let's go Team Monica!  All right, we can work out the name later. 
Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!
All right! Come on Monica! Look alive! Come on, look alive!
It's okay. It's okay. Just pretend that it didn't happen! Okay? No one needs to know! I mean, Phoebe's not an official ballplayer! I mean, only official ballplayers can drop the ball!
Okay! Okay, let's race! First one there wins! Ha-ha!  
 Wow! It's really red! You should go see my eye doctor.
Since we've been going out, I think I've mentioned his name twice!
It's not Richard! Okay? It's this new guy and he's really good.
Hey Rach, remember that great song, Me, Myself, and I? 
Chandler! You don't have to ask for my permission.  You can go.
Hey Rach, come on! We're gonna be late for the eye doctor appointment!
No. If you thought this mess is going to bother me, you are wrong! All right, let's go Blinky!  Chandler!!!! 
A small puff of air, now come on! Dr.
Dr. Miller?  P E C F D. Dr.
I sure do!   And you don't get one!
I love you. {There's another continuity error here. Before Monica says I love you, Chandler's holding the vests so that you couldn't see the collar, you could see all three, and they were folding nicely. After she says the line and the camera cuts back to Chandler, you can only see two out of the three, you can see the collar of the top one, and it looks like it was folded sloppily, unlike before. Hey, you notice things while spending this much time on this!}
Oh, I know! Umm, is it because he's always correcting people's grammar? Whom! Whom! Sometimes it's who!
Yes! All right, y'know what? Why don't we start with a practice run? Okay?
On three, 1...2...3!  Now my pillow's all wet! 
I am going... I'm going--Turn it over!  I'm... I am going to get these drops in your eyes. 
 Hello?   It's Joey.   I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
What did you do to his sweater vests?
Well, maybe you should send him something. So that when he gets to Las Vegas he'll know that you're sorry.
Hey Joey! Aww, you remembered even though you're a big star!
Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Okay! Okay! Okay!  We'll see you in about 3 to 4 hours.
 Phoebe?  Oh, Phoebe, I'm so sorry. Have you been here long?
Okay, you can not tell Chandler. Okay? That I ran into Richard.
Noo! My ex-boyfriend Richard! Y'know the tall guy, moustache?
It was, it was really nice. We started talking and I-I ended up having lunch with him.
The strange part was, he was really nice, umm and he looks great, but I didn't feel anything at all!
Because it would totally freak him out and tomorrow's our anniversary. I just don't want anything to spoil that.
I know, but you have to open it today! 
 Okay! There you go! It's two tickets to Vegas!
For this weekend! Oh gosh, it would be perfect, we get to see Joey plus we get to start our anniversary celebration on the plane. We can call it out plane-aversary.
Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Ditch you? Phoebe, you were pregnant with the triplets!
I love the "I forgot the present" fake out!
Oh that's okay. Don't worry about it, you can give it to me when we get back.
Okay, I umm, I ran into Richard yesterday and he asked me if I wanted to go for a bite and I did. The only reason I didn't tell you is because I knew you'd get mad and I didn't want to spoil our anniversary.
I knew you were not okay with that.
It meant nothing! Okay? After all this time, how can you not trust me?
You're right. I'm sorry. I should've told you.
I promise you, next time I will absolutely tell you.
I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
Oh y'know what? If you're gonna be acting like this all night, I really, I don't even want to be around you.
I can't believe this! This is like the worst night ever!
This is crazy! I mean, it's such a stupid argument. I don't even wanna see Richard again.
Y'know what? You're right Phoebe. You're right. Thank you! 
All right baby, come on!  Yes! Yes! I am on fire!
What? Wait! Why?  Chandler! Chandler! Wait! I'm sorry, I was just playing for one second! I was trying to find you to tell you that, look if you don't want me to see Richard again, I won't! He means nothing to me!
Really!  All right? Let's forget about this going home stuff and celebrate our anniversary.  Okay, this is empty.
Yeah, I couldn't be mad at him for too long.
 A new pair of shoes for the Chan-Chan man!  Yes!
That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?
Pick a number! That is your only job!
 We're not really gonna buy these people steak dinners are we?
Okay, good! Okay, what do I want now?
All right, biggest suite in the place. Come on! 
Oh, that's because I had lunch with Rich-Me neither! Okay, what do I want now?
Hard 8?! We should call it easy 8!
Shut up!! It just got interesting! Commercial Break ?
I've never loved anybody as much as I love you.
Nobody move!  Okay, you look that way; I'll look this way!
That could be a four or a five. It's your call. 
I think so too. . It's Everybody loves somebody, sometime! Everybody falls in love somehow! Something in your kiss, just told me, my sometime, is now!)
Okay, come on, I can't get married until I get something old, something new, something borrowed, and something blue.
What are you talking about? If you get married in Vegas you're married everywhere.
How do I tell Chandler that it's too soon. It's gonna break his heart, he's not gonna think that I don't love him anymore.
Oh hi! Hi! Y'know, we were just talking about bacon.
Rach! We weren't gonna miss our friends getting married!
So, what do you think we should do?
That's a good question. Look umm, last night we let the dice decide. Maybe we should leave it up to fate again. I love you!
All right, eight we get married, but 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 we don't get married.
Wow! I can't believe I actually rolled an eight.
Wait a minute. That wasn't a hard eight! Last night I rolled a hard eight.
I wanted it so bad!  Wanna go pack?
Ohh, of course we are!  We left it up to fate.  If we were supposed to get married there would be a clear-cut sign. 
That kid really kicked me hard on the plane.
Okay! Oh God, y'know what? It's really bad.
No, don't say it! Don't even think it!
I'm sick of the signs! It's too fast, I'm happy the way things are!
I don't want things to change! Do you?
All right then, then nothing changes! Everything is great! Everything stays the same! And you go unpack because it's been three days and it's driving me insane!
Then you'd be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn't make any sense.
Live together? There have been no signs for that.
Here's your key. All right, you have to christen it! Now, go out and come back in!
Wait! Oh my God! I can't get out!
No, it's not a sign! It's a very old key!
Of course! Joey wouldn't let you have one?
Hey, have you figured out a way to tell him you're moving out?
Y'know, I really have to tell Rachel, but I... We just have to get it over with! Y'know, the next time we see them we're just gonna tell them. Okay? That's it.
No! Chandler and I are moving in together!
Well umm, Chandler and I are moving in together.
Okay, I gotta go find Rachel but umm, if you guys see her could you please try to give her some really bad news so that mine doesn't seem so bad? 
I just tell her, I have to get it over with. I told Ross and Phoebe and she's the only one left!
Have a seat.  Okay, listen umm, Chandler and I are going to live together, here.
Soon! I-I just couldn't before. You saw how upset Joey got! I couldn't do that to her, she's my best friend!
All right, all right, at least I'm prepared.
Rach, there's something uh, important I have to tell you.
No! But, I'm throwing this shirt away! I think there was a little misunderstanding before.
Umm, when I said that uh, that Chandler and I wanted to umm, live together we meant alone together.
Oh no sweetie, no! This is my fault, I wasn't clear! I'm really sorry. And listen, you take as much time as you need to move out okay? There's absolutely no rush.
So I, I told Rachel it was just gonna be the two of us.
Really well. Yeah. Surprisingly well. Yeah, she didn't cry. She wasn't angry or sad. 
I mean, all I'm asking for is just a little emotion! Is that too much to ask after six years?! I mean what? Are-are-are Rachel and I not as close as you guys?! I mean do we not have as much fun?! Don't I deserve a few tears?!! I mean we-we told Joey, he cried his eyes out!
Hey. So um, I was thinking that maybe we should start dividing up our stuff.
Y'know, no point in dragging it out. Dragging out the long process of you moving out and us not living together anymore.
Hey Rach, what about this?  Huh? Who-who gets this? See, I don't know if I want it because it might be y'know, too many memories!
I don't know.  Hey, Rachel, you want the big plate? I want you to have the big plate.
But still, it's a big change. The end of an era, you might say!
I'm fine! I just, I'm thinking how much it's an end of era.
An era is defined as a significant period of time. Now, it was significant to me, maybe it wasn't significant to you!
What is the matter with you?!! Why aren't you more upset?! Aren't you gonna be sad that we're not gonna be living together anymore?! I mean aren't you gonna miss me at all?!
Rachel, it's going to happen. Chandler is gonna move in here.
No-no, wait! Just let me finish, okay? This isn't something that we just, we just impulsively decided in-in Vegas, this is something we both really want. And it is going to happen.
Okay listen, y'know when you move in Rachel's room is gonna be empty, you wanna talk about what we want to do with it?
Okay, I was thinking we should have a beautiful guest room, right? With a mahogany sleigh bed and bedside tables with flowers on them all the time! And we could have a roll top desk with comment cards on them so people could say how much they loved staying here!! Okay, whatever, I really haven't thought about it that much.
Oh, I'm sorry. Of course I mean that. Interesting idea, umm, talk about it, but no.
I just don't think arcade games go in the beautiful guest room. The beautiful guest room is gonna be filled with antiques.
What do you have against the beautiful guest room?
Listen, we don't have to make that a guest room, we can think of something to do with the room together.
You're-you're-you're gonna bring the Barca Lounger over here?
Well, it's a set and they should probably stay together.
See now-now you're taking them away from their home.
Yeah-yeah, y'know what? Yeah, that's it-that's it, everything will be mine! Nothing will be yours! That's-that's what I said! Oh come on, Chandler! I'm talking about the barca lounger! It just, it doesn't match! Where is it gonna go?!
Look it is not my fault that your chairs are incredibly ugly!
Ross, you were right before, it was just a stupid fight about a room.
You still want to move in together right?
Come here, I want to show you something!
This is where I thought the barca lounger could go! You see you could see the TV and it's still walking distance to the kitchen.
No-no, I-I just, I liked them so much that I went out and bought some for myself.
Yeah, but y'know we could sneak in and watch.
 Oh, you can have an accent and I can't?!  Top 'O the morning to ya laddies!
Why don't you phase it out? Yeah, fade the accent out and people will think you're, y'know, that you're adjusting to life in America.
Okay, come on, do it one more time!
Joey, why don't you put them in the lost and found?
Oh my God, what a fun day! That sounds great!
Don't worry about it Phoebe, we'll absolutely do it.
Come on Chandler, come on! It'll give us great practice for when--people with babies come to visit.
Nope, sound like me. Pheebs, it's going great. Look at Chandler with little baby girl Chandler.
This is so great! This is exactly how we set the plates at the restaurant.
Oh yeah, I got soap and sponges and rags and Carnuba wax and polishing compound.
I know. But umm, one time there was this really dirty car in front of the building, so I washed it.
Yeah, two hours, a lifetime that's the same.
Chandler, what are you doing? That thing can put someone's eye out!
Oh it's so cute. I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
Damnit! Y'know this whole time we were concentrating on watching the babies and, and no one was watching Chandler! 
And people will think you own a Porsche because you're wearing the clothes?
Joey, you know you don't actually have one.
All right, that's it, we're going to the emergency room.
The babies are asleep, I'm sure you'll be okay on your own for a while!
He's got something plastic lodged in his throat, we've got to go to the hospital.
You're right, you're right I shouldn't freak out. 'Cause this is what will happen when you and I have babies! When will that be?!
Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought we'd go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
You're not dressed yet?! We're supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that you're packed.
 Rachel, I need to borrow-You're not packed!!!! You're not packed even a little bit!
 I'll be coordinator! Oh my God! I'm so sorry, I didn't get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, can't you Phoebe?
All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
 Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, we're gonna start with...
I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
It's almost 8 o'clock, it's almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
Yeah, well I don't think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
Hello?  Oh, hi Ross!  See? Other people call me!
"Hi I'm Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, I'd better wash it and shrink it!"
"Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
Well, maybe you're right-She made fun of my phone pen!
Listen Rachel, I feel really bad about-What are you doing? 
It needs to go about 20 blocks to the left!
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I'm just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y'know I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y'know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate.
Do you wanna live outside?! Because it's gettin' cold!  She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she'll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I'd like.
When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive.   You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!! 
Hey. Call me when you get there. Okay?
What the hell is that dog doing here?!   Ending Credits ?
 Honey, that's a great idea nailing the boxes to the floor!
Joey, did you even interview this woman before you asked her to move in?
Wait a minute...Joey. Joey you can't ask her out, she's your roommate. It-it'll be way too complicated.
Yeah and you better watch the flirting too, cause you know, in such close quarters, it could be trouble.
 Hmm, well you're around me all the time and you don't flirt.
Did you also have his album, It's Not Easy Being Green?
Why don't you just be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
I don't know. Rachel I'm-I'm sorry that I hurt your ankles.
Terrible. If-if I want something done right, I have to do it myself. Other people just wreck stuff. I really think I might kill someone tonight.
It's worse. The only thing that's getting me through is knowing that I'm gonna be seeing you soon. I think I may even try to get out of here early.
? Well, are you just hanging out with Ross?
Is it the same thing that Chandler had?
Okay, listen, there's still some of Chandler's medicine under the sink in the bathroom. Bye!
Is it okay for me to come in now?
Well, the end table is wrong, The couch looks bizarre and don't even get me started on the refrigerator magnets.
It's okay. Chandler, are you afraid of me or something?
Of course not. I mean gosh, Chandler what you did, it's, it's a wonderful thing and I really appreciate it. I know I have this weird thing where I want everything to be in the perfect place, but I'd never expect you to worry about that.
All right, hold on okay? First thing's first.  Okay, now did Ross sit anywhere while he was naked? Closing Credits ?
Chandler come on. We have to hem the new dust ruffle.
It was okay. She's still kind of depressed because she broke up with her boyfriend.
No, the one who looked at you once because you got in her way.
Well, I think I shouldn't look directly at them.
Ross you know that tonight is your date with Hillary?
My God, Rachel, I can't believe Phoebe made out with Ralph Lauren. Ohh, I'm so jealous. 
 Okay, maybe this will make your teeth look less white.  Nope. Okay, colors that don't work are blue, yellow, green, red, black, white, orange, and purple.
Hey Ross, maybe if your skin was lighter. Your teeth wouldn't look so bright.
I'm just saying, if we put just a little bit of makeup on you.
Ross this is the only thing left that has a shot at working.
Please. Half the guys out there have makeup on.
All right, half the people. I mean, just try it and see.
Now are drawers will smell nice and we didn't waste these pantyhose.
Wait, we're supposed to organize the wrapping paper drawer.
You know what? This has been kind of a girlie day. You're right, I'm sorry.
Yeah. Go over to Joey's. Go over to Joey's and drink some beer and hammer up some drywall.
When girls hang out, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear.  I'm sorry. We do. We do. I don't know why I said that.
Oh my God, Joey, that is such a great tip.
Okay. Oh but Joey, come over later because I'm going to teach you to make a bird feeder out of just a pine cone and some peanut butter.
 Okay, great! Bye.  So guess who?s coming to Thanksgiving dinner?
Yeah, and y?know, if you could not mention to them that we live together, that would be great! , I was thinking we would eat around four. 
Because they don?t know we?re dating.  Do you think we should eat in the kitchen? 
Um, well, I was going to, I-I-I really was. But um, then somewhere, just out of nowhere, I didn?t.
 So! Dinner in the kitchen around four! I?ll see you then. 
Well, um, because mainly, um, they don?t like you. I?m sorry.
Maybe because you used to be aloof, or that you?re really sarcastic, or that, y?know, you joke around all the time. Or that you take off your clothes and throw them on the couch.
Look, I know that I should?ve told them. I know I shouldn?t care what they think. I?m sorry.
 I don?t think you?ll ever get my parents that drunk! Opening Credits
Well, it?s done about two minutes before it looks like that.  Joey and
You?re not gonna go anywhere, you said you were gonna eat here, and you?re gonna eat here!
Dad , Mom . Look! Look who it is it?s Chandler! Mrs.
Dad, Chandler was just laughing at your joke. Mr.
Y?know dad, Chandler is one of Ross?s very best friends!
Mom, uh, Chandler was just saying how beautiful your sweater is. Mrs.
Mom and dad just sent me in here to find out if you  were trying to get Ross stoned!
You! It?s not like it?s a big deal! You-you don?t still do it or anything!
Dad, please don?t pick your teeth out here! Alright, and if you?re gonna put your feet up, why don?t you sit on the-
Ross, if you don?t tell them, then I will!
It?s so good, that I feel really selfish about being the only one who?s eating it, that I think we should have everyone taste how good it is. Especially Ross.  
 I?m gonna go into the bathroom so I can look at it in the mirror, as I eat it. 
Alright, you know what? That?s it. You?ve had your chance.
 Mom! Dad! Ross smoked pot in college! Mr. and Mrs.
And Dad, y?know that mailman that you got fired? He didn?t steal your Playboys! Ross did! 
Ross hasn?t worked at the museum for a year! 
Ross married Rachel in Vegas! And got divorced! Again!!!! 
Well actually, I-I didn?t eat mine. It?s still in the bathroom.
Having a perfectly decorated tree is not what Christmas is about. It's about being with the people that you love.
Aw, I'm sorry sweetie that she doesn't feel the same way.
Hold it! Are you talking about Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve?
Oh my God! We love that show! I mean Ross and I have been watching it since I can remember!
What are you talking about? She just invited him to the biggest party of the millennium!
We are going to Dick Clark's New Year's Rocking Eve!
If we wanna get on camera, I think we have to get up on one of those platforms. They've been taping those people up there all day.
Oh yeah? Well when you learned how to dance did you forget how to put on underpants?
Hey, see that snippy guy over there? He's the one who decides who gets up on the platform. We should go dance by him.
Excuse me, sir, would it help if I weren't wearing underpants?
Man, this sucks! Y'know if Mom and Dad don't see us on TV after we made them so jealous, I mean, who's gonna be the losers then?
Ross, we haven't done the routine since middle school.
Okay, let's do it. Mom and Dad are gonna be so faced! 
I know! Hey, you haven't been practising the routine, have you?
Ross, I think we should stick to the routine, we don't wanna look stupid!
Hey guys! You found the presents? Chandler, you let them find the presents? Great! Do you know how long it took me to find you that water purifier?
We were on the platform, ready to dance the world into the new Millennium, and the guy yelled 'CUT!'
Yeah. But of course we had to update it a little bit.  Hey, by the way, great thinking about catching me!
I can do it, okay? Come on, let's go.  Monica and
Yeah, she hates all mass produced stuff. She thinks her furniture should have a history, a story behind it.
It's gotta be one of a kind. Y'know like umm, y'know uh, what's that God awful ceramic fruit bowl she has on her counter?
I'm telling-If you put that in her apartment you'll never hear the end of it.
I am so glad you guys got together, Chandler and I are always looking for a couple to go out with and now we have one!
So do you guys gonna come over tomorrow? I'll make that pasta thing I was telling you about.
The dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. This is so exciting.
Joey! Why is Janine not coming over for dinner?!
Ugh, I can not believe this! I mean, who is she to judge us? We could not have been nicer to her!
Of course we will, come on we gotta make dinner.
Chandler, would you like some more orange juice?
Well, I'd like to but,  I'm not sure we have time to go.
 I knew it!! Y'know, you're not so quiet yourself, missy!
 All right! You and me! Let's go! Right now!
 You'd better hope I don't see you in the hallway!! 
What did I tell you about the hall?!
Well, I know that would make Joey happy, so, I would like that too.
Now come on.  Well, I'm glad we worked things out.
I cannot believe you broke up with her just like that.
That didn't work on mom, it's not going to work on us.
So do you think that these pictures-Are, are they trying to tell a story?
Well, she's not going to find them lying in the grass like that. 
Okay, I've got a question. If you had to pick one of us to date, who would it be?
 She picked Rachel. I mean, she tried to back out of it, but it was obvious. She picked Rachel.
It's wrong. You know what else is wrong? Phoebe picking Rachel.
 Oh, don't you guys look cute. You guys make such a cute couple.
 Nothing, I'm just trying to recreate some of the fun that we had at my place the other day.  Remember, when you picked Rachel over me? That was funny.
 It wasn't funny at all! Why would you do that? Why didn't you pick me?
That is completely untrue. You think I'm high maintenance? Okay, prove it. I want you to make a list and we're going to go through it point by point!
I know. Where do you wanna go eat?
I'm sick of Japanese. We're not going there.
Joey, what's going on. What didn't you tell us you work here?
So, maybe I am a little high maintenance. And maybe Rachel is a little bit of a pushover. But you know what we decided you are?
Well, then, I'm okay with being high maintenance.
Oh, wait, is he the guy I met at Christmas?
All right, I've heard enough. I've made my decision. 
You are both idiots. The joke is not funny, and it's offensive to women, and doctors, and monkeys! You shouldn't be arguing over who gets credit, you should be arguing over who gets blamed for inflicting this horrible joke upon the world! Now let it go! The joke sucks! 
Hey, it's Phoebe and Rachel. Um, why don't you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance? 
Wait, wait, he came up with that himself. Tell them, Chandler.
Look, I am not high maintenance. I am not. Chandler!
  I didn't even tell him to say that. . All right you're off my list.
 Phoebe, it's okay that you don't want me to be your girlfriend because I have the best boyfriend.
 Ugh, they sent me home. They said I can't work if I'm sick.
I'm not sick!! I don't get sick! Getting sick is for weaklings and for pansies!
 I have not been sick in over three years! 
I'm fine-d. I'm fine-d! Y'know, it's a really hard word to say. 
Okay, so what do you, what do you want to do? Let's do something crazy!
Okay, I'll rest. But y'know if I'm going to bed, then you're coming with me.
 Are you saying that you don't wanna get with this? 
I'm with you Chandler! I mean I can't have sex with a sick person either, that's disgusting! But I'm not sick! Let me prove it to you. We are two healthy people in the pribe of libe.
 Calling Dr. Big, Dr. Big to the bed.
How could I be asleep knowing that you were in the next room.
Come on, get into bed! I want to prove to you that I'm not sick! I wanna make you feel, as good as I feel. 
Okay, fine I admit it! I feel terrible! Would you please rub this on my chest? 
Are you kidding me?! Is this; is this turning you on?
I can't believe it! What is it? Is it the rubbing or the smell?
What happened to your rule about never sleeping with sick people?
God, Ross is on a date with your sister! How weird is that?!
Oh no it's not, no it's not. It's a first date. I'm sure that nothing is gonna...
Chandler there's nothing wrong with crying! I mean you don't have to be so macho all the time.
Yeah you're right. I don't know what I was thinking.
Oh, I've got it! I have got it!  Pictures from your childhood. This will get you going good! 
This is so bizarre. I guess it kinda makes sense though, y'know she had such a terrible childhood.
Yeah you're right, we can't-we shouldn't watch this.
Hold on a second! What is that on her ankle?
Why are you reading this? You hate this kind of stuff.
Oh that's so sweet! Look Chandler I don't care if you can't cry, I love you.
I won't care, because I know you will be feeling it all in here. 
Yeah! And if, and if we have a baby one-day, and the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room and you don't cry, so what! And-and-and, and if we take him to college and come home and see his empty room for the first time, and you got nothing, it won't matter to me.
And-and-and if I die, from a long illness. And you're writing out my eulogy and you open a desk drawer and you find a note from me that says, "I will always be with you," and you still can't shed one tiny tear, I know you'll be crying a river inside.
What?! You can't shed a tear for your dead wife!! Now, I left you a note from the beyond!
And what if I was still fat?  Well, you wouldn't be dating me, that's for sure.
He's not boring! He's just-he's just low key. Monica's
Maybe Joey doesn't have to give you the money, TV stars have assistants right?
No Joey! Chandler could be your assistant! See, he could answer all of your fan mail and stuff!
Joey just hired Chandler to be his assistant!
You are so sweet to notice! Yes, I lost three and a half pounds!
Oh my God, sit down! Sit down! How long as it been since we've seen each other?
Ohhh!  No! This is my friend Rachel, we went to High School together.
 Oh wait! You didn't just sit on my Kit-Kats did you?!!
Honey, having a heart attack is nature's way of telling you to slow it down.
Let's take a walk.  Y'know maybe you should consider writing for Talking Out of Your Ass magazine! 
Oh my God! That's great! Oh wow!  You're a published writer! I wish I had a present for you!
Hey Joey, Chandler sold a story to Archie Comics!
Well, y'know it's none of my business, but aren't you married?
Yeah I can!  And don't think I don't, because I do! I mean all the time, you betcha! 
 Of course I have! What do you think, I'm some 30 year old virgin?
Say it louder, I don't think the guy all the way in the back heard you! Guy All the Way in the
It's not like, I haven't any opportunities. I mean, y'know, I'm just waiting for the perfect guy. I'm seeing this guy Roger, all right? He's not perfect, but umm, I think maybe I should just get it over with. Y'know, give him my flower.
Rachel! I'm never gonna think it's okay for you to cheat on your husband!
Phoebe, why is smoke coming out of the bathroom?!
Well, you used to like playing the guitar.
I hope you're hungry, we're starting with oysters. And y'know what they say about oysters, don't you? Dr.
No! Umm well, some people say that Oysters are an aphrodisiac. Dr.
And then we're gonna have a little Middle Eastern cous-cous. Something we can eat, with our hands. Dr.
I'm sorry, okay? It just-tonight was supposed to be y'know, it was supposed to be a big deal.
You don't want to know what tonight was.
Well, tonight was-was going to be my first time.
All right relax Mr. I've Had Sex Four Times!
I was just waiting for the perfect guy.
Oh really? When? Do you wanna do it with me?
Yeah but see I have nothing to compare it too. So even if you're horrible, how would I know?
It's harder for me! I have those four other women to compete with!
Absolutely! It would just be one friend  helping out another friend. 
I have no moves.  Okay, whatcha doin' there?!  Oh y'know what? I'm sorry, this is just too weird.
I know! I'll tell you something, we are gonna do that again!
Oh I can't. Dr. Roger is coming over again.
Great! It's so amazing! I mean, last time Dr. Roger came over, I was so nervous, but then after being with you I'm all like, "Can the doctor see me now?"
Y'know, I don't have an appointment, but I sure could use a physical.  Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah, come on, eat, whatever you want. Dr. Roger got beeped again.
Yes! Why, did you-you forget to make yours?
Okay.  Okay, I can't wait! This is going to be the best Valentine's Day ever!  I can't believe it! Make the presents! Make the presents!
I'm just so excited to make the presents!  Shoot!
Oh, what a great gift! Is The Way You Look Tonight on it?!
Oh, I love it! Thank you so much!
Yeah-yeah, you remember how I call you bunny?
Well, I did one time, and-and I want to start doing it more. See that's what this is about.
No! No, she doesn't. Uh Phoebe, what she makes-that's uh-they're sock rabbits. They are completely different-Okay! Okay! Okay! I didn't make it! I'm sorry! I totally forgot about tonight and the fact that we're supposed to make the presents!
No-no, it's not okay! It's not! I mean you were just... You're so incredible! You went through all this time and effort to make this tape for me! Y'know I'm just gonna-I, I am gonna make this up to you! I will! I-I am going to cook anything you want in here , and I am going to do anything you want in there! 
Oops!  Y'know, your birthday is in a month-and-a-half, what do you say I forget to get you a present for that too?
Do you remember that jacket that you love so much, that you thought was too expensive?
I wanna wake up early and go get it for you!
Hey! Continuing the countdown of your favorite meals. Tonight, No. 3, macaroni and cheese with cut up hot dogs.
I will! But not tonight. For dinner music, I thought we could listen to that tape you made me.
The Way You Look Tonight is on here! Dance with me? 
 Yeah you will!  And, are you kiddin' me?!
It's Chandler's way of pretending he didn't take mime.
Yeah sure, nature called, she wanted to see who else did. 
Joey! He's working!  You would look good in that. 
Wow! So, now you're going on a date with this girl?
You're right, I'm sorry. It's not like you're y'know, going out with an ex-girlfriend.
All right, well why don't I go out with an ex-boyfriend and do Joey a favor?!
Now, this is last minute so I want to apologize for the mess. Okay? 
I know! Now look, there's only one problem though. There's only room for one, so I guess one of you will have to stay at Joey's.
So Rach! You're the first guest at Hotel Monica! Umm, you'll just have to tell me how you like your eggs in the morning. And I thought I would bring them to you, y'know, in bed. Oh, you have been through so much.
Now there you go! I wouldn't want my best guest to strain her eyes!
Well you let me know if you can, because y'know I can bake a pie to cover it.
Hello?  Oh yes, one minute please.  It's for you. It's the fire inspector.
Well Ross, you be careful now. You don't want to get a reputation as y'know Professor McNailshisstudents.
But you should eat them now because they're hot from the oven.
 Oh-ho! But not in here! Can't eat 'em in bed, remember? No crumbies!
Does Ralph mumble when you're not paying attention?
Yeah. In fact, I like her so much you tell her I want my cookies early this year! Y'know, a box of Thin Mints and some Tag-a-Longs.
Well that is great. And seriously, she seems very nice.
Chandler, do you think we talk about our relationship enough?
 Rachel is not going to pick your stupid guy.
Well, uh y'know, our guy works with Chandler and he's really nice and smart and he's a great dresser!
All right fine, your guy may have a great body, but our guy is really funny.
 Do you want our guy to be your guy?
Well, spring vacation is doing nice things with your grandparents. Spring break you're doing frat guys.
Yes! We found you a really cute and funny guy from Chandler's work!
Uh, would you stop it with that already?! 
All right guys stop it. Rachel, we're very sorry that is a very insensitive thing for us to do. And y'know what? Let us make it up to you, we have two really great guys for you.
We're really glad you decided to meet our guy.
You're gonna like him so much. So umm, when do you want to meet him?
Okay! Okay! We can take a hint!   What are you doing here?!
? Oh-oh, no no don't worry, I'm gonna wash it.
? Well, I thought that I would cut up the tomatos.
? Actually, I was gonna do them jullienne.
We're supposed to meet my parents in 15 minutes.
Oh, stop beating yourself up! People make mistakes! These things happen! There aren't any message you've forgotten to give me are there?  Apparently you're not very good at it! I...
Y'know what? He will forgive you. And I like to bring a pad with me when I go answer the phone just in case...  Okay...
You had no right to go out with him.
 You are going to make a joke about my special present! Why would you do that?!
I think our lover's spat will start a little early this month.
We know how tough those parent/teacher conferences can be.
Y'know, it is so strange seeing Ross here this time of day, 'cause usually he's got the children's hospital.
No, you said the baby creeps you out.
Why would the little girl creep you out?
Well y'know Joey, you're a pretty charming guy.
No sweetie, you've got to win over the guy that controls C.H.E.E.S.E.! You've got to kiss some serious robot ass!
Yeah! That's why I'm sleeping with him on the side.
Okay fine! Fine! Then you know what, I'll just write about Phyllis! Hmm!
Chandler, we said we would meet at the coffeehouse at six.
Yeah and if I had seven, maybe I would've said something like this, "Wow! My boyfriend's such a wise ass-seven!"
Inside of telling us you decided to write in your stupid book!
I mean think about all the money that you're gonna make!
Well, her father pays you for baby-sitting right?
This would be a beautiful place to get married, yeah, but I wouldn't put the aisle there and I would never have the ceremony there!  I mean you'd have the ceremony under this big beautiful arch.  The Museum
What?! Are you crazy?! I'm not getting married! I'm not even engaged.
Well, I mean I guess there is no harm in putting my name down.
What? I-I bought groceries, I was gonna make you dinner!
Oh please, he didn't hear it! He didn't hear it!!
The woman from the museum called and said that there was a cancellation and that we could move up our wedding and Chandler heard!  I know! How bad is this?!
I know! I know! And he totally freaked out and I can't find him anywhere!
Well, I'm never gonna listen to you again, that's for sure!  "Y'know, harm can it do if you go and put your name down?"
Honey, we were at this beautiful place, and I-I-I just put our names down for fun! I mean, what's the harm in that?
Chandler, please don't think I was trying to pressure you. Phoebe and Rachel...
It was a mistake. Please don't take this to mean anything, because it doesn't.
I'm gonna go tell Joey that  that you're back. I was really worried about you. 
Y'know, I only know of two surefire ways to shut a man up. And one of them is sex.
I don't know, I've never had to use the other one. I'm just saying y'know, if we're having sex, he's not gonna be talking.
Ross let me ask you a question. All jokes aside, where is this relationship going?
Do you really see this as a long-term thing?
Yeah. I'm okay. I'm actually-I'm a little cold, can I have your jacket?
Oh God, maybe he won't see us. Richard! 
Yeah-Oh that's right. You, you always wanted me too. Hey, I see you got your mustache back.
So I hide in the shower and the next thing you know they're going at it right on the bathroom floor.
I thought you were going out with Elizabeth.
Oh Ross, sometimes grown-ups have commitments they just can't get out of!
Why don't you just weigh out the good stuff about the relationship against the bad stuff. I mean that's what I did when I first  weighing stuff.
Look Ross, the only question you need to ask is, "Do you see a future?" I mean like do you see yourself marrying her?  Oh my God! You did it already! You married her, didn't you?!
Why do you want to see my hand?
 I had to go all the way to the basement because some idiot keeps stuffing the trash chute with pizza boxes!
Well that's a little crazy. Although I am y'know glad to hear that you're branching out on what you look at on the Internet.
Why?! To celebrate your relationship! To solidify your commitment! To declare your love for one another to the world!
Ohh... Oh, that's okay I hate when people come back to complement the chef. Like I have nothing better to do! So what's up?
Oh, good to see you too. Did you come down here to tell me that?
Y'know you're really not supposed to be back here!
Oh God...  Why don't they put chairs back here?!
What the... Yes you're too late! Where was all this three years ago?!
Ohhh! What are you doing to me?! Oh look, I-I... I'm sorry but umm, this-this-this-this is not going to happen.
Well he is! Yeah, I mean marriage is all he talks about! My goodness, in fact, I'm the one that's making him wait!
So that marriage stuff that you were saying yesterday, you don't really believe that do you?
Wait a minute. Are you honestly telling me that-that you may never want to get married?
Oh my God! Then-then-then what are we even doing?! What is this?!
I'm just having one of those days where you realize you're in a dead-end relationship!
It's not like I want to get married tomorrow! It's just that I-I'd like to believe that I'm in a relationship that's actually going somewhere, that I'm not just wasting my time!
No I don't know Chandler! Not anymore! It's like it's like something's changed.
What does he think? Does he think I'm just gonna wait around for nothing?
 Well there's some people who do want to marry me.
You just told me that he hates marriage! That-that he's a-a complex fellow who's unlikely to take a wife! That-that he's against marriage and always will be!
Uh yeah, I-I actually I thought about you a couple months ago.
Yeah but it was because I-I had an eye exam and I don't like my new eye doctor.
But getting over was the hardest thing that I've ever had to do. And I never let myself think about you. 
 I missed you-you ugly, flat faced old freak!
I missed this apartment! Now, this is a grown-up's apartment! Y'know, I-I should be with a grown-up, do you know what I mean?!
Y'know, let's face it, I'm not a kid anymore! I-I need to be with someone who-who wants the same things that I do! I mean coming to my place of work and telling me that you love me, I want that! Talking about pig sex over lunch, I don't want that!
Fair? Please don't even talk to me about fair! Fair would've been you wanting to marry me back then! Or fair would've been Chandler wanting to marry me now! Believe me, nothing about this is fair! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing! Nothing!
Nothing.  I don't kn-Umm. I don't know. Umm...
Y'know, I-I... I have to figure...some st-Y'know, some stuff before I can...
Chandler... In all my life... I never thought I would be so lucky.  As to...fall in love with my best...my best... There's a reason why girls don't do this!
I knew you were likely to take a wife! 
I?m getting married!!!! I?m gonna be a bride!!!!  No, I will not shut up because I?m engaged!  Ohh, big talk! Huh, why don?t you come over here and say that to me?! Huh, buddy?! Yeah, my fiancee will kick your ass!  Come on, apartment 20! Apartment 20! 
Okay! Wait-wait-wait! Shhh!  Okay, umm, I just wanna say that?I love you guys so-so much and-and thank you for being here on my special night.  Our special night. I mean it just wouldn?t be my?our-our night, if you all weren?t here to celebrate with me?us?Damnit!
Y?know what we should do? We should all get dressed up and go to have champagne at The Plaza. 
 Y?know what shoes would look great with this ring? Diamond shoes!  You?re not getting dressed. 
Yeah, but I don?t think we have time.
 Chandler! It happens to lots of guys! You-you-you were probably tired, you had a lot of champagne, don?t worry about it!
Phoebe! Come on! Let?s go!  Come on!  Why aren?t you dressed yet?!
 No, Phoebe, I?ll tell you what, if you get ready now I?ll let you play it at the wedding.
I?ll get everybody else , finally we can start celebrating my? I?m sorry, uh apparently I?ve opened the door to the past. Commercial Break
 Can I ask you just a little question, huh? Why tonight?
See, I?ve been waiting my whole life to be engaged, and unlike some people I?m only planning on doing this once. So, uh y?know, maybe this is selfish and I?m sorry about it, but I was kinda hoping tonight could just be about that.
No it?s not! No! No! Now it?s about you and Ross getting back together!
See yeah umm, you kinda stole my thunder!
Well, we?re still talking about it, aren?t we?
Y?know what? I-I think that umm, I don?t feel like going to The Plaza.
No-no, I-I really don?t want to talk about it! I don?t!  Especially with you. 
I can?t believe her, y?know it?s just?it?s so typical.
Well, let?s just say it?s not the first time you?ve stolen my thunder.
My Sweet Sixteen! Remember, you went to third base with my cousin Charlie.
It?s all everybody at the party could talk about!
And yet, here we are doing it again.
Oh please! Why else would you have made out with Ross?!
I just thought it would be nice if I could have just this one night!
Oh, is that why you did it the secret hallway where nobody ever goes?!
I don?t know! I don?t?maybe you?re feeling a little resentful. Maybe ah, maybe you thought you?d get married first! Maybe you can?t stand the fact that your formally fat friend is getting married before you!
 I can?t believe you?re gonna have sex on my engagement night!!
I just wanted to say that I hope you do have sex tonight and I hope that you guys get back together, but I must warn you, the night that you announce your engagement I?m going to announce that I?m pregnant!
 I?m sorry I almost made you sleep with Ross. 
I don't know, my hand feels weird. I guess it's because, I'm engaged!  How long before it starts getting annoying?
This baby has got everything. Take y'know, locations for instance.  First, organized alphabetically, then geographically, then by square footage.
All right, so I haven't cleared the budget with my parents yet, but tell me how this is for music.
All right umm, a string quartet for the procession.
A jazz trio for cocktails. The Bay City Rollers for dancing. Wait, that was from my sixth grade wedding.
Of course you can look at it! Yeah, I want your opinion too!
Here you go! What do you think about centerpieces?
Oh dad, really you don't need to... Mr.
Well, at least you're not hearing it for the first time at your fifth grade Halloween party. Mr.
Anyway, we're really excited about our wedding plans, and well I guess pretty soon we'll be making a big withdrawal from the Monica wedding fund.  What? Mrs.
What happened? You still have the Monica wedding fund don't you? Mr.
I don't believe you spent my wedding fund on the beach house! Mrs.
You bought the beach house when I was 23! Mr.
What about when I started dating Chandler? Mrs.
I can't believe it! That there is no money for my wedding?! Mrs.
I can't believe this. Do you think that your parents could help pay for it?
My parents spent the money for our wedding!
No! No it's not! It's not gonna be okay! It sucks! No swing band! No lilies!
 How great are you, you little saver?! I mean, the-the amount you have is exactly the budget of my dream wedding!
This is the most special day of our lives.
Honey, umm I-I love you,  but umm, if you call our wedding a party one more time, you may not get invited. Okay?  Listen, we could always earn more money, okay? But uh, we're only gonna get married once.
You-you're gonna have to put your foot down?
Listen umm, I've been thinking, it's not fair for me to ask you to spend all of your money on our wedding. I mean, you work, you work really hard for that.
Oh, you're so sweet.  Oh, but wait, what about our, what about the future and stuff?
 Y'know what? I-I don't want a big, fancy wedding.
No, I want everything you just said. I want a marriage.
I love you.  Hey listen umm, when, when you were talkin' about our future you said cat, but you meant dog right.
Sweetie, I think the glasses look great. They make you look really sexy.
 If someone wants to give us a present, we don?t want to deprive them of that joy.
No, you don?t want this. I want to have your grandmother?s cookie recipe.
I wanted it for years! I was gonna make cookies for my children.
Okay. I?m gonna be the mom that makes the world?s best chocolate chip cookies.
Oh, so you finally took it out of the marina huh?
Wow! That?s great! Dad must really like you, he doesn?t ask just anyone to play.
This is so cool, maybe this is something you can do every week.
Oh, just so you know, you-you have to let him win.
No!! Why didn?t you make a copy and-and keep it in a fireproof box and keep it at least a hundred yards from the original?!!
 This is what happens when you don?t register for gifts!
No! Wait! I think I can figure out the recipe from this cookie! I do stuff like this at work all the time.
You don?t?  Well, that?s the difference between a professional and a layman.
Oh my God Chandler! I can?t believe it!
Listen, I?m sure that dad doesn?t care. He probably thought this was funny; he?ll be telling this story for years!
I was trying to help out a squirrel.
 Come on.  Hello?  I?m sorry you have the wrong number.   Okay, I?ll call you later dad. I love you. 
Okay, here?s batch 22. Ohh, maybe these?ll taste a little like your grandmother?s. This has a little bit of orange peel, but no nutmeg.
Okay. Man, I have not made this many cookies since I was in the ninth grade.
The ones we had right after you almost threw up.
Well, I?ve tried everything. I give up. I guess I?m not gonna be the mom who makes the world?s best chocolate cookies. I do make the best duck confit with broccoli rabe. Kids love that right.
Well, I mean what about friends of your grandmother?s? Wouldn?t they have the recipe?
I cannot believe that I just spent the last two days trying to figure out the recipe and it was in my cupboard the whole time!
 Hello?  Hold on please. Joey, it?s your mom. 
Phoebe, do you think that your favorite animal says much about you?
Really? Okay, so why don?t you tell me what happened to Ross Junior year at Disneyland?
If you tell me, I?ll tell you what Phoebe said.
Oh, Nancy Thompson from Phoebe?s old massage place is getting fired.
That?s right! You lose sucker!!  Please still marry me.
Yeah, tacos! Ever since you told me that story I?ve had such a craving for them.
No! No. They?re umm? They?re just uh?ground beef smileys. 
You?re right. I mean I?m sorry. Yeah, I shouldn?t be laughing. I should be laying down papers for you! 
Ross used to stay up every Saturday night to watch Golden Girls!
Chandler one time wore my underwear to work!
Ohh, I?m sorry I couldn?t think of anymore for Ross!
Y?know, in my defense, umm there was no glitter on the macaroni and very little glue.
I don?t know! Time to kiss a guy maybe?!  What are you laughing at Pampers? 
Oh, my mom called, they?re gonna run our engagement announcement in the local paper, so we?re looking for a good picture of us.
That?s not true, there are great pictures of us!
I know, but look at me all tan.
That?s a good idea! I bet they have one of those wind machines! Y?know? 
Chandler, listen to me sweetie, I know you can do this. Okay? You have a beautiful smile.
Yeah!  All right, maybe you don?t have to smile. Let?s try something else. Let?s try umm, try looking sexy.
I know. Let?s try a look?of far off?wonderment. Okay, we?ll-we?ll gaze into our future and we?ll think about our marriage and the days to come.  Chandler! What is the matter with your face?! I mean this picture is supposed to say "Geller and Bing to be married," not "Local woman saves drowning moron!"  Hey! Don?t laugh at him! He?s my drowning moron!
That?s it! Take it! Take it! Take it! 
They can?t all be bad.  Find the one where you make your bedroom eyes. Ohh, there it is.
Do you really want to pull at that thread? 
Hey guys check it out! My mom sent me the paper!
Wow! Imagine what our kids would look like!
Okay, the reason why I asked you guys out to brunch today is because I have been doing some thinking about who should be my maid of honor.
First of all um, I love you both so much and you?re both so important to me?
Well umm, I was thinking that maybe we could come up with a system where we trade of being maid of honor for each other. Like hypothetically, if Phoebe were mine?
Rachel would be Phoebe?s, I would be Rachel?s, that way we all get to do it once and no one would get upset.
 Well that?s the best part. Umm, you guys get to decide!
Yeah hey, a weird thing happened today whey I was at brunch. This woman overheard that I was marrying you and-and then she?she wished me good luck.
Come on, was it somebody maybe you dated in college?
You broke up with a girl because she was fat?!
Chandler!  Chandler! I just figured out who you are!
Lewis Posin! He was my best friend in fifth grade, and-and then one day I asked him to be my boyfriend and he said no. Do you know why?
No! But because he thought I was to faaaaa?.  And every time I think about it, it makes me feel as bad as I did in fifth grade! Y?know, I-I really think that you should apologize to Julie.
No, I know. But y?know what? It would make me feel better if Lewis apologized to me.
Why don?t you just stop doing stupid things? Then you wouldn?t have to apologize.
Are you gonna break up with me if I get fat again?
Well, you broke up with Julie Grath! How much weight could she have gained?
In one year?! My God what did she eat? Her-her family! That?s not the point.
Well? That?s not the only time this was an issue. You remember when umm, you spent Thanksgiving with us? You called me fat.
What if I have babies, okay? I mean I?m gonna look different. I?m okay with that, but I?m not sure that you are!
Even if I shrink down to two inches tall?
 Ohh, wow! That?s great!  Oh wow! We really have to start planning! I have, I have a lot of really specific ideas! We should probably get together like four times per week. You can come over to my place; we?ll get together before work! What do you say,
Well fine! I want to meet this chicken expert! Send the Colonel in! . Anyway, guess who the Colonel is by the following phrase.) The
Well, she was shocked when I told her, but then again so were most people.
Well, she actually has a boyfriend y?know herself, named Clark. Uh, she also kinda invited herself to our wedding. Clark too.
Well, she corned me! She asked if the wedding was in town! I mean, what was I supposed to do?!
Come on! So she comes to the wedding! I mean it won?t be so bad.
Oh my God, she?s not gonna like the chicken that night either is she?!
Good, so do it Saturday night because we?re going to dinner with her and Clark.
Janice, what umm, what are you doing here?
 Our kids are gonna call her Aunt Janice aren?t they?
Oh my God! Oh my God! You have to go!
That?s right. That?s right. And that is why you can?t stay here tonight. And probably why you shouldn?t come to the wedding.
I mean, I realize that his feelings may never completely go away, but you can.
It's a stupid game and I wasn't playing against other people, so technically I didn't lose.
Oh! Why didn't you tell me? I made him his own individual sweet potato stuffed pumpkin.
Now you think I wouldn't enjoy that, because it is so fake,  but I still do.
All right, I'm out of oven space. I'm gonna turn on Joey's. Please, watch him! Do not let Joey eat any of the food!
 Hey, did you guys know, that your oven doesn't work?
Ross?s apartment is nice! How come we don't hang out here more often?
We left Joey alone with the food!  Yep! Yep, I knew it! There he is... feeding stuffing to a dog!
Phoebe, why is there a dog in our apartment?
Phoebe, there's a dog sitting on my couch!
Yes there is! He's black and white and shaggy and  he's sitting next to Rachel and licking Rachel's hand.
Oooh, I wish she could stay here, but Chandler is allergic!
Chandler, if that dog's been here that long, and you haven't had a reaction, maybe you're not allergic to this dog?
When it's your assistant, I would say never.
Please, don't listen to Joey, okay. Would you look at him? He-he?s obviously depressed. He's away from his family; he's spending Thanksgiving with strangers. What he needs right now is for you to be his friend.
Okay Phoebe, we should probably go back now.
Stop it. Stop! Okay let's go. We can be strong.
Oh my god! Did you hear that? She said Monica!  Oooh, I can't leave her!
Relax, Ross. She's not made of ice cream!
That's right, she came back all by herself.
Oh yeah, I remember mine! Ohh, it was my sixth birthday, my dad took me to the park, I got it, and?it bent.
Did the girl ever let you ride it?
I?m gonna hang this basket  on the door and when the neighbors walk by they can all take a piece.
See? This is exactly why I?m making this candy. We can learn their names and get to know our neighbors.
Where you can make out with your assistant.
Wow! It took you all night to come up with that plan?!
The basket is totally empty! My God, the neighbors ate all the candy!
They love my candy? Oh man!!! I?ve gotta go make more!! 
Hi. Do you know what time it is?
Oh please!  Did you hear that? Little drops of heaven.
Umm, listen I am sorry, but I?ll put some out first thing in the morning.
Ross! That is so sweet of you to get Phoebe that bike! When I heard the story, I almost cried.
Oh yeah! I saw her walkin? it down the street the other day. She had uh, these flowers in the basket. It was so cute.
See, this is why I told you never get involved with your assistant! And here is no such thing as keeping secrets when it comes to affairs.  Did you hear that Chandler? No such thing!
I?m sorry, I can?t help you. See?  Rules are rules. The
No kidding, out of towners huh? What did you tell ?em? The
Some people have been saying its y?know little drops of heaven, but whatever. The
 All right, I?ll do it just this once! But you can?t tell anybody! The
 It?s unbelievable! I-I can?t believe that sign didn?t work!
Oh, you really want to talk about getting people to like you huh, funny man? 
Well, they?re just gonna have to wait aren?t they? I?ve only got two hands!!
No! You don?t know the system! There?ll be nobody messing with the system!
 Okay, guys! The candy is coming; I just need another 15 minutes for the chocolate to cool!
I?m fine now, but it was really scary there for a while. I mean, someone slipped a-a threatening note under the door.
Phoebe, don't worry about it. I'm sure she wants to live with you.
Well, no. But, um, I bet she probably does.
I'm sorry. But not that sorry, 'cause you don't have to live with it. Um, we have a reservation under the name Chandler Bing. Maitre
No, to get a table! Places like are always shakin? you down. Everybody wants to be paid off.
It's easy! Just keep it casual! Give him a kind word, shake his hand and give him the money!
 Okay, those people just left, come on! Quick! Give him the money and get their table!
It's not just the drum noise. Every five minutes, Joey throws his sticks in the air, and I have to hear, "Oh my eye! Oh god, my eye!" I mean, it is so annoying.
Phoebe, you got Joey drums to annoy Rachel, so she wouldn't wanna live there anymore?
Wow, come in, have a seat. You must be exhausted coming all the way from?Texas.
Okay Ben, why don't you come open some more presents, and Santa, the Armadillo, and I have a little talk in the kitchen? There's a sentence, I never thought I'd say. 
 Hey, you think, you can keep it another night? 
My God, I can?t believe this! I mean I knew that mom and dad were invited, but I thought that was it! I mean from the ages 7 to 9 Frannie and I were inseparable!
Yeah, well you call her and tell her that y?know when we were kids her precious little Frannie tried to undress me several times, okay? And if I hadn?t have stopped her, there probably wouldn?t even be a wedding to go too.
Limited seating?!  I am just one tiny person!
 Limited seating! Oh, that is such a lame excuse! That?s not the reason she?s not inviting me!
Wait a minute, you got Ross Gellar and guest?! I wasn?t invited and you got "and guest?!"
Because! She?s my cousin. I mean, we grew up together! We?re family y?know? Well that?s important to me.
Phoebe, can I talk to you for a second?
Limited seating my ass. Let?s see who made the cut.  Hi! The Wedding
I?m Monica Gellar. Who do you know the bride and groom? The Wedding
Used to work with her. Used to! I?m a relative and I didn?t get invited! A blood relative! Blood!!
 So, how about you huh? How do you know the happy couple? The Second
Here?s Frannie. Hmm, won?t she be happy to see me? 
Frannie was the one who found your Playboys and showed them to mom.
Am I doing here? Why? Surprised to see me? Ross brought me. How do you like that?!
You invite my brother, you invite my whole family, and not me?! Why?! What?Why wouldn?t you want me at your wedding? What could I have possibly done?!  Stuart!
Okay, we?ve been out here for two hours and we haven?t seen any stupid comets. Can we go now? I mean, Chandler?s getting chilly. 
Deep Impact was the one with Robert Duval, Armageddon is what?s going to happen to you if you wake me up.
It is in the living room where there is also a light! And no one will kick you in the shin.
With a wok?  I thought you were going to read my boring book to put you asleep.
Here, let me make the milk, I?m up anyway.
The second sister dies in Archie and Jughead Double Digest?
Okay, here?s your milk. What do you want to talk about? 
Ohh! Ohhhh! Were you sleeping sweetie? I?m sorry. Here. 
You do know that was me who just said that right?  Hey. As long as we?re both up?
Yeah. We-we had sex and then we fell asleep.
Nooo! No, that?s not true. No, best time ever! Yeah, you rocked me world! 
Okay. Okay, I?m ready. Come on big fella!
That really was some of your best work.
I have to be up in seven minutes.
 Hey Ross! So, I was checking out the uh, real estate section?
I can?t believe mom and dad are selling the house!
Well, after 15 years of mom and dad keeping it as a shrine to you, it?s time the velvet ropes came down.
Oh please! Dad turned my room into a gym 20 minutes after I moved out! I gotta say, a tanning bed and a stack of Victoria?s Secret catalogues, not a gym!
Oh that?s a great idea. You?re really good on the phone.
Oh, that?s okay, I can?t wait to see everything again! All of the memories? Mr.
Hey, it is unreasonable to expect a child to wait for a light bulb to cook brownies!  Mr.
Hey, I just whipped us up some Easy Bake treats, they should be ready in about three days. Mr.
 Really? Wow! It looks like I had some trouble staying inside the lines.
Wow! Look at this!  I can?t believe I even fit into this shirt! 
 This isn?t mine.  Hey, this isn?t, this isn?t my stuff! Ugh, Ross!  These are your boxes! Where are my boxes?
So why-why wasn?t Ross?s stuff ruined?  And if you say the words medical marvel I?m going to Easy Bake your head! Mr.
So wait, Ross?s stuff is fine, but I have no memories because you wanted to keep the bottom two inches of your car away from water!!! Mr.
Oh, this terrible! Everything is destroyed! Look at this.  It obviously meant enough for me to save it, and I don?t even know what it is! Ohh, it?s still soft.  What do you think this is?
How do you think I am?! You?ve wrecked all my childhood memories. You love Ross more than me. And I just rubbed a dead mouse on my face!  Mr.
Wait, you?re giving me your Porsche, you?re kidding me right?!
Do you guys know what happened to Chandler?s barca lounger?
They all came from the list you handed out to us two weeks ago.
Rach, you?re in a great place in your life. Come on, you?ve got a great job! Good friends?
Well, doing nothing on your thirtieth is better than doing something stupid, like Ross.
All right Rach, for what it?s worth, I think that you?re doing great. I mean y?know let?s face it, no one handles this well.
Nooo!  Okay.  Whoa!  Okay. See I was, I was a little nervous about turning  thirty.  So the bus boys took me out for some drinks.  I wanna puke on you later!
Oh no! My parents have never seen me drunk!  That they know of.
Ross, just forget about it. This guy?s got you totally wedged in. 
All you had to do was buy the card!
Really! That long?!   Look all you want, it?s happening!
You are so handsome! I wanna make love to you right here, right now! 
I-I-I wanna thank you all for coming. My family and my friends?
I really like to say that I?m-um?  Y?know what I?d really like to say? I?m drunk!!  That?s right mom and dad your little Harmonica is hammered!!  And guess what! I?ve been drunk before! And I?ve smoked a cigarette! And I got a box of Ding-Dongs hidden in my underwear drawer! It?s all okay. It?s okay because I turned thirty today. And, and I can do anything I want! Because I am a grown up. 
Phoebe, y?know why don?t we just go upstairs and have some birthday cake?
I?m glad you?re here, we have a couple of things to ask you about the wedding ceremony.
Uh, so anyway, we thought one of you could read something during the ceremony.
Okay, so Ross will be doing the reading.
Do you mind telling us what it is?
And the way she slaps all the time!
Wouldn?t you love to do it just once?! 
It sounds like it?s coming from across the street.
No, there is no way! It can not be Ross!  Unbelievable! Why is your family Scottish?!
He cannot play at our wedding! I mean everyone will leave! I mean come on, that is just noise! It?s not even a song!
Do you want some shortbread? Eh that?s Scottish like you are.
No! No-no they?re not. They?re still very angry! But y?know Chandler is also half-Swedish. You know what the Swedish people are famous for? Sitting down and being quiet.
 You can not play bagpipes at the wedding!!
 Oh my God! It?s true!! Oh my God you are so amazing! Oh my God, can I just ask you to do me oh, just one favor?
Would you slap me? Would you slap me right here in the face?! 
 Oh wait, just one more thing! One more minute!  Umm, you?re a stupid bitch.
Nice to meet you! My God you?re great!
What about the second minister we meet with? I kinda liked him.
Well, we?re trying to find someone to perform our wedding and they?re all either boring or annoying or y?know, can?t stop staring at the ladies.  
Phoebe, we?re getting married, married; not sixth grade married.
Oh, I?m sorry. Can I get you something?
Okay, while we?re waiting for these pills to kick in, I?m gonna sit you down on the couch. Come on.  Get some nice soft pillows under your head, I?m gonna turn the TV on and you can watch whatever you want. And I?m?Sit down??gonna make you some tea. And then, I?m gonna rub your feet.
No Phoebe, those are like the side affects and stuff.
Phoebe, relax none of that stuff ever happens! They just put it on there for legal reasons!
Phoebe, your face is fine! Come on, none of this stuff is going to happen to you! Stop being such a baby!
I gotcha. Sorry.  So, did you ever make him throw up a whole anything?
No that is not what happened with us. Well, I was umm, I was really sad that night because this guy that I was Ross?s mom.
And then Chandler was, was really sweet and he consoled me. And well we drank too much?
 Cute PJ?s! You?re really livin? it up here in London huh?
I know, I just thought it would be fun.
Drunk enough to know that I want to do this. Not so drunk that you should feel guilty about taking advantage.
Do you wanna do it at the same time?
Okay, can we change the topic? Because it?s really doing nothing for me.
Okay, fine but please don?t be upset! Okay? I was really depressed okay? And really drunk! I just wanted something stupid and meaningless. I just wanted?just sex. So, when I?went to your room that night?I was actually looking?for Joey. 
Noo!! The point is that is was you that was there that night! It is you that I am marrying! It is you that I feel in love with!
Chandler, please! Do you know how unbelievably glad I am that Joey was not there that night?!
Wait Chandler come on, let?s?it?s not a big deal!
So the wedding caterer sent me this list of twelve appetizers and I have to narrow it down to six.
No, I?ll do it. You just stick to your job.
This is it. Yeah, this is the one. I can?t believe I found it!  The
Well I?m Monica Geller, ball like a baby. The
No, I can?t afford this either. No. I-I-I?m, I?m just to figure out which one I want then I?m gonna get it at Kleinman?s, this discount place in Brooklyn, day after tomorrow they are having a huge sale.
All right, listen up. There is usually only one dress in each size so when they open those doors, fan out. Now, this is what you?re looking for!  Memorize it! When you locate the dress, blow on these. All right?  Three short blasts, when you hear it. Come running.
No. No. Not it. Not it. Not it.   Don?t crowd me!  This is it! This is the dress! Oh my God, it?s perfect!  I?m sorry, this one?s taken!  Whoa!
Yes it is! You saw me wearing it!
What? You freak! You wouldn?t even have known about this place if it wasn?t for me!
Hello?  What?!  You what?!  Hey you listen here missy!  Wh?
That was that girl Megan! She booked the Swing Kings on the day of our wedding and said that I couldn?t have them back unless I gave her the dress!
What am I gonna do?! That is the dress! That is the dress! Wh?Chandler wants the band. What do I do?
Phoebe, he?s gotta be in the room for that to work.
Well umm, we were just talking about the y?know, the Swing Kings and just wondering whether y?know, they were the right way to go.
No! We only mess around at his place!
Oh. I guess you can. Okay but; I-I have to return it, so you can?t like it.
Oh because it doesn?t?really fit. Oh by the way, I-I booked the Swing Kings.
Okay! But you can?t rip it. Well, maybe a little.
 Hey guys! Do you wanna look at the song list for the wedding?  Guys?
I?m sorry. I?m sorry. I-I should probably leave you girls alone. 
Congratulations! Wow! I can?t believe you?re nominated for an Emmy!
Op, can I just tell you something? Very flattered but umm, I?m engaged.  The Cute
Okay, stop it Phoebe, you?re getting me all tingly.
Oh, I haven?t had that feeling since I first started going out with Chandler. Wow, I?m never gonna have that feeling again am I?
No, a guy would be saying, "I?m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else." Oh my God! I?m never gonna get to sleep with anyone else! I?ve been so busy planning the wedding that I forgot about all the things that I?d be giving up! I mean, I?I?m never gonna have a first kiss again.
Phoebe, it?s okay. You don?t have to tip toe around me. I-I?ve been thinking about it and umm, y?know what? I?m okay about not having that new relationship feeling?
See? That?s what I mean. I mean that, that?s great! But I wouldn?t trade in what I have for that. I mean I?m gonna be with Chandler for the rest of my life, and that?s what makes me happy.  Hey sweetie, come here! Come sit down. Hey Phoebe and I were just talking about how our relationship is deep and meaningful. It really is don?t you think?
?Cause I just keeping thinking about all these things that I?m not gonna have and it?s freaking me out. I don?t know what to do about it.
Phoebe! Come on I?m serious! I just got to talk to him about all this.
So I?m not supposed to share my doubts and fears with the guy I?m gonna spend the rest of my life with?
The woman that got married a bunch of times and killed herself when you were 13?
Honey, as we get closer to the wedding, is there anything that you would like to talk about or share?
You?re wrong! The centerpieces are fine! Do you ever get scared at all?
Doesn?t it ever just freak you out that-that you?re never gonna be with anybody new again?
Just, I love you so much. Just?It?s just sometimes it bothers me that I?m never gonna have that feeling. Y?know when you meet someone for the first time and it?s new and exciting? Y?know that rush?
Okay, but all right you?re a guy, does it not freak you that you?re never gonna sleep with anybody else?
Come here! Come here!  Sweetie you don?t have to worry. No, besides y?know what? I?m gonna have a lot of new things with you. The first time we buy a house. Our first kid. Our first grandkid?
Yeah. But a part of me also can?t wait ?til it?s over. Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex again until the wedding.
Hey Phoebe, will you give me a hand?
I gotta make up the guest bedroom.  Hey, Cousin Cassie is coming to stay with us a few days.
I know you?re planning my surprise bridal shower.
Hey! What did you decide to do about the movie?
No! No you should! A lot of major actors do nude scenes! I mean the chance to star in a movie? Come on!
Okay.  But wait, we can?t. My Cousin Cassie is in the guest room, we?re supposed to have lunch.
Because Purvry Perverson over here can?t stop staring at her.
You were staring about eight inches south of there.
So to get this part you can?t be?
Wow! Wow! And it?s definitely all gone? There?s nothing there to work with?  What were you thinking?
Joey! This is not like learning to ride a horse! This is like learning to?grow a turtleneck!
Oh my God, what are you gonna do?!
Well, this may sound crazy, but there maybe something we could fashion.
Well I?m not sure yet, but umm of the top of my head I?m thinking double sided tape and some sort of luncheon meat.
Well uh, I?m trying to make something for Joey. Do you mind if I raid your fridge?
Okay.  All right, turkey. Eh, that won?t work. Cheese?  That won?t work. Olive loaf?  I hope that won?t work.
No it?s umm, more like a wrap. Okay so uh, I?m gonna go guys. Phoebe and
I guess you can get back to deciding on what to get me for a present! 
Okay, we have a lot of options here, a number of prototypes for you to try on.
Yeah! Okay, this one is a mushroom cap.  Umm, this one is made of bologna. 
Okay?  Over here we have pink suede, which is nice. But umm, if it gets wet then you know it?s gonna shrink.
I also, did a little something in fur. But umm, that?s really just for me.  Okay. So, why don?t you go into your room and try these on and we?ll see?get a better idea of what?s gonna work.
Phoebe! Rachel! It?s Monica! I wonder what you could possibly need me for on such short notice!  Oh.
Well no wait a minute that?s not true! No, what did, that was really sweet. And it kinda works out for the best.
Well now, I get to spend my shower with the only people I really love! I mean, I get all those presents  without having to talk to people I don?t even like! 
Wait a minute, she isn?t? She?s not the one who you?
 Okay so this is where the band is.  And this is where the bar is.  And all these pins have people?s names on them.  And Rach, here you are. 
 Okay, the red ones are my guests and the blue ones are yours.
Chandler, relax it?s not a contest.  Certainly not a close one.
Okay, I think that?s it. The seating chart is done. This is our wedding. They all look like they?re having fun don?t they?
Oh!  Let?s see, well?if this is the wedding hall then umm  you?re parents will be at home in Queens.
Oh please, you just want more blue pins.
All right, all right. Maybe I can fit them in if I just do some rearranging. But uh, Rachel may actually have to sit at the bar!
Hey. Oh good-good you?re here! All right, I figured it out. I?m gonna take two tables of eight, I?m gonna add your parents, and I?m gonna turn them into three tables of six. Okay? And I called the caterer; I added two extra meals, we are good to go!
Oh that?s too bad. It?s true, but too bad.
 Hello?  Yeah, hi! Mrs. Tribbiani?  Hi, this is Monica Geller.  Yeah I?m just calling to say that Chandler and I uh, really hope you can make it to the wedding. Yeah, apparently a bunch of invitations that we sent weren?t delivered. Umm, I guess there was some screw up at the damn post office!   T-Tell me about it!  Yeah, yeah, the US Post Office? No, more like US lost office!  What are they Irish?! 
Well, he did manage to keep his identity secret for a long time.
What are you talking about?! 007 has all those gadgets!
How about you go put on your 007 tuxedo and I?ll make you a nice martini.
How about a Youhoo with a funny straw?
Have you ever been to one of my weddings?
A little tight? I could see double-oh and seven in those pants.
All right that?s it, I give up! Whatever you want you can have it! You wanna sing a song? You wanna do a dance? You want your mom stand at the Alter and scream racial slurs? I don?t care!
Do you realize that four weeks from today we?re getting married? Four weeks baby!! Four weeks!!!
There?s still so much to do. Have you written your vows yet?
Sweetie, you know I have no sense of humor when it comes to the wedding.
No! But I know exactly what I?m going to say.
 Let?s just do it right now. Okay? It won?t be hard. Just say what?s in your heart. 
You have to help me! I?m supposed to be writing my vows and all I have is this! 
Those are my eyes! Those are my breasts. 
Ooh, are we allowed to lie in the vows?!
Now everybody knows the basic erogenous zones.  You got one, two three, four , five, six, and seven!
All right. Umm, you could uh start out with a little 1, a 2, a 1-2-3, 3, 5, a 4, a 3-2, 2, a 2-4-6, 2-4-6, 4,  2, 2, 4-7, 5-7, 6-7, 7 ?7..?7?7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7?!  
No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
 Do you think he knew I was here?  
You said you loved me! I can't believe this!
Then you?d be going back and forth all the time, I mean it doesn?t make any sense.
Chandler? In all my life? I never thought I would be so lucky.  As to?fall in love with my best?my best? There?s a reason why girls don?t do this!
Come in! Come in!  We?re engaged!!!  Commercial Break
Yes, but you cannot tell anyone! No one knows!
Please? Please?! We just don't want to deal with telling everyone, okay? Just promise you won't tell. 
 I can't wait to be with you! I'll just tell Rachel I'm gonna be doing laundry for a couple of hours.
 Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big?
Ohhh, oh my God! Oh my God! She knows about us! 
Oh man, they think they are so slick messing with us! But see they don't know that we know that they know! So?
You go back out there and you seduce her till she cracks!
Oh, that's Nana, right there in the middle.  'Me and the gang at Java Joe's'.
Yeah, I don?t hear Chandler?s and he doesn?t hear mine.
Yeah, well he?s my brother! And plus he drives so slow he could never hurt it.
Whatever Ross! Just replace the bulbs in the brake lights after you?re done.
Nice work everybody! So much for the y?know, "You can drive it, but don?t tell Rachel" plan!
Great! Well Rachel, the reason why I won?t let you drive the Porsche is because you?re a terrible driver. There! That wasn?t about the wedding.
Chandler, we still haven?t gotten an RSVP from your dad.
Chandler! He?s your father; he should be at the wedding.
Well what are you gonna do when he finds out he wasn?t even asked?!
So what! As long as he?s not wearing a white dress and a veil I don?t care.
It?s your suitcase. We?re going to Las Vegas.
We?re going to Las Vegas to see your dad. It?s time you two talked, and I want to get to know my father-in-law.
No you didn?t. Oh and honey just so you know, now that you?re marrying me, you don?t get to win anymore.
Chandler, look I-I know that your dad embarrassed you. I know?
Hey, the point is that he was at everyone of your swim meets and he was there cheering you on! Okay? That?s a, that?s a pretty great dad.
Chandler, you?re not fourteen anymore. Okay? Maybe it?s time that you let that stuff go. If your father?s not at your wedding?you?re gonna regret it for the rest of your life.
Uh oh yeah, she did. Uh, he did.  She?  I?m-I?m sorry I?m new. I don?t? Waiter in
I still say that if we had called your dad we coulda gotten better seats.
Relax! You?ll be fine.  Oh much better. You?re invisible now.
Can we have our drinks please?! Waiter?Uh, tress!
Do you realize this is probably the last time we?ll all be here in the coffee house as six single people?
We?re gonna pick up the wedding dress then we?re gonna have lunch with mom. 
I?m making a list of all the things that are most likely to go wrong at the wedding. Now, that way I can be prepared.
Well, so far I have uh, my bride?s maids dresses won?t get picked up, my veil gets lost, or I don?t have my something blue.
I had to go with the odds Rach.
Wait! Wait! Wait! You can?t start today! Today?s the rehearsal dinner!
Oh. Well then way to go you big movie star!
Who did we fight in World War I?
 I don?t have anything like that, but let me go see if Rachel does.
Hey, do you realize that at this time tomorrow we?ll be getting married?
I just, I can?t believe that we made it!
Well?honestly ever since we got engaged I have been waiting for something to, to flip you out.
Ohh, I?m so glad. Thank you so much for staying so calm during this. I mean it?s really, it?s made me stay calm.  I coulda been worse!
 Hi! If you?re calling before Saturday, you?ve reached Monica and Chandler. But if you?re calling after Saturday, you?ve reached Mr. and Mrs. Bing! Please leave a message for the Bings! 
Hey Maureen!  Gosh! Hey uh, Chandler? This is my cousin Maureen.
Mrs. Bing? Here, these are my parents umm, Judy and Jack Geller. Mrs.
Dad! There?s Ross , why don?t you go talk to him?  Mr.
It-it?s so great to see you both here. Mr.
Oh, Rach! Rach! Umm hey, could you do me a favor and would talk to Chandler?s dad and try to keep him away from Chandler?s mom?
He is the man in the black dress.
All right, I?m gonna go steam my wedding dress okay? Who wants the responsibility of making sure nothing happens to it?
Nobody wants to do it? All right, I?ll do it myself.
Y?know what? You?re right, I?m sorry. Actually you were a big help tonight. Yeah, and thanks for putting my grandmother in the cab and making sure she got to the hotel safely.
 I?m getting married today!!!   I think I just cracked a rib. But I don?t care because today?s my wedding day! My day is finally here!! 
Hey! Okay, so I thought we?d start with my make up and then do my hair.
Yeah you will! The right guy is just around the corner! Okay, are we done with that?
Any woman would be lucky to have ya.
 The days and nights are hard! I get it! Okay? Look umm, Rachel I?m sorry! I have to start getting ready! I?m getting married today!
 I?m gonna go put my make up on, we have to be at the hotel in an hour! 
How can that be?! Oh wait! Wait! Are you, are you serious?!
Oh wow! Okay. Don?t scare me like that okay? I mean for a minute there I was like, "Oh my God! The worst has happened!" 
Chandler, for so long I?I wondered if I would ever find my prince, my soul mate. Then three years ago, at another wedding I turned to a friend for comfort. And in stead, I found everything that I?d ever been looking for my whole life. And now?here we are?with our future before us?and I only want to spend it with you, my prince, my soul mate, my friend. Unless you don?t want to. You go!
You didn?t tell anybody I was did you?!
 Oh, about that. Joey, you have to change before the party.
Find some! Please! Anything that doesn?t say I-I died tragically in France. 
Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?!  Does this look like a conversation that I want to remember?!
Phoebe, come on, you have to tell us.
Honey, I?m going to put my hand in your pocket!
Well, are you going to be able to do this?
Well, the good news is, I don?t think anyone?s looking at us. 
Honey, I?m not even going to pretend I was listening.  Hey! Hey!  
Of course not nothing is. Between me and you?
?in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
Well I-I talked to and uh, she?s definitely going to have this baby. Y?know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it?s gonna be.
Well, there?s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she?s not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
Yes! Maybe it?s a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?
You-you gotta take it now. Come on, do it as a present to me.
Oh, wait a minute! Who?s is the father?!
Oh, come on it?s my wedding! That can be my present.
Hey, are you ready to get back on the dance floor?
Ohh come on, I love this song! Come on, you?ll be fine. 
Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me.  Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn?t matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on.  Just try not to move your feet at all.  There you go.  Mr.
 Did I miss it?  Rachel, I-I want you to know that, if it?s positive, we?re gonna?
You didn?t tell anybody I was did you?!
 Oh, about that. Joey, you have to change before the party.
Find some! Please! Anything that doesn?t say I-I died tragically in France. 
Wait a minute! So you told people I was pregnant?!  Does this look like a conversation that I want to remember?!
Phoebe, come on, you have to tell us.
Honey, I?m going to put my hand in your pocket!
Well, are you going to be able to do this?
Well, the good news is, I don?t think anyone?s looking at us. 
Honey, I?m not even going to pretend I was listening.  Hey! Hey!  
Of course not nothing is. Between me and you?
?in this day and age how dumb do you have to be to get pregnant?
Well I-I talked to and uh, she?s definitely going to have this baby. Y?know, she said she was gonna raise it on her own.
Maybe. I just hope she realizes how hard it?s gonna be.
Well, there?s a lot to think about. I mean, how is she, how is she going to handle this financially? How is she going to juggle work? Does she realize she?s not going to have a date again for the next eighteen years?
Yes! Maybe it?s a false positive. Are you sure you peed on the stick right?
You-you gotta take it now. Come on, do it as a present to me.
Oh, wait a minute! Who?s is the father?!
Oh, come on it?s my wedding! That can be my present.
Hey, are you ready to get back on the dance floor?
Ohh come on, I love this song! Come on, you?ll be fine. 
Oh sweetie, you can never embarrass me.  Okay, you can easily embarrass me. But come on, it doesn?t matter. All right? I married you! So I want to dance on my wedding night with my husband. Come on.  Just try not to move your feet at all.  There you go.  Mr.
 Did I miss it?  Rachel, I-I want you to know that, if it?s positive, we?re gonna?
That?s right. Get it out of your system while we?re alone.
Oh no, I already packed. The only thing I couldn?t find though was your Speedo. 
This is so great! And I?m gonna be your baby?s aunt!
Yeah, but I?m the only one related by blood.
Well I guess there is no harm in telling you now, Rachel and Ross are gonna have a baby.
I didn?t think you could keep it a secret.
I?m in love too! But in an orderly fashion. Ticket
 Hi! Can you do that and walk? ?Cause she said, "Next." 
 Did you hear that?! They bumped them up to first class because they are on their honeymoon! Come on! Let?s act like we?re on our honeymoon.
Hi, sorry. I almost didn?t hear you, because y?know I?m just so in love with my new husband. We?re on our honeymoon. Ticket
Oh no, you see we?re on our honeymoon. So umm, can you do your little thing and bump us up to first class? Ticket
You see, if we?d gone around them like I said, we?She would?ve given us those tickets. Damnit!
Look at that! Look at that! They?re going into the first class lounge! Do you know what they have in there?
No!! You have been screwing us all day!
Yeah! You already got the first class tickets; you got the lounge! I mean we should get free stuff too! I mean you?re not the only ones on your honeymoon!
No!  Are you doing it?! I don?t hear anything! Come on!
You?re really sticking with the shell necklace huh?  
Oh, so much fun. But the best part is, we met this incredible couple on the way back.
No, they were really cool. They were on their honeymoon too!
Yeah, can we go call them? Is it too soon to call? I wanna call.
This is different! Greg and Jenny are in a relationship.
It was great! It was great! How about you?! I mean you?re having a baby!
All right, so now that Ross knows can you tell us y?know how it happened? I mean, when did it happen? How many times did it happen?
Do you still wanna call ?em? I wanna call ?em.
They gave us a fake number? Why? Why would they do that?
And you?ve never been funnier. Joke, joke, joke, you were a hoot!
I still don't get why Greg and Jenny would give us a fake number.
Okay, maybe people give out fake numbers, but they don?t give out fake names.
I know! Although, you did tell an awful lot of jokes.
 Sweetie okay. It?s okay. Everybody made it to the wedding. I?m fine.
 Hello Greg?  Hi, this is Monica from the plane? Listen, the number that you gave me 853-5?   That is their old number! Jenny?s been giving it out since they moved!
Okay, now this one is rare, this one is medium well! Now go-go-go!  Hey Phoebe!
Uh Tim? This is Phoebe. Phoebe this is Tim, my new sous chef.
Hey Tim? I need a calamari and a Caesar salad. And umm, could you get me the pesto?
All right, I still need a calamari and a Caesar salad.
All right, all right! Let?s just cut to the chase, okay?  You?re single.  You?re single.  He gets off work at eleven.  She?ll be waiting for your call.  I?ll give him your number if I can get one calamari and one Caesar salad!!  I did not yell. I am not putting a dollar in the jar. Opening Credits
Because he?s terrible! Okay, he?s slow, he burns things, last night he lit my pastry chef on fire!
Well, now she has no eyebrows, mission accomplished.
 All right, but if-if he lights someone else on fire he is out of there!
Hey. Okay, I gave him another chance, but Tim has got to go!
No! No-no! He is totally incompetent. I called the chef who recommended him to me. He said, "Ha-ha! Gotcha!"
What? So now I?m not allowed to fire him?
Okay well then, I?ll fire him today and you go out with him for another week.
Okay well, then we?ll both do it today and he?ll just have to deal with it!
I wanted to do this days ago so I think I should go first.
Uh well that depends, how are things with Phoebe?
Oh my pleasure. Okay, I?m afraid I?ve got some bad news.  Phoebe!
Yeah and-and I?m sorry too. But, well I just?I like things done a certain way and the chemistry?s just not right.
Umm, I think I spoke too quickly. There-there?s a learning curve with this job and maybe we can try it again.
I know it?s last minute, but we decided to have a Halloween party.
And everybody has to wear costumes.  Come on! It?ll be fun!
I?m Catwoman, who wants to borrow the dress when you?re too big for it.
What?! I thought he?d love it! His favorite kid's book was the Velveteen Rabbit!
Well, it was either a pink bunny or no bunny at all.
Who do you think would win in a fight, Catwoman or Supergirl?
No you?re fine.  All right well, do you think I could take Rachel?
What?! Come on I am tough! Punch me right here!  As hard as you can!
Oh really? Okay? Well what would you say if I told you that, y?know, Ross or Chandler could beat you up?
You?re getting a crush on your sister?s fiancee.
Ross is really strong! Okay, he?s the strongest out of all three of you!  Except for Joey.
Wait-wait!! Okay, stop it! Stop it! Stop!  Now listen, no one?s gonna fight in this apartment.
 Look honey, you don?t have to do this, okay? It?s the strength you have inside that means the most to me. You?re loyal, you?re honest, and you have integrity! That?s the kind of strength that I want in the man that I love!
Look, I wanted to tell I?m-I?m sorry you lost.
Oh my God! You cleaned!  Look at these floors! You did the windows! Oh, I have been begging you for months and you did! You cleaned! And nagging works!
Oh no, was I cleaning in my sleep again?
 I hope by maid you mean mistress, because if some other woman was here cleaning then?
Oh, relinquish is just a fancy word for lose!
Well, usually when I?m this anxious, I clean! Opening Credits
Oh well umm, I make it myself! It?s two parts ammonia and one part lemon juice. And now the secret ingredient is?y?know what? We just met.
I have been looking for them all week and she is wearing them!
I will prove it to you! Okay? About a week ago I was wearing those jeans and I dropped a pen in my lap and it left an ink stain on the crotch. Now when she comes back I will find it and show you that stain!
Fine. I?m just glad I didn?t give her my secret ingredient.
Oh, will you do the top of the cabinets? That?ll really work up your appetite for lunch.
I?m sorry. I?ve never had a maid before, is this not okay? Commercial Break
Hey! Umm, I think Brenda needs a raise.
Because I put my head between her legs.
No! I was just getting into position and then everything went dark.
My pink flowered bra! I recognize the strap!
Here?s the plan! Okay? I?m going to leave you get a look at Brenda?s bra!
I would do it but she thinks I?m attracted to her!
Did you not hear where my head was? Come on! Come on we?re a team! We?re in this together!
Do this for me! Come on, I catch you looking at woman?s breasts all the time!
Yes! Absolutely. Okay? Look, you?ll know it?s mine because on the right cup, the lacey part, there?s a very noticeable rip.
Oh no! Did you take my bra too?!
I?m sorry, they surprised me. There was nothing I could do!
Ugh, I knew giving you that book was gonna come back and bite me in the ass! Opening Credits
 Oh my God! You are gonna love me so much! I felt really bad about the whole bachelorette party thing, so tonight you?re gonna have a bachelor party.
Yeah, I got this number from this guy at work and I hired a stripper to come dance for you. Am I going in the wife hall of fame or what?!
Come on! Come on, it?ll be fun! It?ll make me feel so much better.
So don?t think of it as a bachelor party, think of it as a?a two month anniversary present.
Please! I feel so bad! Just watch the hot woman get naked!
Thank you. All right, now who else do you want to invite?
Yeah! Hey! Thanks for getting me that girl?s number.
Is that, is that what they call strippers sometimes?
Oh my God Stu! I-I can?t believe you did this! Now are you absolutely sure she?s a hooker?
 She?s a hooker! She?s a hooker! She?s a?  Hi! Uh, we spoke on the phone. 
I swear I didn?t know she was a hooker! I mean wh?Did you let her smoke in here?
Y?know what? I?m gonna make this up to you. I promised you a stripper , and you?re gonna get a stripper. 
Ooh, these tennis shoes are so tight. I think I?ll take them off. 
 Oh good you?re all here. Thanksgiving tomorrow, four o?clock.  Oh, guess who I invited. Remember that guy Will Colbert from high school?
He was in Ross?s class?marching band?kinda overweight? Well, really overweight. I mean I was his thin friend.
No that was Jarred! Wow! I haven?t thought about him in a long time?   Anyway, umm Will?s, Will?s here on business and he didn?t have a place to go so I invited him here.
Oh, and by the way, he?s lost a bunch of weight. I mean he looks goo-ood! Okay, I mean really, really gorgeous!  I still love Chandler.
All right okay, just so you know, I?m not gonna make a turkey this year.
All right! Okay, it?s just Phoebe. Will?s still on a diet, Chandler doesn?t eat Thanksgiving food, and Rachel?s having her aversion to poultry.
Anyway, it just doesn?t seem worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. Okay? It?s a lot of work.
All right fine! If it means that much to you! But just?there?s gonna be a ton left over.
All right, you?re telling me you can eat an entire turkey in just one sitting?
Hey, isn?t weird to think about how next year at this time they?ll be a little baby at the table?   Rachel?s! But good to know where you?re at!
Actually there is. Chandler usually helps me with this, but he?s really into the game so I don?t want to bother him. Could you help me fold these napkins? 
I?m gonna go across the hall to check on the yams.
No! No! No! No sweetie! No! Not like that! We?re not at a barn dance. You?ve gotta?you wanna fold them like swans. Like I showed you at Christmas time, remember?
Aww thanks! God Will I?m so glad that you came! You look great! You must?ve lost like?
You wanna meet some people? This is uh; this is my husband Chandler. Chandler, this is Will.
Well you look incredible too! You?re just?you?re so fit!
Oh umm, I meant to tell you, Ross is coming.
Hey, what are you doing? You gotta save room, you?ve got almost an entire turkey to eat.
 Uh Rachel? Rachel, why don?t you sit here?  And Will you sit way over there.  
 This is Chandler?s chicken. This is the turkey. 
 Apparently you were umm, a little mean to him in high school.
I swear I didn?t.  Hey! Is that why you guys used to go up to your bedroom and lock the door? Ross and
I thought it might be true. And I was afraid that you were gonna cry and then show it to me. 
Well you-you did start that rumor about Ross making out with Mrs. Altman, our 50-year-old librarian.
All right, listen you?re just being silly. Rachel, even with that rumor you were one of the most popular girls in school and everyone wanted to be like you. One girl wanted to be like you so much she stuffed her pants with a Tootsie Roll!
And Ross, if it weren?t for Rachel?s rumor I mean no one in high school would even know who you were. She put you on the map!
Hey! Mrs. Altman was the kind of woman you could tell she used to be pretty.
Hey guys this stuff is just so way in the past. You-you?ve been through so much since then. And right now you?ve got so much more important stuff going on in your life. Can?t you just let this go?
Well Joey, we?re all?we?re all very proud of you.
Yes! Now, they?re a little more than I normally spend on boots?or rent 
I?m sorry, they just, they just look so good! And the saleswoman was looking at me like, "Oh, these are way too expensive for you."
Honey, I?m not returning them. Okay? I mean I-I know they cost a lot, but I?m going to wear them all the time. You?ll see. Besides, I love the compliments. I mean, have you ever had something so beautiful everyone wanted it?
Nice try; I?m keeping the boots. Opening Credits
See Chandler? I?m getting a lot of use out of them already! They?re very practical. See, you can wear them with dresses, with skirts, with pants?
The guy who made these hates feet and wants to see them die!
I can?t! I spent so much money on them and I told Chandler that I?d wear them all the time, I just can?t give them away!
I can?t do that either! The soles? are already a little scuffed up and the insides are filled with my blood.
Honey, we don?t really have to go to this thing tonight do we?
I-I don?t-I don?t think that I?m gonna wear the boots tonight.
Well y?know, I?m just-I?m just worried that bosses will see them and think they pay you too much money. Or! Or your assistant will see them and-and want a raise!
Anyway, I picked up this outfit that I want to wear and the, and the boots don?t really go with it.
Fine! If you want me to wear the boots, I?ll wear the boots. In fact, I?ll go into my room right now and y?know try the outfit on.
Okay?  Ooo wee! Christmas party in my boots! 
Yeah! I didn?t know there would be dancing. That was a fun surprise!
Hey! Do you think that we can get to the subway right there if we climb down through the manhole cover?
I can?t walk. Okay? Okay? These boots were a huge mistake!
Okay you were right! All right, I never should have bought them! They?re killing me! One toe at a time!
How are we gonna get home? Maybe a piggy-back ride?
Okay. Wait, just give me a second, I need to just get my boots off first.  Ah?Ooh?Oohh?Ohh?Oh God?Ohh?Oh?Ohh?Ohhhh?
My boots in tan! Hey! Can you get a little closer so I can see the price?
Okay, I?m sorry. I think I can walk the rest of the way now. Just-just give me my boots.
Well I don?t have them either. Where are they?
Okay.  God well, we gotta go back and get them!
Okay, I?m never gonna wear them again. I just didn?t get a chance to say goodbye.
I can?t think of anything we?re doing.  Why can?t I think of anything we?re doing?
Okay, I?ll see you tomorrow!  Just so you know, we?re not seeing him tomorrow.  I-I cannot spend another evening with that man. Do you remember how he behaved at our wedding?
That?s because he wasn?t invited because of the way he behaved at our engagement party.
Oh yeah, the Evander Holyfield phase. Oh man you were so hard up you practically came on to me.
Hey, I could?ve had you if I wanted you.
You and Mona are doing a holiday card together?
Like asking her to move in with you?
All right. Have you said, "I love you?" You could say, I love you.
Rachel umm, I was just talking to this guy and I think he?ll have sex with you.
Come here. I can breath through my mouth.
I promise. Hey, speaking of together, how about we send out a holiday card this year?
 I love it! It?s huge!! Let?s open it! Open it!! 
Oh well, maybe we can put it in the guest bedroom.
Are you kidding?! I practically spent my entire childhood at the arcade! This is like?Oh my, this is like my second favorite game!
Well I-I really don?t remember the name of it.
Well, you just?you put a quarter in and y?know pull-pull some handles and win like a candy bar or something.
Don?t feel bad for me! I won like every time! Opening Credits
Okay, I?m next.  Don?t! Don?t start another game! I said I?m next! Phoebe!
You only think it?s stupid because you suck at it.
No! No-no! I love it! It is a great present! In fact, why don?t you go home and wait for the thank you card?
Okay. Phoebe that?s it. Come on, get out?out of the chair. Get out!  Oh come?Phoebe!
Wait a minute, you stayed home all day and played Ms. Pac-Man while I went off to work like some kind of chump?!
Hey wait a minute, this one isn?t dirty.
Ah, well if you don?t clear this off, you won?t be getting one of those from me. But Ben?s coming over here tomorrow to play this game, this can?t be there.
All right, look I?m just gonna unplug it.
All right fine. Fine, I?ll do it. I?ve just got to get this off the screen. Carol and Susan are still upset that you taught him pull my finger.
Okay, I got that. I?ll escape over there. I?ll come back over here. All right, come on Ms. Pac-Man. It?s got?Right? Well, you?re just a little bitch, aren?t you?
But Ben is coming over tonight and he can?t see this.
How dirty do you think I am? I?m telling you, if you had some candles and some bubbles and some music, you would love it! It would take all of your stress away.
Boy, do I have a surprise for you!
No, but someone?s really not going to get over that idea, are they?
Please, could you just try it for me? Come on, I used all my best stuff! I-I-I lit some candles. I put on some music. I used bath salts, plus bubble bath! And got you this little plastic Navy ship. So it?s a boy bath!
I swear, if you try it, you will love it!
Bet I know how that discussion?s going to go. 
I told you you were a bath person! Hey, when you get out, maybe I can give you a facial!
You know what? I-I think I?ll wait out here.
Well, I actually had the weirdest conversation with Joey. He was talking about rules and right and wrong and?
Okay. So you, me and London. Looking at people differently. Maybe he wants to do what you and I did in London with someone.
Wait a minute! He stopped talking the minute Phoebe came in!
And Phoebe is his friend, so he thinks that would be breaking the rules!
Why would I say anything? That two of our best friends could start the greatest love affair of their lives! And they would have me to thank, and we could all start having babies?
I thought I lost it. I got a new one, like, a month ago.
I mean, I-I, I really shouldn?t say. I mean, I?m really not supposed to.
I guess that makes sense. So, you think you?re going to talk to him?
Yeah, I?m going to take a bath. I?m just going to get a magazine.
I know that you?re new at this, but this is completely unacceptable bath decorum.
Fine, you can have the bath, but I am taking your boat. Now you?re just a girl in a tub! 
She pulled it out of me! She?s like a conversational wizard! How?d it go?
Oh my God! A friend he?s looking at differently, but it?s wrong. It?s Rachel!
It sure is nice to do this together, isn?t it?
Phoebe! You kinda caught me at a bad time.
Hi honey. We just got a wedding gift from Bob and Faye Bing; they don?t like us do they? 
No, it doesn?t say where it came from. Where would we return it?
Why don?t we just find a place for it?
No! That?s where we keep the canned goods! Have you completely forgotten everything you learned at orientation?
Oh, okay. Here, why don?t you let me do it?
No reason. I-I keep private things in there.
Chandler, there is nothing in there that concerns you! If you love me you-you?ll let it go.
Well it?s?I mean I?d just?I?d be self-conscious. You?re my friend; I?d be naked.
Hey, come on Phoebe, you can understand why this would be weird for me.
Okay, if it means that much to you?
Oh God Phoebe!!  Oh that?s it! That?s it! Right there! Oh!  Ooooh-oooh-ooooh? 
I gotta tell you, yesterday was amazing. That massage felt so good!
So umm, what do you say we make it a weekly appointment?
What?! You?re crazy! There?s nothing sexual about the noises I make!
Oh my?This is so embarrassing. Oh my God, I?m never gonna get massaged again!
Oh no! You weren?t supposed to see this!
No Chandler, you don?t understand!  Okay! Okay! Okay! Fine! Now you know. Okay? I?m y?know?I?m sick.
Well?it?s just umm?I?m afraid you might mess it up.
 Phoebe, c?mere. I want to show you something in the bathroom.
Nothing. Just something I want to get Phoebe?s opinion on for Valentine?s Day.
All right, big brother.  Which of these do you think would make your little sister look hotter, so your best friend would want to do her?
 Okay! I?ll be right out. I?m slipping into something a little less comfortable, and a little more slutty.
Is this the video of the baby being born? Sweetie, this is Phoebe?s. Why were you even watching it?
Chandler, if you thought I was going to get you porn for Valentine?s Day?  you were right! Apparently, it?s about a young girl who moves to the big city, you know, in search of stardom, but ends up having sex with a lot of guys! Yeah, it got four starts!  Oh, wait a minute. Those aren?t stars. Anyway, you want to take a look?
Chandler, we can?t let this tape wreck Valentine?s Day!
Oh! Oh, my God! No wonder my mother hates me!
That?s better. 90 seconds is a long time not to think about it?except all I did was think about it.
Okay, well, we have to get past this! Why don?t we get rid of the tape and pretend it never existed?
Rach, you know that birthing tape you wanted to see? It?s here.
No, but I will leave a sweater that smells like me right next to you!
She?s right?of course not. Honey, get the tape.
I know! I know, I?m so sorry for you!
Oh, look at those little fingers and toes!
I just talked to Joey, I just?I want to see how you were.
All right, I know you?re hurting, and-and I want to be supportive, but don?t say that again.
Honey, I don?t think that?s something we need to worry about! First of all he?s-he?s never gonna tell her how he feels about her. And even if he did you have no idea how she?d react.
Joey?he?s not even thinking about going after Rachel!
No! All he?s thinking about is how you?re taking this! I mean, listen it?s totally freaking him out. He?s talking about moving to Vermont.
He says he wants to leave the country.  He thinks you hate him.
Honey I can?t even imagine how hard this must be for you. But, I don?t want you to lose Joey over it. And right now he just needs to know that you?re still his friend.
All right. Now do it soon, he just asked me how to convert his dollars into Vermont money.
So Don, what-what other restaurants do you like?
Oh my God! That?s my restaurant, I?m the chef there.
Oh, I?d like a latte. Oh y?know what? If you?re gonna talk about me, I?m gonna go with you. 
Me too! Yeah, Chandler can?t stand it. He won?t even allow me to have blue cheese in the house.
You know what I?d love to do? I would like to go to France and eat nothing but bread and cheese?Not even bread, just cheese. No, I want the bread. Yeah. Ah, and pastries?  And pate. Oh, I?m really not high, it?s just I used to be fat.
I?d like to have Don and Phoebe over. Wouldn?t that be nice?
Are you okay? You?ve been acting weird all afternoon.
No. I don?t think that you and I were destined to end up together. I think that we fell in love and work hard at our relationship. Some days we work really hard.
No, I?ve had second thoughts about that. Do you realize how hard that would be to clean?
I don?t see him. Hey! Maybe he?s in the sugar bowl!  Joey? Nope! 
Hello? No rejection? I got shot down at fat camp! Boy, kids are mean when they?re hungry.
This is Rachel. I mean, what are you gonna do, never going to talk to her again? I mean I know it?s weird, it?s awkward, but you gotta at least try.
 I-I?m the head chef. I-I can?t get promoted.
Honey, what is the Bruce Springsteen CD in the Kat Stevens case?
Okay. No need to panic. Deep breathes everyone. Okay umm uh, we?re just gonna have to spend some time and put the CDs in the right cases.
Hmm, I don?t know. We really have to talk this through.
Okay, I-I?m sorry. You and Joey, your both focusing on this uncomfortable thing, what you need to do is to change the subject. Next time you see him try to get him talking about something else.
Yeah, like I don?t know, maybe you have a work problem that you need his advice on.
Good.  Uh honey, the Miami Vice soundtrack? Really?
Uh I really don?t know what to tell you Rach, I really don?t. I mean, maybe Joey can help you out with your, with your big work problem.
Yeah Joey she?s?Rachel?s got this really big work problem, and it is a head scratcher. Wow!  Y?know what, if we?re gonna make dinner we?re gonna have to leave. Yeah. 
You said your boss wants to buy your baby?!
Don?t worry Phoebe, you?re gonna meet someone. If I can meet a great guy, so can you.
Are you kidding? This is where they get out stains! Okay? This is like Disneyland for me. I?m-I?m gonna be over here watching the dance of the clean shirts. 
 Ooh, an ink stain! Hey, can I watch how you get this out?
 Oh, by the way. Would it be okay if I gave the toast to mom and dad this year?
Yes! Every year Ross makes the toast, and it?s always really moving, and always makes them cry. Well this year I?m going to make them cry.
No! Really! Any time Ross makes a toast everyone cries, and hugs him, and pats him on the back and they all come up to me and say, "God, your brother." Know what they?ll say this year? "God, you"
Oh I?m working on my toast for the party, or as I like to call it. Sob fest 2002. Hey check this out. 
It?s a dead dog. That?s Chi-Chi; she died when I was in high school.
You got a present for my parents. That?s so sweet.
That?s my old dog. He passed away years ago.
It?s out on the island. It?s in Massapequa.
Okay, I got my note cards.  Do you got the presents?
He called the Long Island Expressway a concrete miracle.
Just going over my toast. Those two will never know what hit ?em. I can?t wait. They?re going to be crying so hard. They?re going to be fighting for breath.
Okay it?s time for the toast! Umm now-now, I know that Ross usually gives the toast, but this year I?m going to do it. 
No, no it?s going to be great. Really! Mom, Dad, when I got married, one of the things that made me sure I could do it was the amazing example the two of you set for me. For that and so many other things I want to say thank you. I know I probably don?t say it enough, but I love you.  When I look around this room, I?m-I?m saddened by the thought of those who could not be here with us. Nana, my beloved grandmother who would so want to be here, but she can?t because she?s dead. As is our dog Chi-Chi. I mean look how cute she is. . Was.  Do me a favor and pass this to my parents. Remember she?s dead. Okay, her and Nana, gone. Wow! Hey does anybody remember when Debra Winger had to say goodbye to her children in Terms of Endearment?  Didn?t see that? No movie fans?! You want to hear something sad? The other day I was watching 60 Minutes these orphans in Romania, who have been so neglected, they were incapable of love.  You people are made of stone! Here?s to mom and dad! Whatever! Mrs.
Okay that?s it. I give up. At mom and dad?s 40th anniversary, you?re the one giving the speech.
How cool is this?! We know three down! I?m touching three down! 
Three down knows I?m married, what?s three down doin??
You can?t say that!! You-you don?t know!! I mean I thought I was gonna pass out from the pain! Anyway I-I tried, but I-I couldn?t...bend that way. So...  Phoebe, Ross, and
Also both of your sisters called and neither can make it.
Well, given that we forgot to invite her it would be an awfully big coincidence if she was.
Well it wasn?t my fault, Phoebe was in charge of the invitations!
Okay, y?know what? Don?t worry, okay? We?ll take care of it. We?ll call her. Just go home and get ready.
Go! I have it in my book. Go!   Wait a minute! If you?re in charge of the invitations why am I the one who has to call her?Hello Mrs. Green! Hi, it?s Monica Geller. Mrs.
 Hi, umm I know this is last minute, but we?ve decided to throw an impromptu baby shower for Rachel today. Mrs.
 Oh my God, my ass is sweating!  Please! Please! Can you come? It?s today at four. Mrs.
You ordered a stripper for the shower?! That is totally inappropriate!
Yes, thank you so much. And again, we?re so sorry. We could not feel worse about it. Mrs.
Phoebe, Sandra?s mad at you too. It-it doesn?t bother you?
Okay. I can do that.  I gotta go powder my ass.  Mrs.
I personally would be honored if she wanted to live with me.
That?s right. That is right, you go over there and tell her you don?t want her to live with you. Do not take no for an answer!
 This is great! Now she?s gonna be mad at Rachel! Y?know what? And I?m just gonna swoop in there and be like the daughter she never had.
Yes! Yes! And I think that the first gift that Rachel opens should be from the grandmother of the baby, because you?re the most important person in this room. And in the world! Mrs.
Rachel, listen to your mother. She is very smart. Mrs.
It is going to be okay!  It was worth a shot.
 You?re still so funny. You?re so funny.  What do I do?
Okay! I will! Mrs. Green? Mrs. Green!  It is rude to leave a party without saying good-bye to the host! Yeah, and-and also when someone apologizes to you the decent thing to do is to accept it! Now what I did to you, it wasn?t on purpose! But what you?re during to me now is just plain spiteful! Mrs.
That?s right! Maybe it?s time you took a good hard look at a mirror young lady?old lady?lady!
So whenever you?re ready to apologize to me, I will forgive you. Good day!  I can?t feel my legs!
Yeah could-could-could you get me something to drink?
Okay.  Mrs. Green! Okay I?m really sorry!! I?m apologizing for the?  Okay, I bit my tongue, but I?m still really sorry! Closing Credits
 Oh my God! Look at all the newspapers! It must be a good review! Is it great?!
You don?t think that umm,  "The chef?s Mahi Mahi was awful awful," is bad press?
Is he right? Am I really?Am I awful?
Remember that guy that gave me a bad review? Well?  I?m getting my revenge!
No. He teaches a course on food criticism at the New School, so before we go to the movies I wanna go by there and make him try my bollet base again. Oh, I cannot wait to read the front page of the Post tomorrow! "Restaurant reviewer
Hi! Umm, I?m Monica Geller, I?m the chef at Alessandro?s. The Food
I think the things that you said about me are really unfair, and I would like for you to give my boule base another chance. The Food
Spoon?  So, what do you think? The Food
Well umm, they both have a egg yolk and butter base, but a bournese has shallots, shirvel, and most importantly teradyne. The Cooking
Oh no! I don?t know anything about cooking. I had to ask someone what it?s called when the, when the water makes those little bubbles. The Cooking
I-I-I?m sorry, your-your mouth was full, I didn?t hear what you said. Umm, hats off to who now? The Cooking
Y?know, you called me that before so I-I took the liberty of fashioning a star out of aluminum foil. Now, no pressure, you like my cookies, you give me the star.  The Cooking
Wow! A star!  I know you all hate me and-and I?m sorry, but I don?t care.  The Cooking
Joey! I?m so proud of you! The Cooking
Excuse me? He doesn?t even know what he?s doing! The Cooking
I do! I?m a professional chef!  Oh relax! It?s not a courtroom drama! The Cooking
I?m-I?m sorry, it?s just that umm? Well I-I cook at this restaurant, Alessandro?s, and umm I just got a really bad review? The Cooking
Oh, I?m totally crazy, but you-you like the food? The Cooking
Okay then, I don?t stink. I?m a good chef. Okay. 
Oh, look! Acting for Beginners! Want to feel good about yourself?
Oh I love taking limos when nobody died!
Well, well Ross didn?t care enough to be here, so I think he?s out. You snooze you lose.
Well then somebody?s snoozing. Joey, not that this uh should affect you at all, but if you were to pick me, I was planning on wearing a sequined dress, cut down to here. 
Wait a minute, just because he paid for your head shots you?re gonna take him? Joey, I don?t think you?re comprehending just how slutty this dress is!
She?s over a week late! She gotta have it today, right?
Hmm, care to make it interesting? I?ll bet you that she?ll have it by this time tomorrow.
Now stop it! Double or nothing that she has it by tomorrow!
What did the doctor say? Any news on when the baby will come?
Well what is it? What is it? If it?s gonna help bring the baby here, like today. I mean, I think you should do it.
I?m just saying it?s been a really long time for you. I mean, women have needs. Do it, get yours!
All right, let?s be practical, if Ross isn?t willing to do it, he?s not the only guy in the world you can have sex with. You can borrow Chandler?Chandler is good!
Nothing. I just want the baby to be born today.
Okay fine! I keep betting Phoebe that you?re gonna have the baby and I don?t want to lose again!
Wait a minute! Now I?m betting against all three of you?
That?s it. I?m done. I don?t care when the baby comes, no more betting.
Hello?  Uh-huh.  Uh-huh.  Okay.  I guess we can bet one more time.
How did you know that?!  Joey! Chandler!! It?s time!
You know everything!! Oh wait, double or nothing. I bet you the baby is over seven pounds.  I bet you it has hair.  I bet you it?s a girl.
We took a cab. Did you guys walk?
Umm, this is going to be fun. Watch me freak out Chandler. Honey?
Listen uh, I-I?ve been doing some thinking, and I don?t know whether it?s because we?re here or Rachel?s giving birth but umm, I think we should try to have a baby.
What?! Are you kidding me?! You-you-you think we?re ready to have a baby now?!
Yeah but I was just screwing with you to try to get your voice all high and weird like mine is now!
Okay, just back off mister! Whoa.  ?Cause I am ready to have a baby. I just want Joey to be the father.
That?s it! Right there! Is all I wanted!
Oh good God! If you want a baby so bad just go steal it! 
What is going on with you? Since when are you so crazy about babies?
Well maybe I?m ready now. I mean, it?s a little scary, but maybe it?s right.
So we?re gonna try? I mean, are we trying?
Umm, wait! Do you want to set the mood a little?
Okay. Let?s hurry?Oh wait! Do we have a condom?  Oh right! 
We could, or we can have sex in it.
I can?t believe this is taking so long. How are you doing?
Oh my God! She?s amazing. Oh, oh I?m so glad you guys got drunk and had sex!
Yeah, I?ve had them picked out since I was fourteen.
Umm, okay. If it?s a boy it?s Daniel.
Yeah, but I love you more. Besides y?know, nothing goes with Bing. So I?m screwed. I mean?  Oh, hi Emma. Yeah, that?s you. You?re our little Em. Oh what?s that honey? What? Oh, you want a little cousin?  You want a cousin right now?!
I know. Hey, do you realize we may have just changed our lives forever? We may have just started a family. Nine months from now we can be here, having our own baby.
Oh, Aunt Liddy?s coming? That means we get five dollars each! Mr.
Come on! Come on, if we have sex again it?ll double our chances of getting pregnant. Do you think that closet?s still available?
Oh, I still can?t believe my dad saw us having sex! He didn?t make it to one of piano recitals, but this he sees!
Hi Dad! I can still call you that right? Mr.
Well, that?s okay dad, we-we can wait until later. Mr.
Daddy! I don?t think we need to hear about the specific positions you and mom had sex. Mr.
Well, now?s a good time. I?m on my way to have my ears cut off.
Is he crazy?! You just had Ross?s baby!
What?! Are you crazy? You just had Ross?s baby! It?s-it?s so inappropriate. No, it?s worse than that. It?s wrong. It?s? It is bigger than mine! 
Honey, the question is?do you really want to marry Joey?
Ok, I don?t wanna be negative so I?ll say that most of the signs you bought are good.
Phoebe! But I could take one of those little feet and put it in a pita pocket.
Wow, he?s really not letting this go, is he?
Alright here?s something, it says to try holding the baby close to your body and then swing her rapidly from side to side.
Oh my god, I am losing my mind.
Chandler, I don?t even wanna see the musical Oklahoma!
Are you trying to tell me that we?re moving to Oklahoma, or that you?re gay? All right, not that this matters, but did they at least offer you a huge raise?
Oh she misunderstood, she thought she was moving to Tulsa.
You?re just new at this, it?ll get better, think about your first day at work. I mean, that couldn?t have been easy but you figured that out.
 Bouncy baby, Bouncy baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby, Ooh baby baby. 
It worked! Ooh baby baby baby, ooh baby baby baby!
I can?t believe it! She?s asleep! I got her to go to sleep! I have actual magical powers!
Shhh! We just got her to go to sleep
 Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Got it! Closing Credits
I kind of have to don't I? Because of this stupid thing 
You got out of the whole Tulsa thing?
It's great! How? Chandler. Well my boss and I worked out a deal where I only have to be in Tulsa four days a week, so the other three I can be here with you.
So you're gonna be gone four days a week?  No.
No. I can't be away from you for that long.
Yeah, you're my husband. I'm not gonna live in a different state than you for 208 days out of the year.
Honey, thanks for trying to figure out a way, but if you're going to Tulsa, I wanna go with you.
He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.
Oh, maybe he was getting him confused with his childhood therapist.
Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just really freaked him out.
Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy, who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she'll know of something.
 Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my husband has been relocated...Because I love him! No, I don't want a job in New York. Javo  is looking? Oh my God! He asked for me personally? Oh my God! Oh, wow, this is really flattering, but I'm moving to Tulsa. Yeah, so if you would tell Javo  'I'll take it!'
So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant, Javo . It's just a little outside of Tulsa.
I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make it one day, we've got real problems my friend.
That's the nicest anyone has ever said to me! 
Are you serious? You still see Dr. Gettleman?
Joey I am not going to objectify woman with you  but if her face is as nice as her ass woah mamma.
yeah he has to stay in Tulsa this weekend
he has to work, there's some rush on the big  ah damn it one of these days I'm really gonna have to start listening when he talks about his job.
maybe I will go  yea will have a second honeymoon at the Tulsa Ramada.
how do you know I have one of those?
Hey Rach its me ok I just got the Chandler's room and I caught him molesting himself.
yea well the weird part is... he was getting off to a shark attack show!
do you know how many times I've seen him jump up like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone. not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe you were having an off night
Honey why don't you just let it go and ask her out again.
you don't think sharks are sexy do you?
Here why don't you sit down, get yourself comfortable because I.  have a little surprise for you.
Ok  This is how much I love you. 
Is this not the good part? Do you want me to fast forward to something a little toothier.
Oh well this is the only one they had at our video store, but they did have something called crocodile killers. Or does it always have to be sharks?
Honey look we can do something else, do you want me to get into the tub and thrash.
sweetie it's ok, I still love you, let me be a part of this.
I saw what you were doing in Tulsa. angry sharks turn you on!
then why were you watching them and giving YOURSELF a treat.
I cannot tell you how happy that makes me! 
What are you talking about? We're all together right now.
This is not, what I'm wearing. I'm ovulating and Chandler's gonna be home any minute, so I thought we would try before dinner.
Believe me, Chandler and I have not seen each other in over a week. We'll probably be the first ones there.
 Welcome home. I've missed you. join me in the bedroom?
 O-kay, so you wanna play it that way, do you?
What do I smell?  I smell smoke. Huh--did you smoke?
How can you smoke in this day of age? Do you not seen that ad with a little kid walks to grandpa, it's chilling.
So what? Don't you have any will power?
That's right, because I forbid you to smoke again.
Don't joke  with me, okay? I'm very, very upset right now.
Sex! This is the last day I'm ovulating, and when we don't do it now, we'll have to wait till next month. 
Oh good, I hate it when you do that
Spend more time with the tie. That'll make a baby.
Oh sure, now you're Mister Sensitivity. But when you wanted to have sex right after my uncle's funeral
No, you're right. Mnya, we shouldn't do it like this. Huch. For what it's worth, I'm, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have come down on you so hard about the smoking. So you had a few cigarettes, not the end of the world.
Uch. I am still so mad at you for smoking.
I was just saying that because I was ovulating and you said you wouldn't have sex with me while we're fighting.
You used to tell girls you were a Kennedy.  Ooh, uh, thanks. Wow, little tight, isn't it? How d'you get a bigger table? You-you had a big table, but they made you move. Huh-huh, shut up Monica. Whoo, I suppose that Chandler will have the smoked duck.
Mom's here? I wanted to have lunch with her today, she told me she was out of town.
Yes smokie, that is what it was. I just can't get enough.
So, I'm, I'm probably still ovulating. Do you want to give it another try?
We don't have much time. Once the egg decended the oviduct ...
Oh, the way you crushed Mike at ping pong was such a turn-on.You wanna...? 
Yeah, you can hear everything through these stupid walls.
Wait a minute, I think Phoebe's right. You know I hear someone else in there with him. 
No I'm not sure that it's the best way to hear everything. Someone get me a glass!
 Oh my God, I love how thin these walls are! 
Not until you said it. Somebody switch!  Wait a minute... Ross and Charlie, Joey and Rachel, Phoebe and Mike! We're the only people leaving with the same person we came with.
Okay, I've had it with the hair jokes. Tomorrow morning, before we leave, I'm going to the salon.
Honey, if you know it through a wall, you know it too well! 
 Yeah, we had a great time, thank you! 
Yeah, but he wants to talk to you before anything really happens with her. And as his friend, I mean, don't you think he deserves the same from you?
Oh, I can't wait for everyone at work to see these...  Ow!
Well, if I had them taken out, then I wouldn't be able to do this.  You like that, right? 
Fine, so you don't like them. Everybody else does.
You know what? I don't care. I like it like this, and I'm gonna keep it. You're just jealous because your hair can't do this...  OUCH!
Well, I was dancing around, and singing "No Woman, No Cry" and I got stuck.
Look what I found in the drawer...  And you said I'd never wear this...
Okay, I just don't get why you like it so much.
God, this adoption stuff is so overwhelming. There's inter-country adoption, dependency adoption.. There are so many ways to go, and this is like the biggest decision of our lives.
Thanks, that would be great. Hey, honey, wouldn't that be great?   Frank
Oh, my goodness, they've all gotten so big! 
Thank you so much for seeing us. Phoebe has told us such great things about you guys.
Well, we appreciate anything you can tell us.
Thank you.  I think I just had a tiny orgasm.
They're in the kitchen getting something to eat. Can you believe how nice they are?
Why? What did you do in the bathroom?
Oh my god, where's my purse? No, you know what? I can replace everything in there. Get that binder, and let's go! 
Uhm, we just wanna give you a heads-up. Bill and Colleen hate us.
I know, Amanda! Ah! She called me too! She's the worst!
She's this girl who used to live in the building before you did. Then she moved to England and she picked up this fake British accent. On the machine this is her message.  "Monica, darling! It's Amanda calling!"
I know, and she's always bragging about all the famous people she's met.
Oh, what are we gonna do! I don't wanna see her!!
Oh, I guess we could try that, but... it seems so harsh!  Have you ever done that?
 No, no, don't get it. Let the machine pick up.
You're from Yonkers! Your last name is Buffo-Martisis!
Hi Amanda! Actually now... it's... is not a good time. Dinner tomorrow night?  Ok, Phoebe and I will see you then!
Well, I said 'no' to her coming over now! I couldn't say 'no' twice! I get this uncontrollable need to please people!
How could you mess this up? It's so easy? You go into the booth, you count to five and you turn around!!
Wow, really? One time he just looked at my bra and it popped open. 
Well, you guys have been friends forever. Remember the first time that you kissed Ross? How weird that was? You couldn't stop laughing? You got through that.
 Chandler, stop! It is not going to pop open!
 Oh good. Good, look I'm so sorry, for screwing up that cutting-her-out plan. But I have a new plan. Chandler agreed to call here in a few minutes with an emergency.
Well, what do you think of Mike and Chandler being in a car accident?
 Hello? Chandler, what's wrong?  Oh my God, are you alright?  Yeah, I'll be right there.  I'm so sorry, but Chandler was in a car accident. 
I can't believe you tried to cut me out. Why Phoebe, why?
I won't know what I would do without you. 
Well, I guess we should go back in. When you gave me another chance, I guess we should do the same for Amanda.
That place in Vermont? You can take a hint!
Well, can't you just have the party when we get back?
Well, I'm sorry, but Chandler and I could really use a weekend away. You know, to reconnect... emotionally.
All right, we'll stay. We can just drive up after the party.
Believe me, that is not why we won't be doing that! OPENING CREDITS
All right... you're right. We're sorry. Now let's wake up Emma and get the fun time started!
Are you freaking kidding me, Green?  Jack and
I've got a plan. I've got a plan. I'm going to ram this platter really hard into your ribs. You're gonna scream out and that'll wake her up!
Oh my God, that place has the creamiest frosting! I use to hitchhike there when I was a kid.
Oh, did you do a picture of Emma?
Oh. So nice of her to pull my hair, 'till I dropped the key!
We're Aunt Monica and uncle Chandler, by the way. You may not recognize us, because we haven't spoken to your parents in seventeen years!
Ross, Rachel promised it would be over by now. We seriously have to go, if we want to get to Vermont. I called them and the last train leaves in a half hour.
No! Wait! If anybody gets to go.. it's us  We've been complaining the longest!
No, he didn't! He pretended to be a Quaker to get out of Korea.
Yeah, and we've paid for a room, that we're supposed to be in right now!
No! no! Let's figure out a fair way to decide who's staying.
Phoebe, you get the bear, uhm, Joey, you get the robot, and Chandler and I get the dog. Ok, and the race is going to go  from here to here. Now the one who comes in last, stays!
Wha... How the hell is that gonna help?
No! No, no... wait! We didn't lose.  The rules clearly stated that the last one to cross the finish line was the loser. Well, our dog never crossed the finish line, so technically...
Now another way to organise your stuffed animals, is by size.
Hey Rach, the adoption agency needs letters of recommendation and we were wondering if you would write one for us.
Yeah, it's just we don't think of you as really being so much "with the words".
You know what? Then, Joey, we want you to do it.
You guys do that? Chandler won't even have sex in our bathroom!
Hey Joey, I don't think we can use this.
Well, because you signed it baby kangaroo Tribbiani . Hey, why don't you stop worrying about sounding smart and just be yourself!
Oh, well, I bought Chandler a five hundred dollar watch and he wrote me a rap song.
Maybe you don't need him to propose to you, maybe you can propose to him!
How about at a game, on the big screen?
What? what? He obviously thinks that's a nice way to be proposed to, plus he'd never suspect it!
Oh my God, oh my God, that letter is gonna go in our file! We're never gonna get a kid. No, we're gonna be one of those old couples that collects orchids or has a lot of birds!
Ugh, we're screwed, aren't we? You know what? Just tell me on the way to the bird store.
Because there are so many terrible sights in this world.
What does the red X next to Bob Greenmore's name mean?
Hey, you wanna go to see a movie?
Oh, well. Now that I'm here I might as well help you with the cleaning and organizing! Just happen to have my label maker!
Uh, Chandler did! What does he want you to give up?
Well, of course I do. What's not to like! I'll take her in a minute! But, you know, I think that you're giving up too easy, honey. I think that you need to fight for her!
Absolutely! Yes, you say to him "I'm sorry Mike I can't live without her, she means too much to me!"
Damn it, I did not think this through!
Hey, how did it go with Mike, is he gonna let you keep the painting?
You know, I would give her up, for you.
 I haven't really settled on a spot yet!
No, too late. You can't give it back! 
And it has to go perfectly, because if she doesn't like something about us she can keep us off every adoption list in the state.
Ok, so I think I'm just about done here, unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like... porn or cigarettes?
Ok, so there's not a magazine under the couch, or a pack of cigarettes taped to the back of the toilet tank, or a filthy video in the VCR?
Oh my God, the adoption lady is early!
We're waiting for the adoption lady, but, hey, I'm glad you're here. I was cleaning this morning and I found this . I don't know if you wanna use it, but...
I told you! I am not coming to a naked wedding!
That's crazy! . I am sorry. I just can't imagine giving up my one wedding day like that!
That's right. You're making a commitment and that's the same, whether you do that at the Plaza or, where are you gonna do it?
Ow!  Oh, that sounds nice! I am just there for jury duty. They really spruce that place up!
Why not! This is her wedding day, this is way more important than some stupid kids!
Hi, I am Monica and this is Chandler. Please come in.
Ok. Great. I am so glad that you are here. We're really excited about getting this process started.
Ah, thank you. This building does have a wholesome family feel to it.
Is that that couple on the first floor? Because we should get a baby before them. Yeah! That guy tried to sell me drugs. 
Ohh... that wouldn't by any chance be... Joey Tribbiani?
Keep on roaming Bert! We don't want any crazy today!
Oh, by the way, you are more than welcome to look under any of the furniture, because, believe me, you won't find any porn or cigarettes under there!
 Why don't I show you the baby's room? 
  Some people don't get him, but I think he's really funny! . 
Yeah, that we totally understand. Dating is hard.
Hello...? Oh hi... Oh my God...! Really...? I can't wait to tell Chandler... Ok, goodbye. 
It was Laura... She gave us a great report and we are officially on the waiting list.
Now we just have to wait for a call and... and someone tells us there's a baby waiting for us. Oh... 
We need to talk to you about something.
That's my favourite kind! Okay, we are doing this!
Hey, stay out of this, Chandler! This is between me... and ME!
You guys, I ordered some chocolate pies from that bakery on Bleecker. Could you pick them up for me?
No, no, no, I don't make chocolate pies. When I was younger I-I enter in this pie-eating contest. I ate so many that just the thought of them made me sick.
2 minutes, 12 pies and a part of one tin! Okay, I see you guys at 4.
This dinner is gonna be so great! In your face, last year "me"! 
 I don't get older. I just get better!
Yeah, but we haven't heard a thing from the adoption agency and it has been weeks!
Ok, let's see... uhm, okay, the turkey is in the oven, the stuffing is ready...
Oh, Chandler, that's sweet. But you don't have to do everything Doctor Phil tells you to do.
Ok, let's see... Oh, the cranberry sauce, it is easy to make and no-one really cares about it.
Okay, I'm gonna go check on something across the hall. You start by washing these  Not with soap!! 
Ohhh! Let me see! Oh God, I can't believe this! They're an hour late and they're just staying out there, talking!
 Oooh! They are in for a world of pain!
No! Everything's cold. The turkey's dried out and the... the stuffing is all soggy.
Hey, you touch that and you will be sorry.
Oh! Enough! A monkey could have made 'em!
Yeah, they do seem to feel pretty bad.
 Okay, okay. You two  go get the dessert. And I'll let you in.
Yeah, I asked you and Phoebe to pick up the pies. You did remember, right?
Oh my God! YOU FORGOT THE PIES? Well, I cannot believe this. You force me to make dinner, then you're an hour late and you forget the one little thing that I asked you to do.
Alright, well, this does not change anything.  Okay, we need to get something to grease the sides of his face.
Alright, we're gonna have to unscrew the chain.
Okay, I have to get that. Now when I get back, I want you and your friends to be gone. Thanksgiving is over. The Vein has spoken.
There's a pregnant woman in Ohio, and she picked us! 
This Thanksgiving kicks last Thanksgiving's ass!  COMMERCIAL BREAK
I can't believe they called, and we're actually getting a baby. 
Yep, we're gonna meet the lady who could be carrying our baby.
She's only a couple of months pregnant. She liked our application but who knows if she's gonna like us.
And a lot could still get in our way.
You know, I know that things could still go wrong but if they don't? If this works out, we're gonna have a baby Chandler, a baby!
Oh my God, it's gonna WORK! We're gonna make it work! I'm gonna be a mummy and  you're gonna be a daddy! All right, I'll see you suckers. I'm gonna get me... A BABY! {she leaves)
Ok, thank you. Uh, well this is it. Are you OK?
Hi. It is so, so nice to meet you.
It says "Do it!". And behold she did adopt onto them a baby. And it was good.
Oh, you know, my flock is good, I mean, yeah, my flock pretty much takes care of themselves at this point. Good flock. Flock, flock, flock.
Oh my God, this is great! This is so great! . Did you hear that?
 Hey, thank you. Thank you so much. . You are SO going to Heaven!
Well, if you think about it, I am kind of like a Reverend. I mean, as a chef, I serve God, by feeing the hungry and poor. 
C'mon Chandler, I think we have been given an opportunity. I mean, the mistake has already been made. They are writing up the paper right now.
 Because... We may not be who she thinks we are but no-one will ever love that baby more than us.
I mean, who knows how long it's gonna take for someone else to give us a baby? What if, what if no one ever picks us?
 Maybe she will. Uh! Why couldn't I have been a Reverend?
Look, doctor!  Look, before we sign anything we really have to talk... We're not who you think we are. Agency
Yeah, but the important thing to know about us, is how much we would care for this little baby. 
Well, we...  "bore false witness"... See I could be a reverend.
But we were hoping that since we told you the truth that you still might consider...
Well, you don't have to decide right now, but if you could just look at our file...
I would get a room with this cake. I think I could show this cake a good time!
Oh, I'm sorry honey, you know, but when she said "sex" I wasn't thinking about "sex with you"!
So? What do you think of the house?
Isn?t it? Then what about the amazing wainscotting and the crown molding and the dormer windows in the attic?
And Nancy said that it's really under price, because the guy lost his job and has to move in with his parents!
So? Do you think we should get it?
Gotcha. When do we tell them about this?
Okay. Right. Oh my God that is gonna be so hard.
If only there were a smaller one to clean this one!
No, he?s picking up dinner, why, what?s up?
Oh my God! Oh my God that?s awful! What did you think of the house? 
Yeah, sure... uhm, I'm devastated, obviously...  Did you think the neighborhood was homey? 
 Phoebe and Rachel saw you with Nancy today and... em... they think you're having an affair.
 Ok, alright, you guys, you'd better sit down, this is pretty big.
Uhm, she has been showing us houses outside of the city.
When we found out that we're gonna get this baby, Chandler and I started talking and we decided that we didn't want to raise a kid in the city.
And that's great for you guys, but we want a lawn and a swingset...
And about an hour ago, we made an offer. 
 It's so sweet. It really is. It has this big yard that leads down to this stream and then there's these old maple trees... 
We think if you saw it, you'd understand. I mean you guys were there.  It is beautiful, isn't it?
Well, I guess we've established who's staying here with Monica... 
Okay, Rachel, you wanna put the marshmallows in concentric circles.
Hey, did you get the turkey bast-Oh my God! Oh my God!  Who is that?
I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
It?s umm, it has something to do with transponding.
Hey, we would still be living here if hadn?t gotten the question wrong!
I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way. I'm sorry, but iit-t's true, I love him too. 
Well, this is the last box of your clothes. I?m just gonna label it, "What were you thinking?"
Whoa-whoa-whoa, Phoebe you gotta take her! Y?know, I-I-I said some really bad stuff about her, but y?know Rachel has some good qualities that make her a good roommate. She gets tons of catalogs and umm, she?ll fold down the pages of the things she thinks that I?d like.
When I take a shower, she leaves me little notes on the mirror.
When I fall asleep on the couch after reading, she covers me over with a blanket.
And when I told her that I was gonna be moving in with Chandler, she was really supportive.   You were so great. You made it so easy. And now you have to leave. And I have to live with a boy!!  TIME LAPSE 
What the hell is that dog doing here?!  
I know there'll be other houses, but it's just so... I love that one so much.
Oh my God! My God! We've got the house !?
Joey is gonna be a celebrity guest on a game show!
Oh, that was our favourite game show ever!
Oh, I can't. We're throwing Phoebe a bachelorette party.
Ross and I always wanted to be Donny and Marie.
Yeah, we used to perform for our family and friends.
 Hey, where is this guy, it's been over an hour!
What's the matter, officer? Has someone been bad?  Roy, the male
Oh my God, this man is gonna get naked in my apartment!
Oh, no! I mean, obviously we want to see you take your clothes off! You big piece of eye candy!
I can't believe we are at a real college party!  I have to pee so bad!
Look, there's Chandler. You knew, that stupid friend of Ross'. Said I'm fat. You know I've already lost 4 pounds!
Hi Chandler. It's really nice to see you  NOT. 
Do NOT let me sit in one of those. We'll be here for days. 
That's weird. I've had the same number of beers as you and I don't feel anything at all. 
For your information, ass munch, I've lost four pounds. Maybe even five with all the dancing.  Pizza
She and Phoebe took the stripper to the hospital.
Two guys in one night? Wow, I thought she became a slut after she got her nose fixed.
Did you just hung up on me?  All right, look, I need you at the rehearsal dinner tonight at 1800 hours.
Ok. Hold on.  Geller here! No! I said it has to be there by 4 o'clock. Goodbye.  Oh, how hard it is to make an ice sculpture?
Please... honey, leave the details to me. Now I wanna make this day as special for you as I can. Now, ok, I was thinking that the harpist should wear white.
I made her.  Steel drums don't really say "elegant wedding". Nor does Marjorie's overwhelming scent.
 Are you still crying about your damn baby? Pheebs, you gotta keep the line moving, remember, 20 seconds per person. Your see these clowns all the time! 
 Pheebs, spit that out, that has pork in it.
Yeah, I changed them. I-I sent you a fax about it!
Ah, well then there are gonna be a few surprises!
Ok, it's 2100 hours.  Time for your toast. 
You had a bathroom break at 2030. Pee on your own time, Mike! . Now, in regard to the toast, okay, you wanna keep them short, nothing kills a rehearsal dinner like long speeches. Okay. You just get in, do your thing and get out!
 It's 2101 and I am not amused. . Ok, the bride and groom have a few words they'd like to say. 
Hi. About last night... I know you are under a lot of stress and even though the things you said hurt me a little bit... My point is, uh, well, I'm willing to take my job back.
Oh, is that so? Ok. If that's really what you want, then here... I give you the headset. Well, I don't really want to give you the headset. Well I guess if you're taking over, you should probably return these messages. 
Uh-huh, but I'm sure you can handle this. I mean, I have won awards for my organizational skills, but, uh, I'm sure you'll do fine.
Mm-mh. I printed them out on my computer. 
 Ugh, I guess it got sent to the billing address as opposed to the shipping address.  Uh! What a pickle.
Ok people, we are back in business!  Oh God, we've missed you soo much!  Ok, go and get your hair and make-up done, and I'll take care of everything. 
Ooh! But the band and the photographer are coming all the way in from New Jersey!
 OK LET'S GET THESE CHAIRS OUT HERE! Gunther, hit the Christmas lights.  Okay, who left the ice sculpture  ON THE STEAM GRATE?  Mike's
Level 1 alert. I repeat, level 1. This is not a drill. Okay we've got a situation. The minister just called. He's snowed in. He can't make it.
Okay, if Joey does the ceremony, then we have to find someone else to walk Phoebe down the isle.
Okay, Mike and Joey, get in position. Chandler, come with me.  
Okay, Joey's doing the ceremony and Chandler's giving you away.
I love you.  Oh, wait, wait, wait! No hugs. The dresses... Oh what the hell. 
Okay.  It's zero hour. All teams execute on my count.  Let's get this bad boy on the road.
 I have you scheduled for nudity at 2300 hours.
Groomsman, groomsman, why are you just standing there, where is your bridesmaid?  We've got a broken arrow. Bridesmaid down!  Oh, that's me. 
Yeah, you really shouldn't.  By the way, how was that year-long dig in Cairo?
I'm making cookies for Erica. And oh, by the way, we have to leave for the airport soon, her plane comes in about an hour.
No, we haven't seen her since this morning.
Well, I want he baby to come out all cute and fat!
Well, because we want to get to know her better and she's never been to New York so she wants to see all the tourists' spots... you know, Statue of Liberty, Empire State Building...
Well, if it annoys you so much, then why do you do it?
I want you to meet someone really special. Phoebe, this is Erica. And this is the baby!
Oh, I'm glad. Listen, I want to apologize about Chandler, though. I just did not see this coming.
Oh! It was our pleasure. We are so much enjoying getting to know you.
Alright, we don't know that it's him. I mean, it could be the football guy.
Alright, lets say that it is him, would we not want the baby? No! Would we treat him any differently?
Nope, she doesn't have to, I found out who the father is.
Well, because every time we do, you make jokes about swinging and scare them away.
Ross, we're kind of in the middle of diner here.
No, no. It felt nice to acknowledge this. 
I'm sorry. It's just the idea of being an official Bing.
All right. I know you're not happy about us moving, but you're the only one who hasn't seen the house.
Joey, please come. It would mean so much to us.
 I'll pick you up at eleven. So glad you're coming.
Okay, so from now on we have to call you Princess Consuela?
Thank you for letting us see the house again.
No it's not. We had an inspection and they didn't find anything.
Maybe because it's you hung your head out of the window like a dog the whole ride here.
Oh Joey, look, we know you're having a hard time with this, but we really, we love it here.
Oh, I love this street. The trees, the big front yards, the actual picket fences.
Joey, now that you're okay with the house, do you wanna go see your room?
So what if he wants to sleep with her? I mean, she's single and he's cute.
Oh please! Yesterday on the subway? You couldn't stop staring at that woman with the big breasts the whole time.
Hey, this afternoon you said you'd be supportive...
I know, but what are we gonna do? She really needs this job.
You mean the guy who kept calling you Ron?
Hey Phoebe. Hey, tell me what you think. All right. The house next door to the one that we're buying in Westchester? Just went on the market. I wanna take a look at it, but Chandler doesn't.
But what if it is better than ours? Should we at least look?
Seriously, you don't think we should tell him?
What if he reads it in the paper?
Hi. We're buying the house next door, and we were wondering if we could just take a look around.
Ours is so much better! This living room is smaller, the dining room looks like a cave! What a hole!
They could be our neighbors, what are they like?
No, actually, we're buying the house next door. 
Okay, the realtor said another couple made an offer. Maybe the Janice's won't get it! Maybe the other couple will.
 Okay, Okay,  All right. What if we got both houses? Huh? We can turn this house into a guest house.
Okay, but if we don't get this house, she's stil gonna show up wherever we go! I mean, at least if she's here, it eliminates the element of suprise. I mean, never again will you have to hear the three words that make your balls jump back up inside your body. 
Hey, Rach, you're leaving tomorrow, shouldn't you be packing?
Oh, yeah, right! And after I took a shower this morning I just threw my towel on the floor! Oh God, it hurts to even joke about it.
Ok, so you've done some good work!  What about your carry-ons?
Oh my God! I have nothing left to teach you! 
Oh, wow, can you believe you're like three weeks away?
You don't mind me touching your belly, do you?
Yeah, and I wanted her to get to know the doctors and get settled into the hotel.
Because we're moving in a couple of days and it just didn't make sense.
Ross! She's giving us her baby. She can eat you if she wants. Erica 
Oh, I know. I know. Hey, you know, you can take it if you want! The lease is still in Nana's name.
Mhm, helpful brother - creepy loner at teen movie. 
All right, Rachel's party is in a couple of hours and there's a lot to do. Now, Ross, you got Geller blood, you're in charge of these yahoos!
Well, I thought this would be a great opportunity to use up all the food that I don't want to move to the new house with me! So,
Chandler? I was just in our bedroom and I found these  on my pillow.
What are you talking about? These aren't mine.
That would be a terrible punishment. But, I'm serious, I've never seen these before.
I know what you mean. You're like a sister to me too.
You cried yesterday at the six o'clock news.
Well, maybe she thought that with all of your history it could be, you know, implicit.
And say what? "You owe me a goodbye", I mean, he's got more pride than that.
We're moving in a couple of days and we've got a lot of packing to do. It would be great if you guys could pitch in.
Oh no! You and Phoebe are gonna help me in here.
Okay, we're gonna start in the kitchen. Plates get put into plate protectors and stacked ten to a box. The silverware gets bundled in rubber bands and then bubble wrapped. Got it? Phoebe and
Good! Now I need you to be careful and efficient. And remember, if I am harsh with you, it is only because you are doing it wrong.
She doesn't have a stomach ache, she's in labor.
All right, Chandler get the coats. Erica let's go. Phoebe and Joey, keep packing! Oh my God we're gonna have a baby. All right. We're gonna have a baby! OH MY GOD, WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BABY! Oh God, oh God, I got to sit down, I got to sit down. Ooh! 
Okay, okay... Okay, I feel a little better.
Oh... Yes, I'm sure. Oh honey, let's go. Okay bye everyone. 
